Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless efforts of prepare. during creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through The strategy implementation and execution effectively. Okay. So this is the problem the key problem is how to make sure that we have a systematic approach in place to follow up and follow through the strategy implementation and execution effectively. Having a great strategy industry breakthrough or game-changing product and services can indeed help your company to the right position in the market, but only successful strategy execution that can keep the company their most companies can dream big and create a big Vision, but the problem is that most of them cannot execute. It so this is real problem execution. So now how to have effective execution of a strategy. Of course, there are a lot of methods a lot of approach a lot of steps and files from many experts about this, but basically there are five steps to consider when executing a company strategy plan. The first step is understanding the strategy. Okay. So this is the first step very important understanding the company strategy one of the most important and constant challenge when implementing a strategy She is simply understanding what exactly the strategy is. Okay, an effective way to improve understanding to the strategy is by visualizing the strategy through an illustration that shows both the important aspects of the strategy and how each step relates to one another and ties to the overall goal. Okay. So this is the important visualizing the strategy to understand correlation amongst initiatives within the strategy and before doing that management of the company need to ask themselves. Do they have enough clarity about the vision for example, how they have clarity about the company's vision and Mission. How they can quarter let all the initiatives of the strategy to the result. The company wants to accomplish. For example, is it clear enough? Whether the organizational structure the process to systems are well aligned with the new strategy. So all those basic questions must be answered by the management before they understand. And the company strategy very well. The second step is setting up. Kpi key performance indicator to measure progress achievement key elements of the visualized strategy should be track to easily understood KB is the full set of kpis. The key performance indicators can be organized into a dashboard for example, so that your company can determine the progress. Management need to ask themselves do they have the necessary business information and metrics to execute the company strategy and measure the progress our the kbi is already identified for the company. How successful has the measured man be in the past do they need to change those kpis? For example, so all those questions need to be answered by the management of the company before they determine the kpis to measure the progress of equipment. Now we go to the step three the third step tracking the progress. Okay. So this is also very important the step 3 tracking the progress keeping tabs on the progress of company strategy implementation is key to ensure that the companies are on the right track and help skipping performance aligned with the company's vision. Strategy execution is much like sailing a boat toward the plants destination. If the management don't know where they are headed before they depart then they are less likely to know when they are of the tracks for example, so this is for the important to know where they are headed. Okay, however keeping the finger on the pulse of Implementation but tracking the kpis will allow management to make the necessary Corrections when needed for example, when the conditions change when the trains changing when the situation change the business environment change Etc. So this is very important to be always adaptive to environment and be ready to change any time. Step number four reporting. Okay. So this is the fourth step reporting tracking kpi's will also allow management to have reports ready on a regular basis or a company's Executives or the companies were members. So be sure to capture all ongoing projects in the reports during the implementation of the company strategy to ensure all and Year's team members and board members are on the same page and duplication or misallocation of tasks and resources are nipped in the bud before they cause problems. Using automated reporting tool with Empower management consistently tell the story while saving the time so normally management will use some project management tools project reporting tools to ensure that all the reports or project tracking tools are standardized such that it will allow management to consistently and effectively tracking the progress achievement. all the company strategy implementation and execution step 5 Performance Management and incentive system. Okay. So this is the step number five Performance Management and incentive system. The company's employees are basically the backbone of the company strategic success. Okay, so as such it is very necessary. It is very important for management to find the best way to Keep all the employees engage with the big picture of the company's overall achievement. It is very important for management also find the best way to provide the employee with clear and fair performance measurement system and also to make sure that that is clear alignment between the employees contribution and the incentive system. Okay. So the all employees will be motivated to do the best to be actively participating in the company's strategy implementation and execution management need to take full advantage of every opportunity to provide all employees with coaching with feedback. So they know exactly how their work contributes to the company's offer. All achievement. Okay, so that's all the five steps for Effective execution of company's strategies. My name is David Graham on see you again in the next podcast. Thank you.