Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years. So glad we could finally get some time to put down one of our conversations. I'm recording going to be cool. Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So, yeah, let's just kind of start the beginning, you know, if you don't mind just giving us given given the listeners a little bit of background on yourself and you kind of you know where from her Jillian. You know how you got your start music? Great. Yeah, so Eric McClellan live down in New Jersey Central New Jersey grew up here born and raised and honestly, like, you know, I was always into music as a kid always kind of ahead of the curve with my friends. I knew the lyrics a lot of rap stuff things just like the fourth grade, you know, I was always like one of the kids in the class bringing new cassette tapes and CDs and it just kind of stuck with me besides Sports. I was always interested in Like in CDs the liner notes, you know, what were the labels who was Distributing the music who was producing the music so, you know that always was instilled in me in a part of me growing up and all along. Like I said, I was playing sports was really into baseball, you know going to home games away games. I always have the headphones on listening to Tunes to a me up before a game. I got recruited to play baseball to schools Wagner. And Staten Island and Monmouth in New Jersey and I chose moment because it was closer to home where I grew up and I mean I didn't even know there was a music industry program. This was like, you know, 2002-2004 before American Idol and you know, everything was really glamorized. So I didn't even really know what A&R was I was just a business major and I you know, I always thought to myself I would graduate and then focus on Like either a sports company or like a record label and just if I worked at a record label, I didn't really know what I was going to do it. I assumed it was like marketing or management and I would just you know get in there. So it's like my sophomore year and I find out there's this Music Industry Program. I check it out and long story short. I can't sing or play an instrument so that program required you to do so, so I was like man this, you know sucks. I'm like it. It's Rich right here. It's under my nose. It's close to home. Like I don't want to go to like a USC or Miami like or even at NYU. I really was considering NYU, but I was like hot so pricey and then I'm gonna have to move back home and probably just commute. I'm not going to live on campus. So I start looking at like nyu's curriculum and I'm noticing a lot of the courses like on the business side are already courses that I have and then I'm looking at Mom it's program and I'm also seeing that like the music. These are very similar to these other schools and I was like, why can't there be a way to just merge the two without any of you know, choir and Arrangement and all those kind of classes. So I met with a couple of Music Industry students and one of them, I don't even remember how it came up but one of them showed that maybe like a friend of theirs or something had made their own major. It was called interdisciplinary studies and it was part of the humanities program inside of the school. So I checked it out and my God Bouncer in that area told me that I had to basically meet with a counselor from each of my discipline. So on the business side, I chose I had a media Law class. So I figured with the music industry having a lawyer is really important. So I felt like he was going to be right so he was going to be my core business guy that I would meet with weekly and you know connect with him and then on the music side once I got into the program there was this guy Ron Frangipani who was the professor for all the classes he It was actually John Lennon's arranger. He produced Janis Ian. Yeah, he's a legendary guy worked in the brill building Jeremiah was a bullfrog. I believe he's playing the keys on that. He wrote a sugar sugar honey, honey by The Archies. So he was my music business professor. And you know, I had to do a 30-page thesis, which I did I met with both of those guys and then I also created a business plan of like starting my own. Own record label so I have that, you know to this day which was a really cool piece of you know, I guess memorabilia, but that I can actually apply and use in the real world. So, you know, I graduated but one of the core parts of that experience was getting an internship and I got an internship at Universal Motown records in A&R but Bruce Carbone and shout out to this guy James Eichelberger who actually got me in the door. So those two guys I interned with her about Year and that was really the start of my career and how I got into music yeah, wow, that's crazy that's an awesome story. I mean just piecing together the major I think is a key takeaway for anybody listening who's like, hey man I want to do this in college but like how my school doesn't offer it like that that's a great little hack if your school allows it so yeah and I think in retrospect it's almost Most a testament to the music business to you have to be relentless, right because it's like I didn't like take no for an answer. I was like, it's under my nose. It's right here. I'm going to figure out a way to make it work. Yeah, I mean I had I had a similar experience the first school. I went to manhattanville college. I went to school for music industry. They had a course, excuse me. They had a program and I went in there but all of a sudden I'm taking Theory courses and it's like crazy hard and I'm like, yo, I don't want anything to do with making music. That's not my forte. Like I'm not trying to be in there, right? No, it sounds good. And I want to work on like the business of marketing side. And so I ended up having to drive those music classes and then I didn't even know the of the school that was down the block which is SUNY Purchase and that's what crazy transferring to and you know, they had a huge they're a huge music and art school. And so that was a great move for me. And then once I was there, you know, they had just launched an Arts Management program. It was like all of the Arts kind of encompassing that but that was perfect. That was like right up my alley it was and I had taken a bunch of like business and economic class economics classes. So yeah, it was my minor and it was like boom here we go. And I had to do the same thing. I wrote like a 25-page thesis paper on like starting a music website that I was working on at the time and yet had to meet with a couple of different professors. So it's funny that you know, the pastor similar just a couple of years apart. Absolutely. The that's what was it. You said it ended up being Arts management. So it was you know, very good. Yeah, there was a lot of like fundraising classes, you know, it was like, how did the art? You know, how do you raise money for the Arts those 6th grade which is like super valuable and just like you said like writing a business plan for the thesis. Like that's that's weird. Right one-on-one. You know what I mean? It's like you're going to do that. You know, I've done I've used that same template just like you said, I still have that exact same thing and I've used that like several times some of the projects. You know that I was working on is just like a jump starter for everything. So yeah, it's great great reference point access. Absolutely. So yeah from there you went, you know you and on to work from Universal and then obviously you spent a really long time over at Warner. Yep, you know and you worked on a number of different projects you worked under some legendary guys, you know, what was you know your fondest memory while you were working over there? Yeah, I mean sire, you know and Warner were great companies just as an employee and for me personally, you know after my internship at Universal Motown I saw what anr was it was the lifeblood of the music business? Like I said earlier, there was no American Idol none of this stuff that really glamorized what A&R was so when I had this internship I was like this is what I want to do. But of course, especially now everyone wants to be an a in our everyone thinks they can be an A&R. So, you know, it's a really challenging and tough area to get into so I was I was done in for that but you know after graduation couldn't find a gig in A&R. So I went over to Sony did that for about a year and a half. I was in the advertising department and then I went over to I kind of Switched Apartments. It was all under creative Services. I moved into video production and like I said earlier, I can't sing or play an instrument, but I On paint I'm like very visual so I felt like if I couldn't do a and our video production would be something that I would really be, you know happy about especially growing up like, you know with MTV and all that stuff. That's where I really discovered my music. So and also it's the single to all the songs. So that was really my logic to that. I was going to meet a lot of A&R people and through that process. That's how I met a bunch of A&R people. They sort of you know, I was doing informational interviews one person referred. Me to another person they kept making good Impressions and then one day it's ruined Bree Greenberg was I think she's Metallica's Road manager. Now she was going on to grad school and we had kept in touch and she thought of me to come over to sire on to work for Michael Goldstone Goldie and then actually I interviewed and Goldie left like a week later to start mom and pop records. So my friend Brie left to go back to grad school Goldilocks will start mom and pop record. And I don't think there was anyone there working with Seymour Stein who I had met like once previously for like 25 minutes. We did have a conversation and a meeting and interview, but I wasn't really sure he remembered me. So I emailed him and I said, this is really almost one of my font most fond memories. It's just amazing to me that you know, I emailed see more and that's literally how I got the job. He wrote me back typical Seymour. He's like, you know, I'm on a plane about to board a plane. Ooh, the UK give me a call in 10 minutes. I call him. He's like, can you start in two weeks? And that was literally like the best ten and a half years of my life. So yeah, that is really like Seymour is really my fondest memory just being around someone of that stature, you know that even for how you know, incredible and legendary and his status in the business. He's one of the most down-to-earth, you know Executives. He will give you all the time here. Mentored me gave me a lot of opportunity to just kind of learn on the Fly and be myself make mistakes not make mistakes, you know and just give me free reign to you know, grow into an executive and an A&R person and throughout you know, my time. I will say that sorry like, you know, probably some fun all the artists. I was I loved working with I'm really proud of all them. It's hard to pick a favorite. So, you know, I won't name names or say anything like that, but definitely just my time, you know being around Seymour and then got to know Dante Ross really? Well, you know, he's another legendary A&R guy. So just being around those types of folks or were amazing. Yeah. That's the I can just I can feel that that 10-minute call. You know what I mean? That that you had right that you got the job and somebody's like yo, can you start in two weeks and like as somebody who's very new to the industry that's like oh you're in You're in that mode. Yeah that you get that opportunity. That's like the best feeling in the world. And then you go on to like have it lasts way longer than it normally does for a lot of people. So that's Yat-sen and a half year run in and ours is pretty unreal. So I've been super blast and it's been amazing. That's awesome man. That's awesome. I will appreciate you sharing that now, you know, hopefully we can get to kind of talk a little bit more about you know, some of the things that you did learn You know on the job, you know, because I think that's that's super important for you know artist yet listening those people that are just starting out and I kind of just want to start right there at the top. You know, like what do you tell artists that are just starting out about how they should and are their own projects, you know, given that they're mainly doing everything by themselves, right? They gotta, you know record themselves for the most negative right record figure right music and you know manage themselves all these other things but obviously it starts with the music. So, you know, how do you you know, what? What advice do you give them about how they should be developing their sound when they're first starting out? Yeah, I think you know it's being true to them who they are. And I think a lot of times especially this day and age musicians are really fortunate that you know with the laptop and all these production programs. It's pretty easy to record. So I think now that's why you're seeing you know, this explosion of of artists and explosion of distribution platforms and stuff because there's just so many artists which on the flip side makes it really hard for A&R people to cut through the noise, but I think if you're just Just starting out as an artist, you know, it's like getting quality songs that you feel comfortable about getting out into the marketplace. When you feel it's ready to be put forward, you know, there's outlets for you. You can go to tunecore you can go to district ID. You can go to SoundCloud. So I think it's you know, just getting your projects in the beginning stages to where you feel they need to be and they're ready. And then from there, you know, it's it's a question of like how You know you want to take this like if you're getting some noise and traction, maybe you don't have a manager. Maybe some blogs are starting to pick up your music. Maybe that's when you want to start building out a team. But you know in the beginning stages, I think it's just stay true to yourself record the best possible music you can put it out with the access that's out there and you know, if you can promote on Instagram and Twitter and YouTube, these are all tools to kind of start get the ball rolling, but I do believe you have to kind of put it out into the universe. Reverse to like don't be too precious on it, right? Yeah. I mean I'm big on that when you when you're first starting out like I just talked about that a couple of weeks ago and one of the episodes like in the beginning of focus should be like quantity over quality, you know, not not to say that like you there should be zero quality. They're obviously there needs to be a certain level. But like the only way to find what your quality level is is to put out enough music to say, all right, that sucked. You know what I mean? Like I have to do better. Right right, you know, I think even to Point that the quantity of it could be just like, you know recording a ton of music and just write playing around with ideas and Dumber. Yeah, keep it to yourself and then you know go through that sit with that bring people you trust in, you know, and maybe bounce some stuff off of them and get some feedback on what are the best, you know, three to five songs and then write narrow it down from there. Right? I think that's a perfect segue into the next question. You know, when people are just starting out. What's the best way for them to actually like find music earlier. Lyrics, you know if they if they don't do either one of those things themselves, right? If you're a hip-hop acting about a producer like where should people go to find music if you're a you know a songwriter, but you don't really have an artist's you know that you work directly with you know, where should people look you know, who should they talk to you? How can they find these certain trends of things that make sense for them to pair up with? Yeah, I think you know it's an interesting time because I think everyone knows someone that records or writes music. So I think when people are starting out it's like the circles and their friends right? It's like, you know your friend of a friend my do music and you know, you do music so you might know that person or you might get an intro to that person and just kind of connect and touch base and Vibe and, you know record something and maybe it works. Maybe it doesn't You know, that's one way kind of just the in person mode and through your friends circles. I think you know, you've seen it in hip-hop all the time people just on the internet on Soundcloud on Twitter, you know, reaching out to people and people collabing halfway across, you know, the us or the world. So that's another way. But yeah, I think it you know, it's just it can come from anywhere. So it's really really hard to say, but it's you know, you check your circles and then I Nowadays to almost everyone's a huge fan of Music whether it's you know combing Spotify playlist or whatever, but I feel like young kids really like know what's going on in music. So a lot of times they have pretty good taste. So they might you know know a sound that they are kind of going for targeted producer that maybe they think they have no shot of connecting with and maybe they go for it and they connect with them and produce your legs their music. There's all different levels and all different scenarios. But I think that's the best way, you know, it's just start with your circles, you know kind of where your anr hat and go out and about online searching and then you know, the other obvious one is like, you know local Studios and stuff in your area if you have some money and you have what you feel is a collection of, you know songs demos that you're ready to record you, you know you Reach out to them and book a session and you know get something on the books and actually record it as well. That was so yeah, there's all different scenarios for sure. I think another great one to that. I just remembered about that I think is often overlooked. Is that really just using you know, you talked about using the internet as a tool a second ago, but I think really, you know on the local peace like checking out local venues as well and going and looking at their Wonderful, it seemed different shows that way you kind of just get an idea of who's in your area, you know, and yeah, you're free. Right, right. Yeah, I think you know everything you just said was was perfect. And this is like another layer to it. I think that goes along with like going to the studio, you know and finding out who the local total Arc is just like you said when you go and you pay the engineer to record you he's going to be a good. Yeah. I know like five other people that do the same thing and it's just about building that relationship. Yep. And then it becomes very incestual and bizarre. Yeah. Yeah, the circles are very thin. So it's kind of weird and cool. Yeah. Yeah for sure and it goes back to that other point you made in the first question is really like, you know, you just have to get out there. You gotta just do it. Yes put stuff out there and then things start to come to you super Gallery in kind of in that same vein. Once once the ball starts rolling a little bit you you know an artist is able to record a couple of songs put a few things out, you know, obviously they start to work with a few more people and if they go to a studio maybe they're working, you know with multiple producers or there, you know, if they're a hip-hop artist, you know, they're working with multiple producers online getting different beats from right. So kind of Wanna Talk About technical side of that for a second, you know, because I know that you know, your background is in this as well, you know working with multiple producers on a project can definitely be difficult, especially when you start Talking about splits on songs, you know, it's kind of second stages of an artist career after they're starting to get some traction, but I still want to talk about this because I think it's important, you know, what's your advice for artists and managers when it comes to dealing with song credits and points when like things are starting to move and you have some money coming in from streaming. You know, how should those conversations? How would when should those conversations to take place? You know for the people that are in those positions, yeah, I think the earlier the better just you know, so after the fact if something takes off there's no second-guessing and other issues that come about I think, you know from a hip-hop producer kind of side of things. There's always certain areas where you can just do kind of like a buyout and you know pay for the track up front and it's kind of you know, your hands are kind of washed of it as a one-time payment. Um, you know, if you're in the studio You're working with a producer like on the Rock side, you know, you see this a lot. You're not just like one day, you know, it's usually like 10 days whatever usually a producer fee and then usually the producer will get some sort of points and then usually like a mixer will get points. You know, this is more on the major label side, but on the Indie label side, it happens and you know, probably in the Indie World it does to if the person you know has a name. So I think the sooner the better, you know to kind of attack that I think what sticks out and for me more is like the writing credit on if you're in the studio like co-writing. I think you know, you should have a split sheet like in the studio and just make sure you know, everyone is in agreement to who contributed to what and you know, the amounts and percentages. I think you'll be in a much better place going forward whether something takes off or not. But you know, I think this day and age technically, you know. Everyone can receive royalties. So it's almost a necessity necessary thing now. Yeah, exactly. That's why you know, I haven't really touched on that too much and everything that we've been doing but I feel like the it's you know, there are some artists that are starting to deal with those intricacies of like, all right, I'm starting to take off but you know, I really want this project to go but I worked with a couple of people here. So like how should I be handling this situation? And I think what you said is perfect. It's like you want to deal with those things like before the Project comes out so some of these not coming back to you and they're like yo this song did you know 10 million streams? Where's my money? You know, it's like hey, you can record my I think like you can still record the music have all the music done, but it's like really before you release it. Make sure that like, yep everything in the back ends buttoned-up. Everyone's paid for or your greed. I'm like, hey when money starts to come in. This is where your split is going to be and things like that. But yeah, just like you said like the earlier you can To have those conversations the better and in find a manager to like if that's not your will he actually try and find somebody to help facilitate those questions and broker that conversation? Yeah, because because that's also that the other half of it too is just like doing like there's some administrative work that like really goes into that and like conversations that need to happen and nailing people down to like agree the Ensign stuff or just like a Gris via email. So it's like you know that there's some Trace back, you know to do everything. So right. Yeah for sure want to want to switch gears a little bit for those people that are trying to to reach out, you know, things are starting to pick up. They have some good music out in the world get a little bit of traction, you know, what's the best way for artists and managers to reach out to you know, major label and ours or you know, even like big independent label a&rs, like obviously The net is there but what do you think is the best kind of protocol for reaching out to people now? That is yeah. I mean it's you know, everyone's accessible now, it's pretty easy to figure out what everyone's email is. So when I was at Warner people send me stuff all the time unsolicited didn't really know, you know people that were sending stuff but I would check it out. I wouldn't necessarily answer everyone but you know if there was something Thing that I liked I might respond back or you know, I thought there was some potential and something I might provide some feedback, you know, everyone's different. Like I saw with Seymour, you know, he answered my email. So I was like this guy there was no reason he had to answer my email and I just always loved and respected that he would answer anyone's email. Basically. He just loved the music and he, you know loved helping people. So I kind of always, you know in my career tried to do that like just be accessible. And provide feedback, even if it wasn't that great try to find the positive because with music, you know, it's precious it's here to people's hearts. So, you know, you don't want to insult anyone so I would always, you know, try to respond as best I could but that's not everyone. I think the best way to approach it is to be respectful. If you're going to reach out you might want to try to just like introduce yourself and say like You know, you have one artist you have a roster of artists from a certain area your specializing in this kind of music and then maybe ask them if it's okay to send the music and if so, you know, what are their preferred link? So this way at least you're kind of opening up some dialogue and if they do respond then it feels more like it was an actual interaction. And then yeah, then you kind of get a lay of the land from them what they prefer they might right back, you know, we don't accept stuff. Please don't send me stuff or they might say Hey, you know send me a SoundCloud of your best three songs, or I prefer YouTube. So I think just opening up that dialogue and being as professional as possible rather than just like jamming down, you know, 7mp MP3s that that's the worst thing the worst thing you can possible possibly do is send like seven, you know to mp3s 1 and B 3 7 mp3s and not only have like that person who you you know, I've seen emails where it's like every major label A&R on the email and it's like so interpersonal and like so silly like, you know, if you're gonna do that like at least individualize it and reach out to each one, you know, take some time and effort, but that's absolutely the worst thing you can do but I always say just, you know, try to be personal personable try to establish a relationship because it's a relationship business and then from there, you know music a lot of it as a First thing to you know, if you send a couple of things that are decent this A&R person might be like, hey this guy or girl has great taste or I really like the things they're sending me, you know and open up the door for more stuff. But you kind of have to establish that relationship first and foremost to even expect a response to you. Might as well start there. It won't start. Yeah, my bad. Give me give me just one second. My headphones just go just kicked me out of here. Sure. You got me. I got you. Yep. Okay, cool. Appreciate it. Yeah, so I think that's I think that's often overlooked. Right so many people are just like instant gratification and and like honestly people just don't know right they just think like, oh, I need to hit up exactly like here's the stuff. That's why I want to have these sorts of conversations because I think that's such a crucial point that people Overlook. It's about building the relationship. It's not about sending them your music. You know, but in all honesty, I think like at least it starts somewhere the good ones. You know the good artists and managers learn from their mistakes. Like I did that to you know what I mean? When your kid you get like some people's emails, you know, and I try and hit up my paper like sending away too much information and sending it the wrong way and not really trying to build a relationship, you know, and then slowly learning, you know, one or two people hate you back being like yo man, send it shorter or send it this way that you start to tweak it, you know, but but the big takeaway that you learn after time is, you know to really about developing that relationship and understanding that You know, you should be playing the long game, you know, if you sent them they're not really feeling but just like you said they're like, okay, like I don't really feel these songs, but there might be something here that in our may want to build a relationship and you know, maybe it takes a year before you send them a great record in there like either want to sign you or they want to give it to somebody else and then it becomes a huge hit. So it's about just trying to establish the relationship. Like you said, I think that is such a great piece of advice. Right on cool. So now now I want to talk about after all that happens right for those certain instances for those artists that want to take that route and want to you know work with a label, you know, when they get that chance, what are the things that they should actually be looking out for when it comes to working with a and ours in the label because a lot of time within the label system a lot of times people are just like cool I got my goal is just to get signed and I got sign in then then the magic happens, right? That's not really the way it works. Like, you know, you'll get signed you'll get assigned an A&R their job is to help manage your project and make sure that they're reporting it to the label and you know dealing with the relationship between your band and your group or you as an artist in the company, you know, but what are some of the things that artists should be looking out for once they do sign for those people that like may not know who their A&R is going to be, you know? Yeah, how should they? How should they make sure that they're going to be working with the right person? Right. Yes. So I've never been in the situation where like something was assigned, you know, usually anything that we were going after and that we did did ultimately sign. You know, I was the A&R person on but I definitely heard stories of maybe an A&R person leaves or maybe you know, it was I don't know a high up person that signed it and then, you know ended it off and gave it to someone but I would say, you know, it's really about About them understanding, you know your music who you are as an artist your goals your team. Sometimes it's almost the reverse of that like, you know, I think the artist has to realize that signing a deal, you know, it's basically Ground Zero like yeah, you got signed. That's great. Got all this success may be independently, but now that you're signed internally you're competing, you know with the top dogs. The label pop at you know, whatever is really sewing. You know, that's that's the priority. So you're kind of like, you know in that in that pain now and you have to really make a name for yourself again and get the attention of the building. So, you know, the really good and our people are the ones that you know how to work the project can manage the expectations of the artist, but then know how to work the building because a lot of times the building isn't really checking on what's Happening it's the anr person's job in the marketing person's job on the team to really alert everyone what's happening and there's any key indicators and things going on where the label should take notice and maybe open up a budget for something else. So it's really just, you know, managing those expectations on both sides and and working, you know hand-in-hand together to push each other, you know, as far as you can go. Yeah, I think that the great insight there is really knowing all that information before you sign, you know, because then you have those like questions to actually ask the person before you're going to sign like, okay. So like are we going to be a priority who's going to be working our project? What is the role at? What is your vision, you know for us in the next six months to a year. Where do you think we can be you know, what is going to happen right in the label because I think you know people that Not if they don't know that question to ask them they tend to get lost in the mix, right and then just like you said yeah hired somebody else comes on and gets shuffled around and now you're dealing with somebody that's like working your project. That doesn't know you doesn't know your sounds can't work the building and you were like yo what just happened here, you know, so also to that point which is a great point. I think sometimes too. It's not not always the an are person that changes. Sometimes it's the regime change. As well, you know the highest people change and that can be, you know, a fact or two, you know, you might have been a buzzing artist. You went around did all the Realms did all the right things ask the right questions that with each label and then, you know chose one and then there was a reshuffle and that higher up person's gone and there's a whole new priority, you know and signing schedule. So it's tough It's a lot of it's still, you know comes down to timing and luck and you know riding that wave. Um when you got something really going on. Yeah, and when that happened to yeah, and at the end of the day, I think you know just like we started out in the beginning like it comes back to the music and like if you can just focus on making like great records and work with other people on your team that can handle those situations then you know, you're doing all that you can you know, you're making great records. You're putting them out. You're really trying to build up your fan base and working with them directly, you know, if you're doing those things. Seems like it'll fall into place and like if things don't work out at a label like, you know, you still have the fans and you can still put out music and make money and work with you know, independent and ours and like hire a and ours for your own team in label. And and so, you know, I just I think it's important for artists to know that like signing with a major isn't the end-all be-all, you know, there's there's other ways to work with it in ours. There's other ways to you know, continue to you know, build a career Totally absolutely. There's a lot of tools and platforms out there to be Savvy and have success. Absolutely. Well, yeah, we're about you know coming to the end of our time for the combo and yeah, just wanted to kind of get in the plugs as we always do at the end here. So, you know, what are you working on now, you know personally for the projects that you have that you're like super excited about and you're ready to jump and everything for the new year. Definitely. So I just helped A&R De Niro / are amazing rapper from Charlotte North Carolina who I signed when I was at Warner. He just dropped an independent project called soul to soul food. So I just helped onr that so that was something really cool just dropped last Friday to 21. So that's been great. I've been managing a couple of artists of this been the bonds from New Jersey that Ico manage that About can't really announced yet, but there's a deal in the work. So, you know, that's really exciting. They've actually find somewhere but just cancer where and got that going on in our Consulting this amazing singer/songwriter female vocalist called Gina Brooklyn. She's going to be playing music expo at the end of March. Let's set. This was in our worldwide company and Conference, which is really great and Great platform for artists and in our people attend that so it's amazing platform and I just launched a artist development and management company called GOP place. So all of that kind of falls under, you know this umbrella of be managing artists and developing artists and independently a touring project. So really excited about that. That's awesome. That's awesome. And you know, do you have a spot for people to reach out to you for the for the EOP this stuff for? Any artists that are listening. Yeah, maybe I said some stuff. Definitely, it's just Eric at yo, peep pep this.com. Perfect. Perfect. That's awesome. And then lastly this is the new phone question that I'm throwing out there, you know, obviously we have in addition to the podcast. We also have a course that in online course that I teach called how to get playlist in 30 days really showing people how you know find and build their audience, you know, get shows get pressed and then ultimately get playlisted so - this one question, you know, what would the name of Eric? Mcclellan's, you know personal playlist be Men, you know, it's a good question. I haven't thought too deeply on it. Now. It could go to a baseball kind of reference. It could go just super easy being yo pizzas for the plug. I think I'm I'm actually going to go with though. So as a baseball guy my I have an LLC and it's called Squeeze Play LLC. So I think my personal playlist would be Squeeze Play it still still if I love it Squeeze Play. Yes for the non baseball fan. So it's sort of like a do-or-die, you know situation. You've got a runner at third the Batters up they bunt as the runner on third is kind of running home. So if you missed the bunt, the runner usually gets thrown out if you do bunt it and execute it a run scores and it's a you know, a well-oiled play. So yeah, that's that's what I think I would call it Squeeze Play. That's dope man. I love it. All right. Well, hey, I appreciate the time and you know, hopefully we Can thanks Mike this again in the future? And you know keep yeah. Yeah for sure that information soon and Absolutely. Thanks man. I appreciate I mean good luck with this as well. Thanks. I appreciate it.