Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard onOn Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend fast. This is an important topic because there's some misconceptions about extended fasting that I want to clear up. So this week I'm talking all about extended fasts what you need to know before you start one how to hang in there and not quit while you're on your extended fast and most importantly how to break and extend it. Fast so let's get started. Hey everyone, welcome to the old mad Mama podcast. My name is Marty mess you be and this is your resource for everything. Oh mad intermittent fasting and health. Oh man stands for one meal a day. It just means that you eat within a one-hour period in fast for the remaining 23 hours of the day. There are so many different ways to fast and we'll talk about those on this podcast. I have learned so much from my own o'madden intermittent fasting journey, and I want And to share with as many people as I could so I decided to start this podcast. I also love talking with others who have Incorporated o'madden fasting in their life's journey, and I'm hoping to share their stories on this podcast as well. I found old mad and fasting and it completely reprogrammed my relationship with food while getting me in the best shape of my life. I'll be sharing my journey advice recipes and tips that will keep you successful on your own manager. Ernie to a stronger and healthier you this lifestyle has changed my life. So keep listening. It may very well change your life to Extended fasting is when you fast longer than 48 hours not to be confused with alternate day fasting where you're alternating the days when you eat, so Maya Kazi home. I am now proud to call a friend and in an all-around amazing. Seeing inspirational woman. Does this type of fasting regimen so you eat one day and then you fast the next and you eat the following day and then you fast the next and so on and so forth. If you aren't already following her you need to she gives really great fasting advice, but I digress so extended fasting should not be confused with alternate day fasting. These are two very different things just because you you actually fast one full day. Day, that's not really considered an extended fast. You really have to go beyond, you know, once you start hitting 40 to 48 72 hours or so, those are more known as extended fast. So if you've been following or listening to me for a while, you've heard me talk about extended fast and how beneficial they are to the body after building My fasting month. I started doing extended fast at one point. I was doing extended fasting about once a week and I always felt clear-headed. I had amazing energy and I felt my best when I was right in the middle of an extended fast. I had so much energy. You think I took a Red Bull or something. I mean, I was working running errands just moving and I loved it and I was so focused I started Off doing it for the weight loss, but then ended up really loving it because of the advantages that came with extended fasting extended fast allow you to reach a certain level of cell Rejuvenation otology increased growth hormones and that promotes lean muscle and fat loss. So extended fasting is pretty beneficial all the way around now another benefit of extended fast. The loss of Cravings at least for the time. I was on The Fast and I have a really and I say this all the time I think everybody knows that I have a really bad Sweet Tooth and I would crave all kinds of sweet treats, especially when I started out but over time I noticed that my Cravings began to decrease and I could I could actually go for days without having something sweet and and I was all right. I I feel cranky or anything like that. I am really it. I really experienced an amazing sense of self discipline. We reduction and cravings and just overall health. Like I was really feeling great. The other thing I've learned to appreciate and really love about extended fasting and really fasting in general. I should pause here and say right now I don't do as much as I actually don't do. Any extended fast anymore? Because I'm at my goal weight. I've actually exceeded my go away. So I'm no longer doing extended fast. But at the time what I really appreciated about it was that you can just get up and go and really now I it's the same because I just do my 23:1 and I know most of you who fast will find this to be true is that you really just get up and go you're not worried about you know what you're going to Half a breakfast or what you're going to eat throughout the day because you're just, you know, you just get up you get your things done. You get your errands done, you know these days. I do dinner laundry house cleaning everything and it's crazy the amount of energy you have to just keep going. And so I also remember when I was doing extended fasting was that staying up to staying up late to work? Work was not a problem back in the day when I had to stay up and work on a project or something. I'd have all the snacks on the desk chips chocolate drinks all kinds of foods just munching just munching away and now even though I'm not extended fasting but I still fast my I still do my own mad. But if I have to work late or if I'm working on a project late at night. There no bags of chips or chocolate or anything. They're note. There's nothing really. I just don't even think twice about it. I'm just plowing through my work and I'm running on pure keytones. It's amazing. I do talk about the benefits of fasting in Greater detail on previous podcast episode. So if you're interested in that just scroll right on up and you will find the episodes where I talked about the benefits of Of fasting and and so on and I also have a lot of information on my website you so you can check that out www.edmodo.com and you can always check out the Instagram page. There's lots of there's lots of information on there as well. So, how do you prepare for an extended fast? What do you need to know before you start first? I would suggest you have worked your way up to a longer fast before diving into an extended fast. If you haven't fasted for longer than 20 plus hours. You might want to work your way up to a 24-hour fast or 36 hour fast and see how you feel. See how your body responds. This is the same. Advice I would give to someone who is interested in doing o mad. It may not be that easy to just fast for 23 hours in the day and wait to eat for one hour in that day. That's not something that everybody can do unless you kind of work your way up to it. Now some people just do it cold turkey. It's super easy. It's not a big deal. But for most people it's a little bit of a challenge so I would offer the The same advice I do for those interested in doing oh mad kind of work your way up, you know start with a 12-hour do a 16 hour do an 18 hour and and work your way up to longer fast. And before you know it if your goal is to do an extended fast a longer fast, you can you can actually work your way up to doing that and and be very successful at doing it in preparing for an extended fast you also I want to make sure you're mentally prepared going for an extended period of time without eating can be a real stress to your body mentally and physically while you might see others online going on about how long they fasted. It really takes time to get there. You don't want to jump into it and then quit because you're not prepared. So that's another really good piece of advice is don't don't get so bogged down in what other people are saying and doing online extended fasting is really not something that you can decide to do overnight. You really do have to work your way up to that extended amount of time. And so you want to be mentally and physically ready and prepared to tackle that and take that on. I want to spend a little more time on talking about being physically prepared and physically well to undergo an extended fast. I always have to put in a caveat when discussing these issues because I am not a medical doctor so I cannot provide you with medical advice nor should you use my podcast as your source for medical advice and I say that after the podcast episode is over, but I felt like I had to say it here to the only thing I Advise is for you to seek out medical support and medical opinion. If you think you might want to do an extended fast, but you are unsure of your health situation and I say this because the other benefit of extended fasting and even fasting just just fasting in general is the benefits to your health to your overall health fasting has been shown to improve. The risk of or to decrease the risk of diabetes to decrease cardiovascular disease. It's been shown to improve brain function. So all the types of really good health issues fasting is really up there and really supportive of of your health, but you still if you do have challenges with your health, like if you are a diabetic or you're having heart problems or If you any anything cancer, whatever it is, I would strongly recommend that you seek medical advice before fasting before and definitely before extended fasting you want to definitely make sure that you seek medical advice before starting on any Journey like this. You might actually find that your doctor Works hand-in-hand with you on this many more in the medical community. Are coming on board with the intermittent fasting train and and they're suggesting it for their patients. So don't be surprised. If you tell your doctor you are an intermittent faster and might be thinking about extended fasting don't be surprised if they are a proponent of that and just trying to really help you navigate what that looks like. Okay, what about food? What should you eat? If you're planning an extended fast, whether it be for 48 hours 72 hours or 96 hours you need to make sure you plan accordingly when it comes to what you put into your body before you begin. Your best bet will be to go for foods that are rich in nutrients filling and satisfying this will sound like a broken record. Grade because it's also the same for when you're doing a regular fast as well. You'll do better on your fast. If you choose whole real foods that are high in good complex carbohydrates things like brown rice beans Multi Grain breads legumes spinach fruits, and I can go on and on focus on things like avocados and coconut oils and ghee And nuts eat all the meats, but try and cook them in some good oils like like avocado oil or ghee and and this actually this reminds me of a post. I put up the other day on my Instagram page of a meal. I had I think it was a huge squash salad. The one I love from Costco regular followers, you know, the one I'm talking about I could eat that salad every If I had to it's filled with pecans cranberries feta cheese and squash all topped with a white balsamic vinaigrette. It's so good and I always add, you know some avocados or some meatballs and we love meatballs in our house and I actually make them out of ground beef. I roll them in some ghee and I use the airfryer and then I think I topped it with a fried egg. I mean When I tell you I'm getting juicy mouth just thinking about it. When I tell you that this is my go-to meal. I could literally eat that every day. It's it's really really it was it was really good. But anyway again, I digress I'm I said all that to say a meal like that is a really good starter. I think for someone who's getting ready to start maybe like a 48 hour. Answers or something. It's really filling and the the most important part of that meal is all of the ingredients that are in there. You've got really healthy fats. You've got you've got grains. You've got vegetables. You've got, you know, really good meats and things like that and and that's going to fill you up and keep you satiated and it's going to fuel your body to use energy. Be more efficiently. I also sometimes play around with what I add in there some days. I might add some Haitian Rice or some red barley rice some other days. I might add some multigrain bread. But either way it's a super great meal and it's so yummy so you can give that a try. Okay, so we talked about what extended fasting is the benefits of extended fasting and what you need to know as you prepare to Fast now I want to get into how to hang in there and not quit when you are when you're on your extended fast. So you've prepared your mind ready your your body's ready. You feel good your positive energy you ready to go, but you get to day two and you're like, I don't think I can go on. The first thing you want to do is make sure you have been getting a lot of water. Do not guys, please do not do an extended fast dry and buy dry. I mean no water no tea no coffee and nothing like that. Just completely dry. Just nothing no water anything because that's that's not safe that's actually will actually be detrimental to your body. You want to make sure that while you're on your face you're drinking plenty of water. And you're also adding salt and electrolytes in your water. Now many of you have heard me talk about this previously. You want to have a lot of water and you want to hydrate your body you want to have sea salts nearby. I personally like to use the pink Himalayan salt which I love and which work really well, but they're they're really not that different from regular sea salt so you could use that the other important ingredient or or tool that I want to have is your electrolytes remember that when you don't eat you lose important salts, your body is excreting a lot of toxins, you know, your your body is breaking down cells and your excreting all those toxins and all those broken down cells that you don't need but you're also losing important salts that your body needs to maintain its homeostasis and so to balance this Out when you are when you're on a fast and when you're especially on an extended fast, you want to make sure that you take your electrolytes and that you replenish with salts that are lost when you are fasting. Some side effects that you might feel and experience when you are extended fasting that might have you running to the ills things like constipation. You might experience some constipation extended fasting May sometimes cause constipation, but in order to help with that, all you have to do is take some magnesium and and that can be taken every day. I use a magnesium powder which contains no sugar so it doesn't My fast even though I don't extend fast anymore. I still on occasion several times a week will do the Magnesium powder just to keep me regular and just to make sure that I'm getting the the vitamins that I need for my body. You want to find some support find some other friends maybe on Instagram or some other people, you know who are living an intermittent fasting life and are also So looking to try extended fasting this may be something that you'll be able to try together fasting together is always better than fasting alone. Especially if you're trying to do an extended fast so link up with some people online who you think may be doing extended fasting and say hey, let's do this together and you can hold each other accountable. That's always really helpful. Stay busy. Now. I talked about this earlier if you are. Busy, your mind is busy. If you remain idle you'll just be thinking about food and what you want to eat and you'll be tempted and I have to have this and I have to have that if you're focused and you are busy doing stuff. Maybe you're at home doing stuff around the house cleaning. Maybe you are at work. Just keep your mind and keep yourself busy. So you're not thinking about food and you're not tempted to grab something. Now the last part about that is to really listen to your body. I know it can be difficult. Especially if you are just if this is new to you if you are extended fasting, you know, you've never done it before and you started and you really feel like this is not for me. I can't go on please guys. Listen to your body and this goes for regular fast too. Like if you're doing a 16 hour fast and a tie. Twelve you just feel like I can't do this. Like I have a headache. I don't feel good. I'm feeling dizzy. I've taken my electrolytes. I have to have drunk drank enough water. I've you know done everything I was supposed to do and I still feel like crap then stop stop the fast regroup and then you can start again at a later time. This is not you know, shouldn't be a stressful time for you. This should be something that you maybe are experimenting with or just trying to figure out if it's something that will work for you. And so you have to make it work and listen to your body. If you feel like you just can't go on with it then stop regroup and then think about if you want to continue to do it. Alright, so how do you break an extended fast now this I think is really important. Not that everything I said before. I said but this is super important because this is more than just I fasted for 20 hours and I'm going to break my fast I'm not going to have chips because I don't want to spike my insulin. Yeah, all of that is great. The only difference is when you extend fast you want to be really really careful and how you break that fast what you might end up experiencing if you don't break the fast appropriately. Is What's called the refeeding syndrome where you develop chronic abdominal pain you you begin to feel really sick. You might throw up made have diarrhea all types of horrible events may occur. And so you don't want that to happen. You want to really make sure you end your fast you break your extended fast appropriately. So how do you do that? You start with something light like bone broth. Just chicken bones beef bones. Some people do fish bones anything like that that you can just create yourself. You can purchase it. But something really simple and easy bone broth is the best way to break an extended fast, and then you give yourself some time. Don't immediately eat a huge meal because you haven't eaten for 48 hours, or you have a need for 72 hours. You will regret that guys. Trust me. I'm speaking from experience. So you don't want to do that. You really want to take your time break that extended fast appropriately so that you do not end up getting sick or feeling horrible after. after that extended fast I would also go so far as to say even that first day that you break that extended fast. Don't even after you have your bone broth, you know, and you wait a little bit don't jump into a huge meal really take your time. Maybe have something light a small salad something like maybe a fruit bowl or some bread or something very light because what what's happening? That your body has to get used to getting that food and beginning to digest it again because you haven't eaten for whether it was 48 or 72 or 96. However long it was it was a long time and your body now has to get used to processing that again, and if you just really dig into a huge meal, it's not it's not going to be good guys. So please please if you are thinking of extended fasting You and you don't remember anything else. I've said up to now know this when you break your extended fast, make sure you take it easy on the foods that you reintroduce into your body bone broth is good having some liquids some water some tea some maybe maybe a juice something just really light and simple. And then gradually, you know introduce reintroduce Foods back into your system. Now I do want to stress to final points. You should not use extended fasting as a tool to counteract overeating or binging. That's not what that's about. That's not what extended fasting should be. It shouldn't be you punishing your body because you had a horrible weekend of eating a bunch of crap nor should you eat a bunch of crap and say I'm going to go An extended fast because you know, that's that's not going to work that's really counterintuitive. And it's it's counterproductive is what I should say and that's just not very good for your body. And so you don't want to do that. You don't want to do that. Even if you do a regular fast, you don't want to do that. So we're trying to create healthy choices trying to make healthy decisions fasting is it's all about creating a better you a stronger you healthier you and so having this information will help all of us do that. So I hope this was really helpful for especially for the people who have been asking about extended fasting and you know, what all should I take when I extend fast, but do I need what do I need to know? How do I break my fast? I hope this bit of information has And healthful again. I do have more information on my website on extended fasting. I also have some information on my Instagram page. So feel free to go on there and and find me and find more information there. Well, we've come to the end of another. Oh bad mama podcast episode. Thank you so much for listening. I hope you found this information useful, please. Don't forget to share it with your friends, please also subscribe rate and leave a comment. It really helps others find the podcast. Please remember that this podcast is not to be used as your source for medical advice. If you have any medical questions or concerns, please contact your doctor. Or medical provider. And before you go check out the old mad Mama website at www.madamebridal.com Jovani and loads of information on intermittent fasting. Oh mad tips and tricks on how to begin your fasting Journey. You'll also find the old mad Mama blog where I talk about my journey as well as the latest intermittent fasting news. You can also always find me on Instagram @ o madam her score Mama underscore love or you can send me an email at Marty M. AR TI e @ o mad Mama.com. I'd really love to hear from you.