Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm in 1998 that number Rose to three point six years in 2014. The average was 4.6 the myths about Millennials changing jobs. Every year isn't true. If anything. It's the opposite feel free to take that information to your next family holiday gathering. The classic definition of job hopping is changing jobs everyone two years while the recent recession and cycle of layoffs have made it less of a deal-breaker. To have periods of unemployment or short job 10 years on your resume employers are still wary of candidates who seemingly have had a lot of jobs, but still have little experience with a gig economy and contract work two years. Maybe a very long time in one place said heart each person in company will Define it differently. It used to be if you change jobs every five years you are considered a job Hopper today that might make you the longest tenured employee at Places to all job hopping is bad. One of the biggest job hopping myths according to Amanda Augustine career advice expert at top resume is that all job hopping is bad are created equal. This is simply not true. She said your field and the stage of your career will have an impact on how employers will view your job hopping history. For example employers expect professionals to do more job hopping at the earlier. Out of their careers when they're still discovering their career path employers are less forgiving of most mid or senior level professionals who appear to be serial job Hoppers hard seconded the idea that not all job hopping is bad. In fact, he said that for some job hopping is the best career move since it allows them to learn new skills and be exposed to new ideas and people he added that it also gives people an opportunity to find a fit within a short time you'll And what you like and don't like about a job and all company. He said once you found the right mix you'll probably stay for quite some time three-point staying at the same job means one is an expert this again does not ring true recruiters often question professionals who work in advertising and do not switch clients or companies every few years as there's a concern they'll lose their Edge Augustine said, however, some employers can siddur job hopping a huge red flag, especially among cells people to them. It could mean that the sales professional was unable to meet quota. The bottom line is to consider any industry specific expectations or philosophies on job hopping before you decide to make the jump best workplace practices to keep employees from jumping ship transparency. According to Augustine the more transparent you can be about company culture the better she added. There is nothing worse than spending time and money to recruit someone who is either a poor cultural fit or has different expectations for the company and the role take your employees temperature know not to see if they're sick but to get a pulse on what's working for your company and what isn't Augustine suggest Employee Engagement surveys and annual reviews to keep the lines of communication open pay your employees fairly. It seems unnecessary to even put this on the list. But you would be surprised harder degree that a lot of companies missed this one people need to feed their families and keep a roof over their head money isn't the only motivator but it definitely ranks high give people valuable work harder it quoted Steve Jobs who once said that he only hired smart people so they could tell management what to do. It makes no sense to hire smart people and then bark orders if people feel their contributions and opinions are valuable. They'll want to work for you. Thanks for listening.