The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm In baseball we just launched that at the end of last year doing some really cool things in baseball where we are taking what we have learned in the Gulf fitting world and applying it to Youth Baseball. So instead of a parent just go in and grabbing a bat off the wrap off the rack because their child supposed to play a drop three, that's what the coach said. You could come in and we test grip strength core strength you hand size and all these things and then use a launch monitor just like In golf to fit them into exactly the baseball bat that is fit for them, and they can bring their gamer in just like if someone was coming to see you to get fit and they swing their gamer and they get an exit velocity of Acts, and then we fit them for a bad and we give them something. That's an exit velocity of Y, which were why hopefully is greater than that amazing. I didn't know that II mean it makes so much sense to me. Just especially in the golf world as a golf fitter with golf club fitter, but that's amazing. I didn't know that was even a thing. So we'll look if we're talking golf the big. Thank you. For coming on the show. I appreciate that. We've been trying to do this for a little while. But I know that there was some product that you're excited about I was excited about and we couldn't just talk about it too early, you know, so now hopefully we get to talk a little bit about that. Of course, I'm talking about Acuras steel will get a little bit more into the I series and all of that but a big thank you because and I think at this point most people that at least listen to my podcast and follow Mel and I on Instagram and follow our brand season tease know that That you are one of our biggest partners and full support and we appreciate it so much that we're getting ready for our first event this year battle to Beach and it's our first event with your involvement. And I know we're going to break it up and this one will be technically sponsored. I guess the hyper-focus True Temper, but everyone knows True Temper, so it'll be cool. It's just an honor to have such legendary Brands and such high quality Brands be a part of our events. That's really what we're going for what we strive for and if it wasn't for I mean, I think I remember you actually kind of reached out to me and that just means a lot to Mel and I and so I wanted to thank you first and foremost for that. Well, yeah, I mean, you know, I think what you guys are doing is really awesome, but I think you know the important thing if I'm speaking strictly from a business marketing standpoint is you guys are connecting with passionate golfers and passionate golfers are passionate about golf equipment. So, you know being able to go out and talk to the people there participating in Seasons these events and are following. These is just a great way to you know to get in front of those people as opposed to, you know, just throwing an ad in a magazine somewhere where there's some guy reading it at the airport who doesn't know, you know a hazardous from a dynamic gold that doesn't do a lot for us. So this is a great way to get involved with a very passionate Golf Community. I'm just waiting for you to sign up for one. I know that I think you've got a team coming to Vegas, but I haven't seen your name come down yet. I'm waiting on that at this point in time. I am kind of weave Lord to be one of the participants in Vegas is good news for everybody else going to Vegas because that means your team can't finish dfl because we will firmly seated in that spot. It's amazing. Well, it'll be a good time regardless. So we're pumped for that one. I know Vegas will be a Project X event which you know, I've got a lot of Project X in my face right now because we just we got those Cobra Speed Zone and speed zone extreme driver demos and you were nice enough to send me some demos of some Project X shape. Laughs for the for the woods, you know, so we got a couple hazardous smoke green. I like that. You did one in the Hulk finish the the PVD and then you got one in the what do you call it? When I asked for him the old man gray. Yeah, we know that is our smoke great finishes on a lot of our smoke product. But on the that part in particular we call it Old Man Gray because there are some, you know Karachi folks out there some Boomers if you will to do not want to use a bright green and blue shaft. So we made the gray one will tell you this that Well, our initial shipment 300 of the PD parts of every weight, but they're all gone and on the gray ones. There's like 298 of each of those left in the warehouse. So you are you are the one that is playing the the great part and not enjoying the PVP part. So I love it. I get to stare at it every day, you know, it's on the wall and now I get to have it in our little Matrix for our events. We got the Evenflo Riptide and Riptides CB which we'll get into but let's just kind of Encompass. What is true Sports? So you've got true Temper everyone knows Dynamic gold. You also have Project X. So we're talking about hazardous in the woods Riptide. You know the Evenflo line as well had what a Project X obviously Iron Chef everybody knows you'll Project X shafts Project X LZ and so on and then this year or I would say not this year, but recently in the last year you've acquired Accra and most recently Aerotech who's more famous for steel fiber. So, can you talk to me and everyone a little bit about Kind of breaking down each brand and how true Sports turned into basically such a majority and I left out graph alloy which we all remember graph Lloyd Pro-Lite from back in the day. It was like the first Shaft I ever had in a 975 D driver, but can we talk about how we came to basically owning every shaft on the wall at any custom fitting Boutique. Well, you make it sound like a 10,000 pound gorilla, which maybe we are a little bit weird, but we try not to act that way. Anyways, yeah, I mean if you wanted to go Way back in the day. I've been at True Temper true sports for it'll be a 19 years next month, but a year before that True Temper didn't own grapple a CO2 temper had a little bit of graphite fix sot I-70 but they were not making waves and what then was the ultra lightweight graphite world as you know 60 grams and there was this little company in San Diego California called grapple oi that was like you talked about what had the pro light and was just absolutely killing it both from a commercial. Shal standpoint, but also on tour was the number one plate kind of ultra light shaft. So true Temple bar graph alloy and it was shortly after that that I came on and started designing the graph away product. So my first all graphite shaft that I ever designed with the grapple a blue which I believe Henrik Stenson they have finally taken that out of play last month or for a hazardous. But you know, that's a pretty good run to being a tour bag for 17 years. So, you know, has it sooner or later almost good things must come to an end. He played it for like I said 17 Is one of British Open with it one very famous in like it's not like they just he did that and nobody knew about it like the 3-wood just became a legend in the fact that it had a graph Alloys blue in it, which I think I had in my driver my freshman year at College which would have been 2004. I mean, that's just that's an old shaft. I mean that is old. Yeah it is and yeah, he actually we have a sign flag from that British Open, you know offices says winning a relic with a relative gravity wave. Forever signed by Henrik Stenson. So it's a pretty cool little piece of memorabilia. We got and then yeah, you know, it's in you know, I'm getting old now so I can take you track of things and be time flies faster than you think it does but it's probably been thirteen fourteen fifteen years. We bought boil Precision which Encompass the Project X brand and so at that time they had some graphite but they've definitely weren't known for it. They were known for the Project X steel shaft a few years after we bought that, you know, the project brand is It's so strong and at such a good following the stronger players. We started making the graphite under the Project X brand instead of under the graph away brand. And then yeah, this year's been a been a whirlwind. We we picked up Acura say we had a partnership with them from a business standpoint for many years. They were actually doing the distribution to all of our premium Club theater. So we would send all the product there. They would warehouse and handle kind of the individual orders that were going out in addition to owning their own Brandon. We've always been very very strong million standpoint and the tour standpoint, but we had kind of a you know, we were pretty focused. Our factories were focused on making case of dynamic gold 20 30 40 thousand of those a day and shipping hazardous by the by the pallet load and so our product, you know a product which was not very wide. Well one thing with Acuras they have a shaft literally for everybody from 40 grams. Mrs. Havercamp 95 years. Oh Mel. Yeah or bounce. I didn't want to say it to you know us open Champions using their stuff. So it was really a good opportunity for us to pick up a company that not only had the product for everybody that would go into a custom Club bitter but really understood what that product line has to look like and what the you know what the custom Club headers looking for so actor I mean obviously with with being graphite what people don't realize is you can make graphite as stiff as any steel out there basically because you get a control how thick you make the graphite how how strong I guess you build up that shaft graphite pound-for-pound is significantly stiffer than steel so you can really make a graphite shaft to stick to the steel shaft at 70 grams. Now at that weight, it's not necessary going to be as low of torque as a steel shaft will be but it would be just as stiff now you can build a hundred and twenty five hundred thirty Grand graphite shaft that is as torsionally stiff and If they're steel you just start to run into some I guess I would say feel issues for better for the better player. You know, most players are using a hundred thirty grams. Dynamical or Project X 6 5 they want a little bit of feedback when they hit the ball. They want to be able to tell I got that a little out of the toe a lot of heel a little thin when you put that much graphite into a shaft. It just didn't any vibration and so you're not necessarily getting the feedback of oh, I got that a little got that a little thing. It's just the ball comes out. Out you're like wow, that's cool early. I'm wondering why and without you know, the ball doesn't leave a mark on the club face. You're not really going to have a good reason good way to understand why that is adding Aerotech more recently. I mean, that's just absolutely massive at this point. You do have every corner of the market as far as shafts Co you know, how long is something like that been in development to where you're like, you know, what time to pull the trigger now, we're just going to basically own everything. Well, I mean, I think with Aerotech was a with a little bit different, you know, a crow was a very strategic Fishing like I said, we've been working with the company that owns a cure has a group called P GMC out of Kingston Ontario Canada, and they we've been our partner for going on four years. So there was a strategic reasons even outside of getting the Acura the Acura branding under our roof that made sense just from a logistical standpoint of shipping staffs all over the world to know to get one shaft to somebody and Sheboygan. So there were a lot of logistical reasons that made sense with Aerotech. That was really the founder of Aerotech has been doing this. For 30 years now. He was just ready to retire. He was ready to go. He didn't and you already had on big have any family that was interested in taking over the business. So that was more just opportunity kind of got out there in the in the golf shaft world that he was looking looking to retire and sell his company and you know, they they're steel fiber technology is something that's very interesting interesting to us. It's extremely unique. There's nothing like it in the marketplace. So that opportunity coming up was just something In want to want to pass on and you know, not only are there. I think a bunch of really cool things that we're going to be able to do on the Gulf side with having a little bit more R&D resource and a little bit more engineering resource than the narrow Tech had there's also a lot of applications to our other sports. I mean, there's you know steel fiber technology looking at that may be branching into some of the things we do when lacrosse Hockey baseball, it's just there's a lot of cool things there that we may be able to take advantage of in the other category writing for these companies, you know, like Accra like let's just talk about a crow specifically all of a sudden they may have resources now that they never even thought they would be for right at this point. You know with as you say the 10,000. What do you call it? The 10,000 pound gorilla which you know, you definitely are but I mean that's like huge for those Brands who already make amazing product. Yeah. I mean it's you know with with the Acura, you know built manufacturer there were they working with that was making all their product. They would send those guys specifications on a shaft and then And maybe five six seven weeks. They would get a prototype back and then they would test a prototype and if it wasn't what they wanted, they would send that back in your television through back and get another one. Well now when they want something they call down to my group and say Hey, you know, for example, we got P V6, but we want to make it just a little bit stiffer in the tip or we want to make it a little bit higher torque or lower total whatever they want to do and they have shafts in two days. Yeah, and so, I mean it just it makes the R&D cycle. Go that much faster, which means you can refine things a lot more because at the end of the day, everybody's kind of working towards a schedule. And so if your look like, hey, we want to launch a new product in August of it takes six weeks to get turnaround on getting new prototypes in and ever forever each week. You make doesn't leave you a lot of iterations if it takes you two days, you can enter a more times than you would need to in a month and be ready to go and same thing even for them with Cosmetics now instead of having to go back and forth and get samples ship from across the ocean they can No, send their designs down to us. We can make in the nine different colorways and send them back up in just a couple of weeks. So those are just a lot of benefit there to effort to them to have their own R&D facility now as opposed to working with a third party manufacturer the right. Well, you knew teed it up. Okay, you mentioned the the the words new product. So let's just go in alphabetical order here. We'll start with Acura something that really excites me. I think everyone's excited about it. And maybe it's a coincidence that you know, True Temper acquires Accra, you know. As a whole and now it's all running under one umbrella. I know y'all did business before together, but that's very different Accra iSeries steel talk to me about it. This was one of the coolest things that I saw when I went up to the little sweet up at the what of the Hyatt or whatever you guys don't don't get a booth at the PGA show. You just get a suite which I love and you know went up there saw the iSeries steel. How did that all come about? What are we going to be expecting, you know with with Accra getting into And I know they've had a steel steel shaft before but under true Sports. What is that going to be about? Well, I mean the Acura the icer is lying is hugely popular actors graph. I line it is no most custom called bidders it is it not the number one Chef Parappa chapping. It is top three and but you know when you get into that hundred and five hundred and 15 gram weight range, the number one than the amount of people that want to play graphite of that way and range that benefit from graphite It That Way range really starts to swim out. And so I mean we started talking about this with the after guy. Before the ink was dry on the contract that we that we were requiring them. And so we wanted to work with them to create a shaft because that matched us steel shaft that matched up to the rest of the I series line and Gavin Robertson who kind of these the co-founder of Accra and who did a lot of their design work and conceptualization. He already had drawing school. He wanted so he came to us and said here's what I'm thinking, you know, if you look at steel shafts, you know dynamic gold and project. Could we take those two shafts the name of gold, you know, really good feel in the butt section and but you know doesn't necessarily have the stability of a Project X, but he said Project X a lot of people say it's too stiff and about it feels harder. So how can we blow those two technologies together? So when you look at an actor steel shaft, it's God. I want to say it's four or five steps in the butt section, but then it's straight take off from there on down which is very unique what they you don't usually see something's either showing taper or step in jail. You'll never see me. Mix ass like that. So what that's done is given us a chef that's often to the hands feels really good but has kind of that stepless project excitability in the tip section. I cannot wait to hit these am I allowed to say that you sent me some well you did Kill. I guess I'm screwed now. It's my last day probably. Yeah, that is actually literally literally the first complete set that anybody on the planet has got no kidding are you that's amazing so I can't do them. Physical Justice because they don't you can't even tell what they are for all I know you just sent me nine steel rods. Okay, because they don't say anything on them. They don't even have the actual the eco-friendly process in to finish that's going to go on these but I feel like this shaft potentially could be made for me. One thing we did with this shaft is a little different than when we do a lot of chefs, you know, usually we make 95 grams RSX 110 RSX 125, but this being a chapter design For the club Fitters the computers don't need that many flexes a damn anyway Ranger. So what we've done is we've done on 105 115 125, but we've made I believe it's 11 length per weight. And so that way there's a ton of freedom for the club bitter to go in and hard step and soft step to fit the player to exactly flexion ball flight they're looking for and that's something that comes from the Acura from the activities line. If you go into the club Champions, you'll see they have the Acura 50i on the wall and about nine different configurations and it's exactly the same shaft. It's just been you know to cut untipped, you know, hard steps off steps longer shorter in every possible configuration where they take this 50 gram iron shaft and turning from everything from a lady's Flex into a, you know, probably a hard regular soft stiff Flex. That's what we're trying to do with the steel that's going to help give this to the Fitters where it's in a wide range of weights and then let them dial in the flex into No, no, you know consumer coming in and saying well that says are on it. I'm supposed to play stiff know it just is 105 and we fit you for what the best best profile is for your game. I love that because we will figure it out, you know, and so many players they do that like you you tell them, you know with the Accra right the iSeries graphite that we have on the wall. We got you know, you were talking about, you know, say like a 50 gram. We got a 50 gram in a very very soft Flex. I guess you would call it M1 and then we have it in M2 and M3. Three and then you've got a 60 gram that we can we have in a stiff and it's just like, you know a certain point. I love handing someone one of those shafts and not getting into that conversation of what flexes it until way later and they're like, you know, they're surprised when you tell them they're in something softer or they're actually in something stiffer than what they would think. Well, here's a great story about preconceived notions on Flex going back again to the graph below blue not to beat a 17 year old dead horse. That's Jeff was really stiff at its time. And so we had Good players that were trying to play to ask what's which is, you know, even back then and definitely not now you don't see a lot of tour players going into something that says ask what we had a couple tour players that needed a graphical we blew our Flex. Well, there is no way in hell any PGA Tour player is going to go onto the range or something that says our Flex honor because he would be laughed off the range. So we made shafts that said s and behind the ass with a tiny little dot like a period the S not about the Lewis Dot was really a graph away our Flex that said as Ice on it and put the dot on there. So our reps would know what chapter was and actually there was a player that want to Major using a graphical a blue s dot so they want to Major using a regular Flex Grappler shaft, no kidding and they didn't know it. They didn't know that it was regular no idea. That's why I'm not telling you who it is because they would now, you know, they may see I don't want him to find out now because it's still be that know they lose they lose their street cred, but they still got the major so it's all right, man. Yeah. Okay. Well Accra, you know with the with the Steel, that's a big thing. And I know there's been a redesign in the iSeries graphite is at just Graphics. You just kind of freshen you up or is there going to be some changes there as well? No, I series is just Graphics. We wanted you know with having the the aqua steel coming out. We wanted the graphics to match that and we just thought you know, you know, just dress the graphic up a little bit and make it a little bit more contemporary the I searched the been out for a while. So that was just a flushing of the graphic on the graphite side. No changes to the the actual structure itself. It's been so successful. That's one of those did the thing broke. Don't fix it kind of things outside of putting putting in, you know, some new makeup on it. Of course. I mean look, if you go to Accra Golf.com and you go to the custom side, there's a little tab up there. You know, I'm on that website, right? I mean, that's my mug. That's my picture. That's my man. When am I going to be on True Temper and project decks? I'm gonna play both the product. I mean Don sponsoring the season P stuff. I've yet to see my picture on any of your social media. So, you know what? I'm gonna buy you got a mug shot. I'll get a mug shot. I think I think I said that you're going to have to you're gonna have to contact King County Washington to get ahold of that. Maybe get a picture and he's shotgunning a beer on the 18th tee and Vegas or something like that. That sounds a little bit more like it will make that happen for sure. So moving on to Aerotech just because I said we're going to go in alphabetical order. Look everyone knows steel fiber, you know shaft that I've had a lot of success with is generate that is not a steel fiber shape. That is a graphite shaft it is it is a all graphite shaft and is still in his filament wound. UND which if you were to take these steel fiber off of the steel fiber golf shaft, you would find a foam around golf shaft underneath it. So it is a filament wound golf shafts bill. So the graphite is made in the same same way as the graphite starts with the steel fiber one of the things with the with the generate though is when you coma wind a graphite shaft you end up with a lot of ridges on the outside and then when you go sand those ridges smooth you damage a lot of the Integrity out of the fibers on the outside with the generate what's on there is there's an To Avail of material on the outside that protect the core fibers so it gets sanded. You don't end up standing those, you know, those fibers that are on there off filament winding definitely has some benefits from a consistency standpoint in terms of rotational consistency. You can do some things with Soma winding the you can't necessarily do with a with a fly trap shaft. Okay, which would be like you're normal like layering of graphite, correct? Like when you're trying to make a shaft. Yeah, and and it benefits both ways filament winding, you know it. I could try to describe it but it's hard. But if you were just to go on YouTube and look up doing the winding videos you would see that you're winding fiber around a mandrel around a cylinder. So you don't end up with any seams anywhere. One of the problems though is when you do that it it's hard to have very exacting material placement or to put material that exactly zero degrees or 15° or 30°. So some of the freedom of design that we have with a with a flag wrapping that we use on hazardous and even flow those kind of products isn't necessary. They're so they're definitely some trade-offs are going between those two processes. Okay now in Project decks, we do have the Hazardous line. There's a few different makes models and then you've got you just you just mentioned Evenflo got the new newly released Riptide which we're just starting to work into our fits and you know, I've been able to mess around with a little bit. I've got an even flow hybrid shaft and my three iron which is a monster going back to like Evenflo black and even flow blue, but can we and the Project X side? Can we or you decipher for everyone the difference in the Hazardous player and the Evenflo player? Yeah, so hazardous was really born and you know that products been around for probably five or six years now. We at the time we're kind of languishing on on the PGA tour. We had a little bit of success with the loading zone shaft, but we were looking at you know, every week we repair six or seven even some weeks in terms of the manufacturer count for how many people how many guys on PGA Tour were using project dick shaft and we went out and you know, we hired a guy who had the rap for the company. That was number one. On the PGA tour in terms of graphite shaft, so it was a little bit more than if you can't beat them join them. If it was you can't beat him go go take care of guy and so he came in and we reviewed all the product with him. And the first thing you said it was your guys's stuff is just too soft. He's and were like, oh man. This is, you know, these are based off of you know, grapple with blue and pro-life 3/5 x and all these shafts of dominated. He's like, yeah, but those were guys who you know, as soon as the round was over we're down in nine scotches and smoking a cigar. He's like now these kids are finishing around and they're heading You know to the physio truck they're going to the gym they're doing yoga and they're just a lot stronger. So we developed the original hazardous on a shaft for these big strong guys who would really aggressive tempos and if you look at the original hazardous black six 5 x that would have been almost a double X close to a XXX and like a pro-life 3 5 world. So it just shows you how much stronger the better player is today. And so that's what hazardous before aggressive tempos really stiff midsection. And designed for for guys like that and but that's not for the majority of the bell curve. Obviously. We're not all you know, six foot two guys 185 miles an hour ball speed like you the rest of us are five nine guys with hundred and forty mile an hour ball speed. So that's really where even pull comes in. It is designed for someone with a smooth Tempo looking for a little bit needs a little bit of help getting the ball up in the air kind of your middle of the bell curve golfer one. That makes sense then I guess maybe I like the Evenflo white and my 3-iron I use it not to I don't really use it as a driving iron. I use it as a club that needs to go nice and high and far in the air and obviously because of Loft and technique I can hit it low, but I would say that like the Evenflo why would be what your firmest Louis launching Louis spinning Even Flow shaft. So maybe it makes sense as to why I do like it. Yeah. The intelliwhite is our foremost part in that even flow line and even if you look at our if you were to go look at our PGA Tour number and break down our graphite. We're probably 65% hazardous admit when the 35% Evenflo branding or Riptide branding every week and a lot of that even blown up tied product does does exist in Fairway woods and hybrids. So it is definitely even at the with the better players that are using it. It's in clubs are looking to get a little bit elevation out of okay. Well, I'm so far in the fitting. I'm telling you now, you're just mentioning like Fairway Woods the riptide CB4 counter counter balance has just been a Slayer in the fairway wood department and You know get a lot of players that I'm getting black in on driver. I'm getting them on the the CB in the fairway wood. So I guess is that kind of how that was designed to complement or is it still kind of for the same person and you just kind of fit one or the other? Well, I mean within with the riptide stuff are really designed to be similar ball flights with counterbalancing if they're being fit correctly. You get a little bit higher ball flight because in general to get the counterbalance to take advantage of the counter balancing and put a little more head weight in and so that's going to help launch the ball. All and spin the ball a little more but you know, there's just a lot of folks out there who like counter balance shafts now be it for adding extra head masks or if they are, you know, trying to build a longer club. And so you almost have to have that counterbalance product in your product line. Now that to being consideration set for the majority of fittings hazardous yellow was that counterbalance is counterbalance now is the small batch because we got to talk about small batch. We got to talk about the difference between like a hazardous yellow small batch and it hazardous. Yellow that would come stock and say like a, you know, a tailor-made driver a Cobra driver Callaway driver. What are the differences? Are they still both counterbalanced? They are stable counterbalance the main difference when we process, you know, when we process golf shafts. One of the big steps is when you take the shaft out of the oven it has marks on it from the sellotape that we used to do the compaction. And so those have to be saying that off and in that standing off process you are changing the frequency of the shaft one of the benefits to our process. In general is we're only standing a couple grams off. So we're only changing the frequency about seven cycles. And that is one pass through our Sanders some of our competitors grind 25 to 30 Cycles off. So one not only the wasting money because they're throwing 10 grams of fat by down the drain. Yeah. The second thing is is I gotta run it through the sander one twice and then maybe it's still a little high on frequency. So, you know, they've got 10 operators and maybe operator 1 fans a little in the middle to get it down operator to the butt end. Greater three run the light pass the whole length. So you get a lot of inconsistency when you put the decision making process in the hands of it into operator like that. But with small batch instead of like lumad do math brush will take a hundred shaft to measure 10 of them take the average and be like, okay, these chefs need to come down six Cycles. Yeah, the nominal spec when we do small batch. We will literally measure one shaft to say that knees come down six Cycles stand for six cycles and pass it on next shaft that when you come down 8 Chuckles okay saying that eight cycles and so by processing each one individually instead of on the average we can get a lot tighter part of the bell curve. The total tolerance of our normal shaft is still very tight. This is just squeezing that tolerance in a little bit. Okay, which is why it needs to be said it cost a little bit more money because there's a little bit more that goes into it and you 100% know you're getting something that to your point exacting tolerances, right? I mean the title $2.00. Yeah, I mean that yeah that mean it's just it's like I said, you know instead of measuring, you know, five or ten to pinch out that of a hundred or 10 shaft out of 200 depending on her bad side. We're measuring every single shaft before and after the grinding process. So it's just it's an additional labor depending on what SKU it is, you know, if it's not something we sell a lot of somewhere else at the smoke green 6.5 PX. We don't sell many other places if the chef doesn't end up in Spec goes in the trash can so. No there's additional. Scrap coughs there as well. So so don't you make gold we can talk a little bit about Dynamic gold because you know, Jenny my goals been around forever. But something that I feel is really unique that y'all are doing now that I feel like should have been done a million times before is binary. So let's touch up on Dynamic gold you kind of have like this that I got a question, you know against the greatest player of all time and how he is just somehow changes swing a million times and still fits into the same shaft because other people are always afraid that if You change your swing you're going to have to you know, I got to get fit for new clubs and all this stuff all over again. So I want to talk a little bit about that and then just touch up on binary and then to be honest. We got so much. So we got to save you know, like let's like we got another pod for some more product coming on down the pipeline. So let's kind of like after this we'll split it. We'll see each other in Vegas and then we'll go from there. Yeah here yeah. So I mean obviously Dynamic gold and it's amazing is dominated the World of Golf for more than 50 years now every week on the PGA tour there are more people playing Dynamic gold and all other shaft combined and I think that's just a you know, it's a statement to that. You know, we found a performance that no one else has really been able to match or replicate a Daniel at a hundred and thirty two grams and there are certainly some, you know, we've obviously tried to make parts to go in and get some additional stuff Dynamic gold AMT, which is now the mt2 or white which kind of follows Dynamic gold that is a little lighter and softer in the Anger flexes and we picked up some players of that product and the other Project X is pretty strong project exhales. He's very strong. In fact, if you look at those four Brands Dynamic gold a empty Project X Project X LZ. They are the number one, two, three and four models every week on the PGA tour. No why and but Dynamic gold is still more than all of our other products combined and everybody else's so diamond gold just it's that type of player and you know in a lot of Aces I think it's a security blanket for a lot of guys like I played dynamical since high school and I know what it's going to do. Every time I swing the golf club I don't need to worry about is this going to change, you know, as I get older younger Dynamic gold is always going to be be the right shaft for me. So I know we have done some things we've done the dynamic Gold Tour issue diamond gold original you could get x 200 and 300 RS 400 which kind of divided in different weights. Well, even within those wait bands there was still being a fairly wide way tolerance of plus or minus a gram and a half with to or issue. We took the each of those S 4 and dividing that into smaller buckets one two or three and now you're when you get your status divided into an even tighter way taller, so that's kind of the difference between a tour issue as 400 and regular S400 is we have sort of them to even a tighter tolerance than they come off the line right? That makes a yeah, which for us, you know, like we only really deal. With Tori issue, you know as far as on the custom build, you know, when you get to a certain point custom build their there's you know, we don't I don't want to say that, you know that the other stuff isn't right for us here stuff isn't good. But at a certain level of what we're doing, we love the fact that that's already been done the weight sorting, you know, you're getting consistent product. Well, I mean you guys are building to a very high Precision level just you know art or UPS or two reps with oems are so you're building to that kind of level and then you know, Or someone that's going into to get you know, spend the money to get custom fit into something of the perfect set of golf clubs for them. You don't want to leave, you know, any question about you know tolerances on shaft. So, you know, it makes a ton of sense there and it was just a way, you know, some of that was already going on on tour before we had to or issue where when we were young players were getting set to built the oems we're going in sorting out shafts. And so that was already something that was happening a little bit on torso just saw an opportunity to go ahead and do that for For the tour players and it exploded to be honest with you. When we first started doing it. I asked our head of product marketing at the time. I was like how many details we need to order? He's like, I don't know man. 10,000 is probably going to last a lifetime of this product and I we've done over a million of them now. So it'll show you we even are even we didn't quite understand at the time how big of a home run that was going to be I was the first set of clubs. I was ever actually fit for at the level of what you know, I do now and what not Dynamic Gold Tour issue as Force so I'm playing X100. Thank you for making me feel very old. Yeah. I've grown I've grown up since then it wasn't too long ago was only like eight years ago. I waited a long time before I really got custom fit for a set of golf clubs like that. But because it's I mean man when you go through that process, you know that it takes a lot, you know, so young in my career and I was like, you know what I'm gonna invest in golf clubs and you know what I got the tourist I felt special when I got the tourist you I was excited that I got fit for those and now here I am playing them even though it seems like there. Maybe a little bit of drama in the bag with these Accra iSeries steal that I'm going to play around with but something would be I mean, I hope you love them. But there has been a lot of drama around a lot of sets of dynamic gold and a lot of bags for a lot of years didn't lose a lot of fights. It's crazy to me. I think the oldest shafts known to man and it still works. It's like, you know, I don't know I was crazy but something that's completely Innovative and obviously it's been done in certain capacities before you don't want to talk about like, you know by matrix. Right word steel and graphite and that's that's not what's going on with binary which binary was just recently announced where you're actually taking a set of irons and iron shafts and you are blending x amount of clubs and there's different I guess levels of this x amount of clubs with graphite shafts, and then the bottom of the bag could be steel shafts and you know kind of just determine where you want to split the bag based on player needs and fit. So how did this come to where you're like, you know we need to do This this is actually going to be a Difference Maker. You know, this is something that both myself and our steel engineer have been wanting to do for a long long time because it just it makes a ton of sense. And to be honest with you. Just some of our previous management didn't didn't feel the same way. And there's also a little bit, you know until we call it five years ago, you know, most people buying their clubs off the shelf, so they weren't getting fit and with binary their decisions to be made about what clubs are going to be graphite and what's called you We steal and so from the just buying clubs off-the-shelf standpoint. You can't take advantage of that because you know from OEM standpoint, you know, they're not going to send. Okay. Here's a set where we start graphite at the 5 and here's one we've got by goes to the 6 and goes to the seven and goes to the aid and not going to send whatever that ends up being five times as many sets to the store. So but now with the Advent of you know, Club fitting and more and more people going to get fit for clubs now binary in a mixed set is a tool for a fitter to use Where they don't they're they don't have to decide between graphite or steel because right now, you know, when someone goes into get fed, they walk out with a set of all graphite or All Steel maybe in a rare, you know and not a rare case, but maybe they have high graphite on the hybrid but they're true irons are still always grab either steal what we've done with buying areas. We made a true match set and this isn't just we took some steel shaft and through the binary name on it. And which is a graphite shaft and put the same cosmetic on it. These shafts were designed to match up to each other. So that is the frequency ball flight swing weight, even though a lot of times a swing away with a graphite in steel shaft. If you were to swap one chap into the other the graph is going to be swing weight a lot lighter than the steel were matched up for that. So this is truly a match set. We just happen to use two materials to do it and then like you mentioned and there's it's not a defined set of not like okay. Here's your three four five or graphite and then six through wedges steel. There's actually overlap. So we have three through eight and graphite six through in steel and So based on the player's performance feedback what they're looking for out of their set of federal can go in and say okay, you know, what for your swing speed what you're trying to do with a 7-iron we're going to pitch in graphite down to the seven with four different players. They may say Hey, you know for you scoring clubs because of your distance really starts at a 6-iron. So we're going to give you Steel in the six and graphite above that. So it's just that it's a really unique story. It's like I said, it's not just throwing the same brand on. Shaft is two different materials and saying they're interchangeable. These are truly designed to be 100% interchangeable. Are we ever going to get to a place and this is the like for me the moment I can figure out how to do this because I get so many inquiries or people go look I can't come see you in a fitting. I you know, I want to see you. I want your opinion, but what if I told you like my swing speed and I sent you a video on my swing and all of this. Are we ever going to get to a point where we can potentially We predict what someone's you know ideal fit is without actually seeing them in person or and and maybe I shouldn't really maybe you shouldn't answer that because it could make a lot of people go. Wait a second. Why are you talking about that? Like we need we need people to come in and see us. I'm saying down the road like I would love obviously to be able to help anyone and everyone just for my phone and say yeah man, according to this, you know, you probably you know, everything you send me you need to be in hazardous smoke green and probably in a sick so, you know, Like that. Are we ever going to get to that point you think? I think they're you know, I think you get to a point where certainly someone could do that like and they wouldn't it be able to probably send you a video and you know, I hit the seven iron 150 because it probably is really just getting 135 and but I think you know if somebody sent you. Hey, this is what I'm playing and here's my poor site information from there from quads you're seeing where their toe and you know, toe heel impacts what they're launching from nation is so you know how they're making contact where they're making What they're launching spin are if someone sent you that data today from from you know, that kind of launch monitor, you could probably make a fairly educated guess and get them will say 80% of the way to the performance. They want you can do anything about whether or not they like the feel of the golf club, but you could get them probably a lot of the way to Performance ability board just based on the fact that you've seen every golf shaft there is so if they tell you their plan Elevate 95r and my ears my spin number of the little high and No, and they you know, and he might be hitting it all over the map on the face and you're like, well that's probably too wide and is a higher launching products. So let's try putting you in a Project X LZ with his got an extra 20 grams and launches a little bit lower and you could probably make that recommendation based based even though no I'm just telling you that but also just you know, you have that data, but you're not going to get any feedback and you're also they're not going to get to try the clubs and see if there's not something about waiting or feel that actually changes the way they deliver the causes of You can certainly get to a better fit than what a lot of kind of online things are now remove a slider bar around that says I get my 7 iron this far and I like this way which you know, I'm not getting can't take too many bad things about those because we have one of those on our website to you have to you would you would need launch. Yeah what you would need launch my at a minimum to do a good job. You need launch monitor and they send back data. Well when I had people send me their trackman data all the time, she see quad data and they're always just like, you know, if I send you all this can you get and I'm like well, if you sent me all of the you know, the session the whole session I could definitely tell you which one's better based on the numbers that you probably might decision probably isn't gonna be any different than the person you actually just paid to go get fit by right so it's like well, you know, don't don't come to me and can confirm these things and I've had that a couple times but I just I to your point, I feel really bad when I tell people like man, this is the shaft at supposed to do that, but I can't guarantee. It's gonna do what it says. It's going to do because you got to go hit it. Yeah, man, we get new on between the various form board and social media and we get a lot of questions about hey, you know in a you know it we're not even lucky enough to get track mandated. It's just like my swing speed is 105 miles an hour Chef cycle like well, okay, what's wrong? All right, first question. What Jack you going now? Okay, what's wrong with the way you hit a nap? Okay, you know and then Advance was like nothing. It's like well, then you're fine. If you can't tell me like I hit it too high. Hi to 200, you know, then it's really hard if it's a little too high or too low. I'm fairly educated on what most golf shafts do so. I can just recommend the opposite, you know, you're hitting an even flow blue too high and you know and your swing speed is, you know, a hundred miles an hour. I'll be like, okay. Well, I want you to smoke black 5.5 because that's the best guess I can make off I play even for blue are and I had to do I let's go so I can make as though I will just keep you in the same flex and give you something a laundress lower. So, you know, maybe there's a day where there's just you know, there's a booth somewhere. At the mall where someone goes in my life still exists at this point in time can go in and swing a driver in front of a launch monitor that shows face and back and then that data gets transmitted to Stephen T's headquarters on the hundred and first floor and downtown New York and you guys are able to do that fitting but until such a time, I don't think internet fittings are really going to be something to get perfectly fit for golf clubs. We will never ever be headquartered in New York. All right, it's too cold for one and rent is too damn expensive. So not happening will come out to San Diego before we do that which we got to do various. I mean, I guess you've partnered up with dog like Brewing Company, which I think is the most fascinating thing ever the fact that you are teaming up with a brewery just shows do you guys have a drinking problem in San Diego? Well, I mean, you know, I think everybody else that the Craft brewery industry here. It is bigger than the golf industry now and that's not a joke or anything. You know, I'm not making fun of anybody. I mean San Diego's number one tourism now bigger than golf. Given the pain Diego Zoo bigger than C world because in Legoland is craft breweries groups come here and they did hotels and there's Services where they just load you up and no bus and I'll drive you around to six different breweries and you go home and throw up and have a burrito and we've got over a hundred and thirty craft breweries in San Diego County. Geez. Okay, there's 20 of them within three or four miles of the office. So it is a San Diego's definitely I know but the problem but we definitely are a little bit obsessed with a craft beer. Are you proud? I mean I lived in Portland for a little bit of time. And obviously they they're pretty high up on their beer and a little bit of everything else. No pun intended with their birthday. Yeah that guy. Yeah, definitely got to go to San Diego just for the sake of it and we'll we'll do that. Maybe maybe I can talk a melon the legend a sneak over for a day while we're out in Vegas or something. We haven't gotten our return flight yet. So maybe we can start. Even give her some custom paint the chaff. So I mean, I know that's important so we can match match shaft to whatever shoes she's wearing at that point in time. You're going to need a lot of shafts to be able to match with your serious. It's ridiculous. So don, I could talk to you all day about this, but we'll just what kind of cut this one where it's at and then we will talk many times, you know, if anything big happens, we'll probably catch up for Vegas probably do a podcast or two out there and see how it goes and get you on video do things and maybe not your golf swing, you know, I don't want you to like ruin your reputation or anything as the The Man Behind true sports, but definitely want to get some content with you out there exposed to bring ends furthermore while y'all are supporting everything we do we can't appreciate enough and I thank you so much for hopping on the show buddy. I've been great talking about it and we'll catch up again soon. All right. Thanks for all your help, man.