This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may rememberEpisodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. That's a n CH o r dot f m-- to get started. Hello, you're listening to a as Mr. Bedtime stories with Alyssa. I hope you enjoy these bedtime stories that I read to you. All of the stories that are found on this podcast are available within the public domain and can be found in their full. To be read close your eyes and relax as I read you a story to sent you to sleep. Sweet dreams. Tonight I want to be reading you. Asteroid Story by Edgar Allan Poe black cat. I thought it would be a good story to read for my first upload because my cat was black as if I got my love. I don't know if you can hear or not, but she's purring very loudly and so I thought I would do a story just for her quite like Edgar Allan Poe. To read some of his works because I think they're little bit intriguing and I hope they give you some interesting dreams that you were asleep tonight. So let's get started. Make sure you're comfortable close your eyes. If you would like to appear in front of me black cat by Edgar, Allan Poe. For the Post while can boast only narrative chili about that. I neither expect nor solicit believe bad deed ib2 expected and I case where I very senses reject their own evidence yet mad am I thought and very surely do I not dream? But tomorrow I die and today I would bring my soul. My immediate purpose is to place before the world plainly succinctly and without comment a series of beer household events and their consequences these events of terrified tortured have destroyed me yet. I will die. Sonic tend to expect them to be they have presented many things seem less terrible than perrault's Hereafter perhaps something intellect may be found which will reduce my Phantasm to the commonplace some intellect more calm logical far less excitable receive Stances, I detail nothing more than an ordinary succession very natural causes and effects. From my infancy. I was noted for the sylheti and Humanity of my disposition. My tenderness are saving so conspicuous as to make a be the chest by companions. I was especially fond of animals. It was indulged by my parents a great variety of Defense. What do you say I spend most of my time and never was so happy as when feeding and compressing them. Purity of character grill with my growth and in my man that I derived from it one of my principal sources of pleasure to those who have cherished and affection for a faithful and sagacious dog. I need hardly be at the trouble of explaining the nature or the intensity at the gratification. That's terrible. There is something in the unselfish self-sacrificing love of a bridge which goes directly to the hard questions that frequent occasion to test all true friendship and customer Fidelity beer man. I married early and was happy to find my wife's disposition not catching it with my thumb. Serving my partiality for domestic pets she lost no opportunity and procuring those of the most agreeable kind of burns goldfish a fine dog. Rabbits a small monkey and okay. This letter was remarkable large and beautiful animal. This latter was remarkably large and beautiful animal entirely black and sagacious to an astonishing degree and speaking of his intelligence. My wife who had heard was not a little textured when Superstition made frequent allusions to the Asian popular notion, which regard at all black cats as witches in disguise. She was ever seriously I mentioned better at all for no better reason that happens just now to be remembering. Pluto that was the cat's name was my favorite pet and Playmate. I loved that had attended me, whatever I want about that. It was even with difficult and I could prevent profile on me through the streets our friendship lasted in this manner for several years during which my general temperament and character through the instrumentality of the fiend and Temperance that I blush it to confess it experienced a radical alteration of the worse, I grew day by day. Miracle regardless of the feelings of others I suffered myself to use in different language with my wife at length. They even offered her personal violence. He's my pet sborz were made to feel the change of my disposition. I don't like the collected used for blue. Gel. However, I still retained sufficient regard to restrain me from now treating him as I made no scruple about treating the rabbits the monkey or even the dog won by accident or through affection. They came in my way. My disease group on me for what diseases like alcohol and that like even when it was not becoming cold consequently, someone pinkish even Pluto to experience the effects of my own temper one night returning all much intoxicated from one of my aunts about town. I fancied that the cat avoided my presents. I seized him when in his frightening my violence inflicted a slight wound upon my hand with his teeth. It's a fiery of a demon instantly possessed me. I knew myself no longer my original Soul saved and wants to take its flight from my body and I'm more than finish malevolence. Jim nurtured through every fiber of my brain. I took my waistcoat pocket. Opt-in grasp the poor Beast find through and deliver only one of its eyes from the socket. I blush burn I shudder. Well, I bet the damnable atrocity one reason returned with the morning when I had slept a few times to botch. I experienced a sentiment half before half of her more subscribe, which I'm guilty. But it was the best people and I can pledge to excess it's a trout fly off and remove the teeth the meantime the cat slowly recovered the socket of the last I presented it is true a frightful appearance, but he no longer appeared to suffer any pain. I went about the house as usual, but yes might be expected flat and extreme tear my Approach. I had so much. My old art left has to be the first Greek friend. This is evident. Just like on the part of a creature which had once is so loved me but this feelings to be a place to irritation and that game has upped my final and irrevocable overthrow the spirit of perverseness. Spirit philosophy takes no account and I am not for sure. My soul pants for synes is one of the Primitive impulses of the human heart one of the indivisible primary faculties or sentiments which give direction to the character of man who has not a hundred times find himself committing a fight. Chris stupid action for no other reason than because he knows he should not be not a Perpetual inclination and the teeth are best judgment violate that which is law merely because we understand it to be so much. The spirit of persons I say into my final overthrow. It was this vlogging of the salt of X itself violence to its own nature to do wrong. This is wrong sake. All right, that perched me to continue my life to consummate the injury. I had inflicted upon the unoffending break one morning In Cold Blood. I slept news about the tech tree with tears streaming from my eyes and with the bitterest remorse of my heart because I do I loved me and because I felt it had given me no reason offense because I knew that in doing so I was committing a sin and deadly sin. That was so different eyes My Immortal soul. To place it if such a thing were possible even beyond the range of the infinite mercy of the most merciful and most terrible God had day on which this most cruel deed was done. I aroused from sleep by The Cry of fire the guards of my bedroom flames. It was with great difficulty that my wife a servant and myself made our Escape creation destruction was complete my entire world wealth swallowed. I remind myself that's forward to despair. I am above the weakness of seeking to establish the sequence of cause and effect between the disaster and the atrocity and I have detailing a gene affects and wished not to leave you a possible link and perfect the basic seeing the fire. I visited the ruins. The walls with one exception at fallen in this exceptional has found it very thick pushed against which and rested the head of my bed. the plastering had here and great measure for assisted the actual fire effect, which I attributed to its having been recently spread about this wall and dense ground collected and many person seemed to be examining a particular portion of it very minut and eager attention the words strange singular and other similar expressions. My curiosity I approached and saw as a Graven and that's really the White surface the figure of a gigantic cat. The impression was given with an accuracy truly marvelous. There was a rope around the animals when I first beheld the separation or I could scarce and regarded as any less my wonder my dear were extreme. But I like action came to my Aid the cat. I remembered at the Garden adjacent to the house alarm of fire. This current event immediately filled with the ground by someone from the animal busted the tree and thrown through an open window into my chamber. This is probably been done with the view of harassing me from sleep. The falling of other walls and compress the victim of my cruelty and to the substance of the freshly spread Blaster. I'm of which with the flames and the ammonia at then accomplish the portraiture as I saw it, although I guess regularly accountant to my reason if not altogether my conscience for the Starling. Just detailed. It did not let us fail to make a deep impression upon my fancy for months. I could not rid myself of the cat during this period there came back into my spirit have sentiment that seemed was not worse. I went so far as to report the loss of the animal and about me. Right. Now I bet you lie frequent for another pet of the same species and of someone similar appearance with which to supply its place one night. As I said, they have stupefied fourth infamy. My attention was suddenly drawn to some black object opposing the events or from which constituted Chief Furniture the apartment looking steadily at the top that is received after theropod. I approached it and touched it with my hands with a black cat very large fully as largest. resembling him in every respect but one any portion of his body, but this can't although indefinite Swatch of white covering nearly the whole region of the breast. Upon my touching him. He immediately arose and rub against my hand. We're delighted with my notice this then was the very creature which I wasn't served once offered to purchase it at the landlord. But this person made no claim to it do nothing of it and it never seen it before. I can take my dresses when I prepared to go home the animal you fenced a disposition to accompany I permitted to do so patience taping and panicking as I proceeded when I reached the house it domesticated itself and once it became immediately great favorite with my wife. For my own part. I stayed that disliked arising within me. This is just the reverse of what I had anticipated, but I know that power why it was it's evident from this for myself rather disgusted in a jointly by slow degrees these feelings of disgust and wins Rose into the bitterness and hatred I have waited to creature a certain sense of Shame and the remembrance of my former deed of Cruelty preventing me from physically abusing it. I should not for some weeks the striker otherwise violently ill use it gradually very gradually. I can't look upon it with unutterable loathing and flee silently from his odious presence and it's from the Pestilence. What happened to me in Dreadful Beast was the discovery of the morning after I brought it home like Pluto and also had been deprived of one of its eyes. This circumstance. However, only endeared it to my wife as I have already said possessed by degree that Humanity of feeling which had once been white distinguishing drained and the source of many of my simplest and purest pleasures. Operation to the cat. However, it's partiality for myself seem to increase steps, which it would be difficult to make the reader company whenever I said it would work. Ouch beneath my chair Whispering about may be covering me to walk it would get To my feet us throw me down or fasting it's long sharp claws in my dress. Chamber in this manner to my breast at such times, although I long to destroy him with a blow I was yet without from so doing partly by memory of my former crime, but chiefly and let me confess it once. My absolute dread of the Beast. That was not exactly a dread physical evil. And I guess I should be at a loss. Otherwise to Define it. I am almost ashamed only yes, even in this felons. So I am almost ashamed with which the at the night. I wanted the merest cameras it would be possible. My wife and covid-19 to the character of The Mark of white hair. Which I have already spoken and which constituted this whole visible difference between the strange Beast and the one that had destroyed the reader will remember that this Mark although large had been originally very indefinite, but by slow degrees degrees nearly imperceptible. Which for a long time my reason struggle to reject as fanciful it had at length assumed a rigorous distinction outline the representation object fighting shuddered to think and for this above all I love shredded and whatever it myself the monster that I dared it. Now I say the image of hideous test of a ghastly thing of The Gallows mournful and terrible engine for and of crime of an acne and death and now was I indeed Rich to be on the wretchedness of mere humanity and a brute beasts. Fellow right contemptuously destroy it great Beast to work out for me your man man session and the image of the high God so much Inseparable. Whoa more bright night by the blessing of rest anymore. During the former and the creature left me no moment alone. And then the latter I start early for my dreams of other horrible fear to find the hot breath on my face and its vast weight and I'm guarded nightmare. I had no power in shape and competent internally my heart. Beneath the pressure Norman such as those people are remnants of the good with evil thoughts picking my small intimate darkest most evil thoughts the moodiness of my usual temper increased hatred of all things and all mankind. Well from the sudden frequent and uncover about bursts. Very much. I was now finally abandoned my uncomplaining wife alas with the most usual into the most patient of my sufferers what day she accompanied me upon some household are in the building which are property compelled us to inhabit. The cat followed me down the Steep stairs and really throwing me happy exasperated me to Madness uplifting and acts you're getting in my grasp and childish dread, which is reduced a my hand. I came to blow in the animal which of course whatever instantly fatal to it and it descended as I wished but this flow was arrested. My wife coded by the interference into a rage more than a month ago. I withdrew my armor grasp and buried the axe in her brain. She felt dead upon the spot without his hideous murder accomplished. I set myself forthwith and with entire deliberation to the task of concealing the body. I knew that I could not remember from the house either by day or by night without the risk of being served by the neighbors many projects entered my mind at one period I thought of cutting forms into my beautiful. Let's destroy the Empire another I resolved to take a gray for it and the floor of the cellar. And again, I deliberated Casting in the world in the yard about packing it in a box as if merchandise with a usual arrangements and so getting a border to take it from the house. Finally. I had to put on what I consider the far better expedient either of these. I determined to wallet up in the cellar as the monks of Middle Ages are reported to hold up their victims for such a purpose as this the seller was well adapted. Its walls were Loosely constructed Blaster throughout Blaster, which is the dampness of the atmosphere and prevented from hardening moreover in one of the walls with rejection caused by Jimmy your fireplace paid. I made no doubt. I could readily displace the bricks of this point insert the corpse and wall the whole ass before I know I could detect anything suspicious. Attend that's calculation. I was not deceived by means of a crowbar. I can easily dislodge the bricks and having carefully deposited the body against the inner wall. I propped it in that position. Well with little trouble I really liked those structures originally stood I'm cured water sand and hair every possible. Gosh, I prepared a blaster which could not be distinguished from the old and witness a fairly carefully over the work when I had finished. I feel satisfied that I was right. The wall to come present the slightest appearance of having been Disturbed the rubbish on the floor was picked up with my deepest scared. I looked around triumphantly and said to myself here at least my labor is not in vain. The Next Step was to look for the Beast which than the cause of so much righteousness for I had at length / - are able to meet with the moment in no doubt of its fate it appeared that the gravity animal had been alarmed violence my previous anger. To present itself in my present. It is impossible to describe or to the pageant deep which the absence of the tested creature patient in my bosom at least drink. Hi slept even with the burden of murder upon my soul the second and the third day passed and still my Tormentor game not once again, I breathed as a free man the monster interior and flip premises forever. I should hold it more. My happiness was Supreme the guilt of my dark tea disturb me but I made but these have been reveling answered. Even a surgeon been instituted of course. Nothing was to be discovered. I loved about my feature for listen plate that's appeared upon the fourth day of the assassination a party of the police came very unexpectedly into the house and proceed to the can't make rigorous investigation of the premises secure. However, and the inscrutability Place of concealment. I don't know embarrassment whatever the officers bade me accompany them in their search. He loves, you know Nook or corner unexplored and length from the third or fourth time. They descended The Cellar I quivered not muscle my heartbeat. Goalie. Is that Slumbers in innocence? I walk the seller intend to The police were thoroughly satisfied and prepared to depart the Clea to my heart is too strong to be restrained. I burn to say it one word by way of Triumph into rendered doubly sure their Assurance of my gums. Gentlemen, I said I'd last of the stems. I don't like tabulate your suspicions. I wish you all the help and a little more courtesy by the by gentleman. That's a very well constructed house. And the rabbit desire to say something easily. I scarcely knew what a cluttered at all I may say and excellently. Excellently. Well constructed house these walls. Are you going gentlemen these walls are solid they put together into year through the mirror frenzy of bravado. I wrapped a fleet of the game, which I held in my hand upon that very portion of the brickwork on which two forms of my wife my bosom. But thank God shielded deliver me from the fangs of the archfiend. No sooner had the reverberation of my blows up in the silence that I was answered by a voice probably them to to buy, of course, I ever first muffled broken like this sobbing of a child and then quickly swelling into one long loud and continuous scream utterly anomalous and Humans wailing shriek have a four and half Triumph such as might have Arisen only up until conjointly from the throes of the Damned in their Agony and of the demons that exalt in the damnation of my own thoughts. It is folly to speak swimming. I staggered to the opposite walls for one instant the party on the stairs remained Motionless. They're extremely of Terror. And awe in the next it doesn't Stout arms were toiling at the wall. It fell bodily corpse already greatly decayed collided with or stood erect for the eyes of the spectators upon its head with red extended Mouse and solitary. I have fire something hideous Beast is graphed. It seduced me. Murder, and he was informing voice inside me to the hangman. I had Walt the monster Within. Thank you for joining me tonight the first episode of ASMR. I hope you enjoyed. Whispering reading and the gentle tapping page-turning that I complete this episode. If you have a book or another piece of literature you would like for me to read please feel free to let me know if you liked this episode. Please don't forget. To let me know delete a review right subscribe this podcast, please let anyone else you feel might enjoy that time story know about this podcast. Sweet dreams.