Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed.And since it was the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and We talked about that and his goals as an Olympic competitor as well as talking about his future outside of his competition career. So he plans to coach when he's older and you can hear a lot more about that in the interview. Thanks so much for listening and tuning in. If you want to support the podcast there are a couple ways to do. So we're selling HMA shirts, please DM Jude or me on Twitter Instagram. Facebook wherever you can and we'll see if he can get get your shirt. That's the easiest way to support us. Also, please subscribe to us. Wherever you're listening YouTube Apple podcast Spotify wherever just tuned in there. And yeah, we're putting up content all the time on our website. Hm a wrestling.com. So please tune in. All right, and that is enough said, let's Roll the interview with you oniy. All right, here we are HMA with our Yakima Hollis Yanni. How's it going? Good, how you doing? I'm doing great. I really appreciate you taking the time out to jump on with this interview. And I know we've done it before I think you are fifth interview now. I think it's the 26th. So glad we got to get to get you back on and I'm excited for the conversation. Yeah, man you doing great with this show. It's exciting to be on here. Thank you. All right. Well, um, how's how's it been going with you? Were you and we're in Albany this last weekend. Yeah. So, you know, I've been training stuff and then this past Saturday night. I was at my brother's state tournament. He just wanted fifth State title. So I'm really happy for him really excited. And I'm glad I got to be there to watch him. We're in the finals. Yeah, that's pretty cool. That was this that was his fifth State title, right? So, One eighth grade. Yeah, so in eighth grade, he's actually only have he only has two High School officers in his career. So he won he lost twice in eighth grade and then end up winning a State title that year and then he went out, you know, when all five show really happy for him. That's pretty cool. And he's coming to Cornell. Yeah, we're gonna be it 25-pounder. Yeah. He's probably going to be a lifer. He's not very big hasn't really caught a ton of weight. So yeah coaches are I think they kind of see there's enough each side because you know, he's as good as he is without really a ton of strength behind him. So I think once he gets once once he gets on a good lifting program starts training with other division one guys, I think he's right. So he's coming up to it's gonna how excited are you for that or have you been really separated from him? Like how far do you guys live from Ithaca? So I my home where I grew up is about two hours from it. So, okay, it's fine. Now if I mean he doesn't visit a lot because he's in school and the I go home when I came but I mean You get busy? So it's really nice app here. You know, it'll be a kind of like him having them back home again. So, you know, I'm sure we'll bicker like brothers do but it'll be fun and I'm kind of excited to help him do that first year and make sure you transitions well, and you know, hopefully as a great college career moving forward and I can be there before him. Yeah. I know everybody's excited to watch him compete. Do you think he's going to Redshirt? He's a senior now, right? Yeah, so he's probably going to take a gap year. I know he's A smaller want to worry about its size. And yeah, I think in general that Gap year is really big for kids, you know you it's a good adjust when you're moving away from home. I have your paper, right it helps you get some classes out of the way to and I think that that's really important, you know for guys kind of making that transition from high school to you know, hide all the wrestling but I'll show you know, high-level Universe. Yeah, so he's not looking to do a gray share anything he wants he wants to be in Ithaca with a red shirt. So he'll he'll be in at the guy. But so the way the way the gray sure works is you'll go to Any college take some classes there that transfer into Cornell and translates wrestling club. And so that's what he'll do. He'll be in Ithaca regular training, but he won't be with the team will be with the club and then the following year. He'll be a freshman which would be his second year out of high school. Okay. Okay. Alright, so when he gets there, he's looking to be a 25 that'll be your senior year. Yeah. So yeah, it'll be my last year college wrestling is one hit. He'll it'll be a great job on the team. Gotcha. All right, so he won his fifth State title. What was that like watching him? Was there a lot of emotion involved or did he kind of just expectant? You know as liberal both? I think he I think he expected it from himself and I think you know, she had some nerves build up. I think there was a lot of pressure on him. A lot of it is one of those things that kind of been talked about since he won in eighth grade. It was like oh and I didn't win five and it it got thrown around a lot. And you know, I think people would try to put a lot of pressure on him and Getting a job handled it well, and you know, you can just see what he won. There's a lot of relief it was. As much excitement as it was, you know, I think he wanted to prove it to himself. You know, I mean that it wasn't going to get that it wasn't going to fold and you know, he did he did. Well, it's pretty cool to watch such young kids win high school state titles like Toyota win as an 8th grader against guys all the way up to 12th grade 18 year olds that that's pretty crazy wasn't there the seventh grader that want to New York this weekend. Yeah. It is $99 name's PJ do oh, yeah. I know PJ it's a champ. He's really good. I was watching actually is really good. So I'm sure his team before he's good really should go. So I guess the next topic we can go into like the growth of youth wrestling off of there. Like the fact that kids can win in 7th and 8th grade at the high school level is just insane. What do you think kids are able to do so well, so some really, you know back when you know, my parents are still your parents wrestled. It was as much specialization. It was like you played football in the fall you wrestle in the spring, you know, you ran track or you wrestle in the winter. You played track in the spring, right? And you know, I think as you know, just kind of the nature of our culture or just the intensity of you know, people wanting to continuously be better people stop specialized and I think then some specialized in became, you know, people specialize at a young age was like my kid was going to be born into wrestling, you know, and I think it's kind of what you're seeing now is Kids, you know, I'm one of them who have also since I was five right? I knew what they were to be wrestlers and you know, because that I think you're seeing them achieve at a young age because the hours that normally you know is the difference between a freshman to senior maturity-wise can be really quickly made up by someone who has been training their whole life and wrestling their whole life and they have that feel they have that muscle memory and I think that that's a relatively new thing, you know, the last 20 years you see people doing That you know, I mean, yeah, I'm gonna go on the other side. Do you know kids are just doing everything under their lifting younger than that show younger, so I think You know 12 year old kid now is not the same as a 12 year old kid back then and I think you know it all aspects of their life. You know what they're wrestling their, you know, their approach the wrestling and their mentality in their maturity. I think it's very different. Now that used to be I think that's kind of why you see kids who you know, sometimes you see kids who are really young and Achieve really young and stay good be there. They've been driven their whole life and you know, sometimes I see kids burnout her riding up. Yeah, I think that's that's something I don't really I don't really think about But you went up because I've been kind of born into this. I started wrestling out of six and immediately. I thought this is my life and I'm going to spend the rest of my life doing this and it's something I don't really think about is just specialization so early but I mean, it's pretty cool to see that though. Is that something you want to you want to move into when you're after your wrestling career? You want to coach you want to coach youth College it? What are you looking to after your career? Yeah. I mean I ideally would get into some college coaching you I think yeah, it's something I really enjoyed something. I think I could do well with and you know, I think it's good. I think college coaching is good because you get someone for the four years but you you build that relationship before they're there and then when I graduate, you know, you had to see them kind of change from a high school kid and do it into a grown man. You see him turn into an adult and I think I think that college girl just play really big part and development of college wrestlers just like as people in general. I think it's really cool. And you know, it's great wrestling, you know, the college wrestling is besides, you know International it's the peak for a lot of kids and you know, it's cool to see them kind of reach their final goal. You know, this is for 90% of the world. It's the end of their wrestling career. So it's exciting to kind of see them and help them and their career on a high note. Yeah, that is pretty cool. And it's something that I like to look. To as well, like I think college wrestling is so cool to coach not only because you're coaching such a high level but also all of the other aspects to it, like the recruiting process has got to be really fun. Just looking across the nation's best kids and looking it at who's gonna pan out. It's got to be really fun and just everything that comes with college coaching just looks looks so fun and I could definitely see you coach and it would you look at Cornell. Is that where you want to do it? Yeah, I mean, you know, they've done so much for me to be great to help give back obviously, you know, you never know what the landscape of college wrestling is going to look like by the time I'm done. But all right, you know, I'm not able to help out at Cornell and you know give back but I know I also I understand that, you know, it's not just as simple as you graduate and get a job. So yeah, you know, you know, you know you're looking to do so what I move into a little bit of your career you got the is it the Pan Am championships coming up? Yeah, yeah, so that's that's coming up. What's your goal and competing? They're obviously it's not the Olympic qualifier. So obviously if you're competing in the Olympic qualifier, your goals is to qualify the wait for your country. So what are your goals for competing at the Pan Am championships? So I mean, you know obviously want to come home with a gold medal and right test myself one more time before the Olympic trials, you know, it's going to get me seeing point for the games if I qualify in the way gets qualified. If I qualify the way if I have to and you know, there's me really great Cuban there sign up. Toby are used to time world bronze medalist and really strong really good opponent beats a in the first round last year. So that would be a good test. Yeah right shit, you know with some of those really high level guys and biggest thing is I it's a good test for me, you know, I haven't competed since the open and I need to get one more in awesome. So I'm excited to see compete. Do you know what? Dates on that again. I wrestle the knife. I think it's the nut. Okay, is it just going to be wrestling or a lot of sports there? So once every four years on the pre-olympic year they have the Pan American games, which is everything the championship is usually just a wrestling event. I might be wrong, but I'm pretty sure that this one would be just wrestling. Okay. So like you said you've competed in one event this year. Senior Nationals, what was the the transition because last year you went from college season brutal all year long competing every week to the NCAA tournament and everything and then you bounce right back US Open and you had a crazy summer just always competing. What was that transition? Like did you take a bunch of time off from training or what? Were you just back to the Grind after Russell office Zane? Yeah. I mean I did some things that you think are of you. I had some injuries and you know, you gotta give your body time to heal, but you know what? It's done good got back to it. And I think a big point is is here is kind of training training like a casino guy, you know taking taking my training into my hands, you know, take starting to take more accountability for what I'm doing and being more involved in my training process, you know, obviously, my coaches are always going to be there but kind of you know being reflective, you know, should I be doing this with my training? What should I be doing? You know, what do I think today should look like and I think that it's important because you know, they're not gonna hold your hand forever and you know moving forward. I need to be responsible for myself. And I think that this year is really beneficial for that for me where you know, I sat back and really thought about you know, what I want to do and what I want to look like and what I want my training to look like when I'm you know, I'm serious. So all right. Yeah, so you've got like this Olympic Redshirt year that you've had is kind of like exactly what you will be doing when you're a senior level athlete after you graduate. So how much of it are you going to keep when you go back to competing for Cornell of that that same training cycle where everything is in your hands and how much of it will you give up back to like the normal College season? I mean, obviously you gotta change a little bit because you're wrestling on more in the season. But right now I think you're now is good for me. You know, it's just, you know, I'm with longer squirts of really high intensity training Peak for an event and go back to and I think that's that's what how I respond to best and you know, Obviously, you know keep my self injury free is always really important, but I think keeping yo good training for me is important and you know, it's going to change a little bit just because College season, you got a lot more events a lot more way. And so yeah, but I think it's big I think what I'm training right the way I'm doing it right now is good. And there's parts that are good in parts that I still need to fix and I think as time goes by I'll smooth it out exactly how I wanted to do and then when you graduate, From Cornell, you're gonna continue to go back to this the less competing kind of than the college season that kind of training longer longer periods of higher level training is kind of what you're saying. Yeah, just because God is hard to get good sports of training like that because you gotta wrestle every weekend and if you're cutting weight, it's hard to train through stuff because you gotta write wait and you know, sometimes that can be detrimental to your development year, you know, there's a few less way and fuel S competitions you can really just focus on the small details and focus on what you need to do as a wrestler to improve and I think that that is really valuable and I think that's why you see a lot of guys and they could jump when I hit the senior level. Right. So when you come back after your Olympic red shirt, you've wrestled 141 your first your first two years in college. Your freestyle scene is at 65 kilograms, which is it. 143. Yep. Okay, so it's pretty close you get an extra two pounds. Would you consider going up to 149 when you when you return or do you like having that a little bit lower than your then? You're limping. Like competition. Yeah, I mean, you know it obviously depends on what's best for the team and you don't like think it's best for me. So it's still gonna be up in there to be honest. It probably won't really be officially decided announced everybody until asshole in college. But you know, I'm not opposed to it. I'm not you know strong on it. It's just kind of whatever is going to be best for our team. You know, I never really good team this coming year and I just want to make sure obviously I need to take care of myself. But also I need to do what's best for the team. Do you know? Get a team title, right and and Cornell is really in the hunt for that. When you come back next year like the guys that are returning from Olympic red shirts and their recruits you're bringing in Cornell's Cornell's looking really really good. What does that mean? Because Cornell hasn't been one of the top level competitors. I mean they were a little bit in 2015. They definitely competed for it in 2015. But but since then Cornell hasn't really hasn't really been a top top dog. So what's that? What's that going to be like for the for you this year? You know, I just think that you know, because you've been doing a good job on the recruiting side bringing the really great wrestlers great people and then I think you know on the flip side developing guys are doing guys like Maxine like Maxine was not a blue chip recruit out of high school, right? You know, you knew if you watch them in one day in the room if you watch one workout from him. You knew it was going to be good. And you know, I think our coaches do a really good job of seeing that and kids and bringing those kind of guys in as well as you know, the big big Five-star recruits and you know, I think it's something really special, you know, I coaches invest a lot into us they do a lot for us and make a lot of sacrifices, you know, so that we can succeed and I think you know, I was bringing home a team title is obviously great for us, but it's great for them to you know, I mean some of my coach calls been in the game for 30 years and he's done a lot for the program. He's built it up from you know, pretty much nothing. So I think a team title for him would mean a lot it would kind of be, you know him finally reaching the top after so many years. I love building building building building. Yeah, and we have the guys to do it. We have a really good team with a lot of really good guys wouldn't be coming back next year. So yeah, and I'm excited to see what Cornell's going to be able to do because again, like they haven't been a Powerhouse team and introduce that I'm sure you're going to be a little bit of an underdog coming in there just because Cornell doesn't have the history of being the top team like it like a team like Penn State or Iowa has had so it's gonna be really cool to watch. The the season that you guys are going to have and then I'm interested to see if when the schedules come out what what your schedule looks like. If you're gonna be wrestling that the top teams and we're going to see because you're not in the Big Ten in the iwa. So I'm interested to see if you're going to get one of those out of conference big duels because that'd be really cool like you guys did with Ohio State last year. I mean historically coach coal is tried to get big named we'll meet some talking to say teams obviously, but right they don't I think you know wrestling an Ivy League team. That's really good like we have been and we will be is a trap match for them because you know, you're not supposed to lose tonight League team. If you're if you're Iowa, Oklahoma State Penn State, you're a big tent 12. You're not supposed to lose to an Ivy League team and you know, we are we're a really good team and you know coming back. We're going to be any we're going to be even better team. and I think that you know, it's what we know when we talked for guys because we have a lot of young guys a lot of young freshman, you know coming into the year we went up and thank super high because we have a lot of guys what might be new to the lineup and I think as the year goes on you see us climb and climb and climb you see our freshmen continue to improve and you know by the time March was around we're going to be in the mix, you know, I believe in our guys, I believe ya. Ohh just going to do the right thing. So, you know, no promises work schedule is going to look like but I know you know coach goal is always looking forward to getting new teams on the on the schedule, you know going to get big matches looking to create exciting dual meets. I know he's really big fan of you know, big duel me, so we're always going to be willing to accept whoever it's ready to go. No doubt and I mean that mentality of You know, you're not supposed to lose to the ivy league team as got to be changing coming up here cuz you guys Cornell starting to get in the hunt. Princeton has gotten really really good recently and Lehi looking really really good. They've been a pretty solid team throughout history, but the ivy league is getting stronger. So I'm sure that's going to change a little bit in the coming years and Stanford to obviously they've been really good. So yeah. That meant that mentality surely going to change soon. Yeah, I mean, you know, it's just the coach has been doing a great job, you know, not even just Cornell but across the board here you're starting to see programs that might have been known as smaller Program start the build and I think it's a reflection of you know, the quality of coaching but I think also the quality of kids coming in, you know, there's more good kids out of high school talking about specialization a young age right kids are more Savvy at a high school. So, you know a kid who might have you know in the past been a really good kid, you know. Be kind of flying under the radar because the quality is gone so high that you know, really good kids might not be recognized the same way as they used to have been so I think there's just more good high school wrestlers coming out and then you know, there's always great college coaches no matter where you go and I think the coach is now that they have that, you know, they have a good they have good kids coming in. They have motivated kids. It's helping them build a room and build a team and you start to see programs that maybe weren't big names they develop guys and they build guys and that's how I think you know you do. The programmers start building guys up building the team that way right and and I agree. I think that's what wrestling has been doing. It's really cool to see just the growth across the country that that we've had like it used to be. I went Oklahoma State and Iowa State like that's all it's down to every year is winning Nationals. And so when you can have teams like Cornell in the mix and then Wisconsin is coming up there just all the teams that that are Growing their programs is really good for the sport in my opinion. All right, so moving for a little bit more in your career. You get you got the Olympic year coming up. One thing that I want to ask is just do you value the Olympic year and the Olympic tournament more than you might value a non-olympic just World Championship here. So this is one of the things that's talked about a lot and personally I do. I think I think it's a combination of you know, the Olympics is something that everybody knows but you can tell someone you're a world champion. They might not understand it. But if you tell someone you're not just an Olympian even metal you didn't want to match its mind-blowing them and you know talking about intrinsically for me, you know, obviously whatever people want to recognize you for whatever if you look at I believe that the The agents to the foreigners in general. Hey, you don't think you're a lot. So you win Carter World Championship, you know, if you win the Olympic Games, even though it might be the same guys. That's the best version of them right? Beat some Olympic year. That's their best version. If you beat a Russian at the Olympic Games, you know, you got the best version of that Russian possible, you know for and that's Randy country. It's for Japan Cuba, you know Azerbaijan, Georgia Iran any of those countries if you beat those guys only bekir, I think that that's the most polished and most, you know driven and most intense version of them that you can get so I think that winning a world title on the living here even though it's the same field. The quality competition might be a little greater and maybe I'm wrong, but I know from the handful of you know, foreign wrestlers. I've spoken to that they value the Olympics. It's on you. If you talk to Russians, they would rather have won Olympic gold medal than three worlds Idols, you know, it's something that they value a ton and I think that because of that, you know, I think growing up I value the Olympics a lot and also You know, it's just you beat the best guys on their best day. And I think that that's something that's really a big deal not saying that you know, it's not as good to win the World Championships Your World Champ World Champs. Will Jam, you know, I mean and yeah, obviously they're ready to go the World Championships. I just think come the Olympics it kick it up one more step. So, you know, I think that's kind of where I should with that. Yeah, that makes sense and I can I really agree to that extent like Sometimes I don't get like maybe I don't get why the Russians put more value on it. Maybe it has to do with the money or something like that. But I get understand like wanting to beat the best version of everybody. So talking about your last competition you've wrestled in was senior Nationals since then you haven't competed. What are some changes you're going to have to make coming up here for the pan am's and then Olympic team trials Olympic third or April 3rd. What are you looking to change? I mean, you know, obviously there's always technical things to fix. You know, I honestly am not really happy with how I wrestled Nationals in Texas. So a lot of things to work on building off of that and you don't have to beat some really good guys at the pan am's you meet some great, you know, great Cuban some other great guys from Central and South America than Canada the, you know, we're going to sneak up and be dangerous and then look into the Olympic trials, you know, you got guys like nicley Joey McKenna Jordans and rather for a dog Really? Enjoy Oliver, you know and those guys are all you know, they're really good Frank volunteers and other one handful of the guys are in qualified. But you know, Satan Jordan, you know, they've kind of set themselves up to be, you know, the guys to beat for me and you know, they're both really good. They're very different in the way they wrestle and I think a big thing for me is going to you know be able to be adaptable as you're ready to wrestle the guy who's just chippy and doesn't do a lot hold position wrestles tight, you know, kind of guy like Zane and you know more Dynamic more athletic wide-open powerful version of a guy I like Jordan and you know just kind of being able to wrestle both of our Styles and compete the way I want to and make sure everything's perfect. No mistakes, you know training the right way living the right way eating the right way and I think that you know, if I do everything I can and you know live the right way and put as much into it as I can and honestly give my most effort, you know, make the team make the team if you don't, you know, you don't have any regrets. He just got to lay it out there and see how far you can get right. Yeah, so I was into an interview with Doug Schwab the other day and he was talking about the mentality that a lot of the Americans have developed and a lot of wrestlers have developed is like the sulking after loss for a long time is tough and shows how much you care about winning and losing and stuff like that and he talked about how that that really doesn't help your performance at all. What you have to do is just get right back to training and have a good attitude about losing after obviously the senior Nationals was that was At the performance you wanted to have what's the mentality that you take after a performance like that? Because obviously you don't have too many of those. Yeah. I mean, you know, you gotta look at it both ways. So I'm one hand you're obviously we're disappointed in yourself. And you know, just don't put it out there. You're just you know, you're not happy. It's it hurts. And if it doesn't hurt doesn't sting you just don't care that much. I don't think I think it should hurt because it's part of it's part of who you are. It's part of what you do. It's part of part of your life, you know, I mean talk Indiana since he was 6 is what you know, right but on the flip side. If your goal is to continue to get better and your goal is to reach these really high standards really high levels of wrestling sitting around feeling. Sorry for yourself does nothing for that. One thing about what you said about Coach swab that I think is really important is what you said about getting right back to it. And I think that you know, it's a maturity thing. I think sometimes, you know people lose matches and they want to sit and feel bad for themselves and they want to know say what was me and you know, I'm not saying I've never done that, you know, everyone everyone's been there, but I think what's important is that when you do lose I'm out how I'm actually in Texas get back in the room right away like me. I was back in the room as soon as I could and you know, I think it's important to focus on what you did poorly and change that immediately because the sooner you address a problem smaller. It is the more time you give a problem to build and develop, you know, the greater problem it can become so whether it's wrestling your conditioning your strength, whatever it is, you know, the sooner you address that and the sooner you start to fix your problem and you know eliminate that I think the more benefit you'll get from it because it you know, you're heading west time the makeup. So obviously I had things I need to fix No with my wrestling my strength and conditioning everything. So you get right back to that. Even if it's not just in the restroom, you know getting in the weight room doing running doing cardio getting conditioning in you know, sleeping eating whatever it is you need to do. I think getting to that addressing things right away is the best way to respond to a loss and just because you don't show that things hurt. It doesn't mean you don't care. It just means you're not showing you know, I mean, I think that's yeah something people not always understand, you know, I mean just because Not showing it doesn't mean it doesn't hurt doesn't mean you don't care just means you're moving on. Yeah, absolutely. And just I mean listening to Doug trop talk about that was just interesting to hear like the switch in the mentality that the Americans have had and as the sport of wrestling is had just we've been able to grow from a little bit more gritty and less vulnerable culture two more Vulnerable and kind of show our mistakes but also understand that that you have to get better from them and stuff like that. So it is interesting to watch the sport of wrestling grow like that but talking about the Olympics making the team will obviously be a really really hard thing to do and it's a thing like you've beat insane before you've beaten Jordan before but it's also having the other way around like Jordan is shown up it senior Nationals and Zane has beaten you and it's just there's so many different ways the the bracket could go but if you if you are able to get out on top of that podium in April are the Olympics and there in July, is that correct? Yeah. So the wrestling is August 2nd a that's a very end of the game. Okay, August gotcha. So rustling how much of of the Team USA because obviously your process with Zane got drawn out quite a while last year and Is a lot different from the other guys who made the team like they could actually do the camps and stuff like that the way it was planned to be. So how much did you train with Team USA and coaches attic and all that last year? I mean, I was out there as much as Mike as much as I could, you know talk to Talking to Bill coach that about it, you know, pretty much his approach was he was gonna treat me and saying like we were on the team prepares both as if we were going to World Championships and you know, he did a really good job, you know, he didn't show any favoritism. He didn't, you know make he didn't favor one guy over another if you came to Camp, you know, he worked with you if you didn't come in and work with you and you know, I think he did a really good job of, you know, just being there for us, you know, either guy came to him he gave an answer. Cher you didn't you didn't you know in favor guy. He didn't not help one guy's much and you know on top of that he gives really great feedback great help and he's got a great variety of technique great understanding of the sport. So I try to get out there as much as I can and you know be as involved with that process has a classical. Do you know how much it is the same in the Olympic air? It does much change. To be honest, I don't really know the only knowledge. I have of any training on the Olympic year was when I was a Cadet, you know, we went to the Olympic champ right before they left for the games to help us get ready. But I mean, I don't know, you know, I our coaches they know what's best and I think you know, they change your by year, you know, they're they're very critical of their own system. So I think that you know, even if it was one way last year or last Olympic year, it'll probably be different this year. And that's one thing I think coach Zack does a good job of his he's We're looking at improve this process. So, you know, I'm not sure it's gonna go into it. You know, I stress that they're doing what's best for us. And you know, I I believe in their system. Yep. Alright. So after the Olympic trials are in April the beginning of April, so you've got a couple months. I mean a good long time to prepare for the Olympics after making the team which will be a little bit different from last year Not only was what's fun elects a little close to the World Championships, but that process got drawn out. So that's going to be nice for sure for you to just be able to take the time and prepare for for the Olympic Games. What's it going to take for you to be able to be on top of the podium in April and then again in August? You know, I think it's just I think the way I wrestled, you know, it's difficult for guys. It's different. It's a unique but I think I do a good job with you know, the basics and I introduced some creativity to it also and I think the biggest thing for me is, you know stand on my offense stand attacking guys and looking towards, you know, those bigger matches with the design and Jordan and then at the Olympics it's not making mistakes. If you look at the best guys, you look at the guys who win, you know Americans or foreigners. He don't get scored on a lot. They don't give up his Visions ever the really hard to wrestle and that's something I've been working on, you know is being hard to wrestled being hard to take positions on being hard to you know, take advantage of because I think that historically if you look at my wrestling I Leave Myself open at times for attacks, even though you know, I might come out of it more than I don't it's not a good game to play is so I think you know between from now to the end of the Olympic Games big thing for me it's going to be Getting my offense attacking guys using that creativity and that variety of offense while keeping myself in trouble and steaks and I think that that's something that's really important for me moving forward. Definitely. Yeah, that makes sense. And I mean when you look at your wrestling like it's been something kind of confusing to me looking at our process. Trying to compare like our process to make the world team our Olympic team to to another countries like Russia or something because when you wrestled at the dogu, you had better success than saying against the international competition. That's normally how it's been and then different like Brett Metcalfe was a guy who would do really well domestically and then not quite as well as the other guys internationally and it's something that Russia and their As they pick the guy that does the best overseas internationally, which I don't think is a big deal because all the guys in Russia Russell pretty similarly, but I think it is something to look at. I mean we haven't seen Jordan Russell much overseas. He hasn't made a world team. So looking looking to see how he competes overseas is hard to see and but it is interesting to like look at how guys compete. Against foreign guys, and you've been able to do really well. What do you credit that to to me? It looks like like when you grew up you wrestled a lot of the international your Eastern European style. Yeah. What do you credit that to? Yeah. I mean I think for me big thing was I was very fascinated in that growing up. My dad was my coach. We know we that was just what we did. We watched Russians Russell. We watched the World Championships every year that was kind of how we based my style off of was foreign wrestlers and you know, I've been kind of just my Approach the sport, you know, I think a lot of people kind of think of make think about, you know, it's a toughness contest to strength contest and obviously You know the guys you mentioned my calves change order and they're very skilled. I just think that you know, maybe I I look at foreign wrestling as you know, it's kind of similar to how I am. I think you know, I think they're good athletes and I think that they're they're also creative they all variety there. Also, you know shabby in the sense that they pick up exposures and I think that you know from a very young age. I understood that the way I was going to wrestle was not very traditional and it's not a bad thing or a good thing, but it's just I didn't get prepared me well for foreign for overseas International competition specifically because you know things that might you know be uncommon for American opponents to look at. You know, you don't see a lot of Americans stepping into over hooks or hitting the limp over the top and you know, that kind of stuff are looking for exposures parts are in general. You know that kind of that kind of wrestling. I think it's something that I was exposed to at a young age and I worked on it a young age. So I think that really helps you run. Foreigners and I think it gives me a little bit of a head start relative to people who maybe are new to that kind of wrestling. Yeah, and that makes sense, especially like when you look at it your dad kind of ran not only your wrestling but kind of the kids that you were that you train with and stuff like that. He counter at a club. Yeah. So if you were training with those guys, they had a pretty similar style to you. I would assume so not only did you grow up wrestling that way. But you also trained with guys that wrestled that way so you're really used to wrestle that kind of that kind of style, right? Yeah, I mean my dad was really big on, you know variety. So some guys that were had a greater variety of all than others but in general everyone who I wrestled with those exposed everything it might not be able to wait but they understood it, you know, I mean, so maybe if you look at guys that my dad has coached, you know, they might not strike you as that kind of guy who's, you know, very creative very Dynamic but right stand it. So for me, you know developing that style. I was constantly competing with guys who We're familiar with all this stuff. They were familiar with over Hooks and you know freestyle exposures and crotch lift Crackdown, you know, step over limp arm stuff and because of that, you know, I got better at it. And you know, it's constantly challenging the room challenge to learn new things to you know, widen the gap between me and guys who I was beating, you know closing on guys were beating me and I think because of that, you know, my my creativity grew in my ability to wrestle with that kind of foreign field develops greater. Is that something if you could do it over again, if you had if you were trying to grow a kid from the beginning of wrestling, would you do it the same way? Would you try to grow them and that kind of style? Yeah, because you know fundamentals are there they're amazing. They're what win matches but I think that you can only get so far. If you don't have a decent amount of variety, if you're not able to evolve you look like the guy in Jordan Burroughs like he's trademark double like guy, but if you look at his wrestling over the years it's changed so much and you know, I'm not saying he wrestles like a like a form Ashley. He doesn't at all but he is adaptable and I think that is important and I think that's you know, why he's had continued success and do it guys like how they David Taylor and Kyle Schneider their they're adaptable they change and that's why they do so well and I think for me. You know being exposed to so many different things so many different styles of wrestling at a young age it helps you adapt faster. So if I were to train a kid, even if I didn't think they could do all these moves and they could execute them the right way. How do you smoke do it? Because it helps you learn when you're older and helps you retain information and help grab stood for learning the sport. So I think it's I think the way that I learn how to wrestle his I'm not gonna say the right way, but I think it's Get where and undoubtedly it makes it a lot more fun. When you have the variety to play around with these different positions and different moves rather than all right. You're going to hit this High crotch every single time. And this is what you're limited to is the fundamentals. It makes it a lot more fun to just be able to be creative in your wrestling and Innovative and and just have fun with it in my mind. At least that that's how I feel. Yeah, I mean, you know, I think it's good for kids is exciting to learn new things. And I think inherently kids want to learn, you know, I think they want to get curious about you know, what's going on around him. And you know, I'm a good example that my dad just kept throwing stuff at me throwing stuff at me throwing stuff at me took it in to get into it in ask for more took it in as for more ticket in and You know, I it is fun and the fundamentals are important. I'm not going to say that getting repetitions is important. I probably drilled 500,000 single action my life, but I think it's important to develop, you know, just a knowledge of the sort of full knowledge of the sport all positions. Even if you're not going to even if you're never going to wrestle there, even if you know, you're bad there then you know, you know, we're good, you know, you're not good, you know right out of those positions and I think that being familiar everywhere is a very valuable skill to have Definitely. So all this knowledge that you have like of all the positions. Is that something looking forward that you want to specialize in his coaching like you want to have a similar style to what your dad had when you were younger. You want to mold a style from coach coach gray coach Dean and day call those guys that are coaching you so that when you have your style as a coach, it's going to be specific to you and I is that Is that styled going to be adapted to how you're going to coach? Yeah, I mean I think you know, it's not that were standing in the sport you have kids. I don't believe in being a cookie cutter kind of guy. Where know everyone's going to do this. Everyone's going to do this. I think that there's certain things that everyone should be able to do. All right, shh, but I want I think one thing that's advantageous about being familiar with all these different positions. Is that no matter what kind of kid you get? No matter what position it is, you can help develop and vacate comes says, hey coach like he's a Everybody guy. Hey, I'm working on my inside leg trip and you know, the guy stepping out of it. Where do I go? I can help him and I can help him. You're not only from a notch perspective, but from an experience as I could because I wrestled in that position. I I know what that feels like and the same time I can take a kid who has a ton of variety and a ton of you know wide open types of moves really wide open style and I can be like, hey, we need to build your fundamentals. We need to build your position and your head up back. Great hip saying you're you know elbows and you know develop fundamentals and I think that kind of my style and I think this is the way it should be for everybody is that you know, it's based on the kid. It's you got to know your audience. You got to know who you're working with and what they need what you can do to make them successful not as much you know, how much of you you can put into them. But how much you can build what they are. Yeah. I mean, how much are you looking forward to to that and how much are you still thinking like? Got a career in front of me and I got to focus on that. Let's be honest. I think that's one of the things it's on the back burner for me. You know, it's it's kind of like I understand that's where I'll be at some point in my life in the future. But for now, I need to invest everything in my wrestling and stay 100% walked in on that because that's what I'm doing right now. And that's what I will be doing in the future. You know, my wrestling career helpful is not coming to an end anytime soon. So I'm very much locked in on that and the coaching, you know, that's kind of the fun that comes after you kind of let that come when it's time. So looking forward to after this Olympic year, obviously, we talked a little bit about your NCAA years coming up for Cornell and stuff like that. How long how long do you want to see yourself compete in senior level? I mean do you want it do you want to go as far as you can little bit like Jordan Burroughs keep it going or do you have it? Do you have any plan look in there? Yeah, I mean, you know hopefully make it through at least two or three Olympic years, maybe more maybe less hopefully not but um, you know, I mean, it's just kind of you're in the game for as long as you're good as long as you're able you know, I mean, yeah, the guy who are around the longest of the guys were succeeding. So for me, I'd like to think I'll be competing for as long as you know, I'm at a high level and you know when my body starts to fail me or when you know, maybe I lose my competitive spirit I can step away but Blasting and in competition for a while, you know, I'm still still young. I'm still motivated. I'm still very much. You know understanding I have a long career ahead of me and I want that one and I want to be rational for a while. I'm nowhere near you know, my best version of myself. So I think that I'll be competing for a while, hopefully. All right. Well, that sounds good. Thanks so much for taking the time for this interview Yani. I really appreciate it. Yeah, no problem that you're having me on no you do anything. Thank you.