Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to understand and so we're going to be talking about what can be helpful that can help us and help our partners better understand our experience. So I really hope you find today's episode helpful. Hi Elizabeth. Hi Monique. How are you? I'm good. How are you? Good. Thank you for having me on oh, it's a pleasure. Thank you for being here. I'm really excited to talk to you today. Same here. We're going to talk today about a topic that is it. So common with trauma survivors those who are in significant relationships with people and when their Partners really when they feel like their Partners don't get it when they don't understand what they are going through living with complex trauma symptoms and often times that just creates you no more feelings of isolation more anger more numbing and I was wondering if you could maybe shed some light on what could be helpful. Help us understand maybe how we could learn make Communicating better. Sure. Well first I think it is just to normalize that experience. You know, I think that many people have that feeling of this person is the person that I love and I have in my life and I want them to understand me and I and there's almost this feeling of if they don't understand me or if they don't. Understand me in the way. I want them to that. Maybe they don't love me and I think that that then brings up a lot of fear and feelings of not being safe in the relationship. Right? So there's this sense of I want this person to understand this like really kind of terrible thing that happened to me because there's something about them understanding at that's going to make me feel a little bit more safe or connected to them, you know and bottom line as if they care I think a lot of times cut Wolves can kind of in their relationships get into conflict around what that understanding looks like and so I want to talk a little bit about what that might look like for people on both ends of it. Right? So the person who has experienced trauma and once their loved one to understand it and the person who has you know, who is there to listen to it? And I want to help that person to know also how to be more successful in that. So when we're thinking about the person who has experienced trauma and they want their partner to understand it. One thing that I talk about people a lot about is can you get clear with yourself about what that would look like because I think that sometimes we know intellectually that they could never truly understand it as we do but there's this feeling that we wish that they could But when it gets down to the core what we really need from them is to believe that they're hearing us that they're being good listeners that they're holding space for the story and for the experience and that they're understanding our experience as we tell it they might never be able to understand it and I don't know Monique if you know, this is something you've heard from people but this feeling of like, they're they might never really understand the depth of it, right? Right like and sometimes that can feel I don't know a little dissatisfying right like you want them to know the depth of it. But if you can sit with yourself and really get clear on well, what would I need so that I know that this person is my safe person because really that's the purpose of having them connect with you over it is that they can provide some safety with that story and that experience. So what you probably need is someone who's a really Listener so someone that doesn't dismiss you or try to tell you that you should have seen it in a different way or try to give you Solutions. Right? What you probably need is someone who is able to not only hear your story and have space for it. But also who is able to be cognizant of how that story might play out in your lives together and so recognizing that certain things might might hit R all spots for you. They might be triggers for you. They might be special sensitivities and that they're able to understand it a level of being able to recognize that most of the time not all of the time but most of the time that they're willing to pay attention to you when you're struggling right and that they're willing to respond safely. So those are usually like what people really mean when they say I want my partner to understand me. It's not that they need. Like actually go back in that moment and experience it but it's that they want those things from the response. Yeah, yeah, and they want to know that that their partner I think has empathy and compassion for their suffering and even like you said by just holding space and listening and not trying to I don't know give at guys answers or telling them to move on or whatever. That's what they really I think what they're really looking for. Absolutely and that piece of like really having someone be able to listen and hear it really good listening is when someone is offering that empathy that compassion and really safe responses and I think that we're people get they kind of get into a bad place with this is when someone is trying to express what's happened to them the person who's expressing what happened to Them knows what they're expressing. Right? They don't need you to explain it away or to tell them what the bright side of it was or two and some way like offer some sort of solution or invalidate it and what they do with somebody really needs in that moment is a really good listener in a really good listener is able to say wow, you know, I wasn't there, but I can imagine that if I was I I would be feeling that way to or I have so, you know, I hold so much empathy in my heart for you for what you went through. We're for what your experience was and being able to express things on a more emotional level that a cognitive level because a lot of times when we hear scary stuff sad stuff that's happened to people we love we jump into our intellectual side and it's often very unhelpful and makes the other person feel really misunderstood. Yeah, yeah, that's that's exactly what I was thinking and then when you what you were when you were talking about those words, I could just feel that the emotional connection and the safety that comes with that because that's what was missed right in the original trauma was someone there to connect and let them feel understood. And so that's what I think I think what they're really looking for in the present. Mhm. Absolutely as you know you Partnerships that are really the can do so much to help people heal and it's exactly what you just said when you were experiencing trauma you were unsafe and because you weren't safe, you know, you felt a lot of it is a lot of times you feel so unsafe because there is not that safe person who is holding space for you and letting you know that they're there for you no matter what and that they're going to Protect you and keep you safe and so in your, you know life with your partner being able to have them say, you know, I am actually safe for you by being empathetic and by being holding space and by being responsive, there's multiple beautiful things happening there. I mean one is that in that moment. The person is really getting a good partner who's listening to them, but the other is that really the brain Is learning that there's a different way to be in relationship and that when something scary is being talked about or something painful is being talked about that there actually is a person who's going to respond to you calmly with love with empathy with security. And so it's beautiful because it teaches your brain something new to which is wow. I'm not going to be put in an unsafe invalidated upsetting position with somebody I left like this person's lie here for me there study their secure for me. Right and it's not going to be dismissed. It's going to be it's going to be received. So, all right, so maybe you can help us with communication. So let's say we have a partner that we really want to be able to communicate. We're kind of like you said, we're really trying to get clear on. Okay. This is what I need from my partner. How do we go about asking or expressing that this is what we may need. That's a really good question. Question. So when you have a request especially around something significant like this, you really want to make time for that conversation and you want to try to pick a time where both of you are likely to be in your best place, right? So you're not bringing the subject up the moment. They walk in the door after having that in traffic for an hour after work, right? You're not going to bring it up in the All of a fight you want to you're not gonna bring it up right before bed. That's like a big No-No. Mmm person has already rolled over and it's falling asleep. You don't you might not want to say babe. I've been thinking about something we talked about it but picking a time where you're both going to have the space for it is important and I often tell people let them know because when people are caught off guard, it makes them feel kind of unsafe and when we feel unsafe, we're more likely to be defensive or stone wall or whatever. So really letting them know. Hey on Sunday. I was wondering if we could sit down and talk about some things in our relationship. There's just some things I've been thinking about and it can be I'm sorry. You probably hear my dog in the back. Location join in yes, my little doggies here communicating something to me. So, you know, it needs to be brought up in a way though. That sounds like we're doing this together not in a critical way of let's talk on Sunday so that I can complain about you. You've really been letting me down lately. I want to talk to you on something. But instead can you say something like I've noticed Thinking about our relationship that I just would love to talk about and in particular it comes down to some things that I'm thinking around when you know, I have feelings related to my past and just how we talk about that. So really having it sounds like we're attacking this problem together. It's not you that are the is the problem that's number one. And so you're avoiding criticism. And then the second part of it is when you have This conversation being able to go into it with what we call positive needs and positive means it's it's the ability to say this is what I do want instead of this is what I don't want and people really struggle with positive needs. We often let people know what we want by actually saying what we don't want and when we do that it number one elicits defensiveness. The other person is much more likely to say I did do that or that's not true. But it also makes it hard for them to know exactly how to be successful for us. So an example instead of saying I don't want you to dismiss me anymore when I'm talking about my feelings being able to say, you know, I've kind of noticed that when I talk about my feelings we get into this conversation where you're telling me that that's not really what I should have felt. When that happens, it's pretty upsetting to me. What I really need is for you just to listen and to be curious and ask me questions. So you're telling them exactly what you need. So you want to go into this conversation knowing what you need and you don't have to know it perfectly of course that involves but really being able to say like I want you to listen to me. I need you to ask me questions. I need you to hold me when I'm talking about these things. It makes me feel safe. Or I need you to give me space when we're talking about these things. So knowing how can this person be successful for you and illustrating that if you go into that conversation that way you are creating a recipe for the other person to be present for you. If they choose not to be present for you. At least you can kind of step away from the conversation saying you know what I really had a lot of Integrity in that conversation and I was very clear and for Have a reason they're not able to do it for me, but going into it and taking away. The possibilities of defensiveness is going to help you to get what you need a little bit more. Oh, yeah, I love that and I think it's also I think you'll go into it a little bit less anxious yourself because you know what, you're going to say, you're kind of clear and definitely I can imagine that the partner would not feel like you said defensive going in that way. Yeah, and I love that you brought up anxiety because if you think about all the things that was talked about it really is about can you reduce the anxiety and the situation as much as possible? You're not going. Totally reduce it but choosing a non-anxious time to speak letting your partner know what's coming up so that they can prepare right and giving them some insight into what it's going to be about and then talking about it in a way that is not punishing. That is our critical. It allows both people to be more present with each other instead of frightened and you really want to make as many of these conversations as possible. About feeling safe and comfortable and not afraid or anxious. I love that it's just too so it's such an empowering way of sharing. I just I just really love it on both ends, you know. Yeah, I think I like that word. You know, you're trying I think you know from the person who's expressing their needs you're empowering yourself because you're saying what you need, but you're also I really think helping the other person to be able to have an opportunity of empowerment to because You say I just need you to hold me when I'm crying the other person might for the first time feel like they know what to do for you. Right A lot of times when we suffered a lot of pain our loved ones. They don't know what to do, you know in my experiences with people who've gone through a lot sometimes I'm like, well, I just wish I knew right. Do you need a hug right now? Do you want me just to talk? So you're empowering them as well to say, okay, I can do that. That I can give you a hug if that's all you need from me. I will stop trying to solve all the problems in the world. I'll just give you a hug but then on the listener side, they really need to also take on that role of wanting to be supportive and loving towards you and I think that that's such an important part to Bear witness to as well because a lot of people that have survived trauma they can sometimes I think explain away bad. You're so I don't want people to go into the conversation thinking, you know, I said all of these things and that was like my only role like your partner also has a role and being a really good listener to you and making helping you to feel empowered in the conversation and being loving towards you and being responsive and kind of taking your influence around what you actually need instead of them deciding that for you. That is really good. So now I'm going to just sometimes it does happen where the partner just really doesn't understand and you're not always going to get what you want. I mean, it would be great if it works out and they give you what you want and that's wonderful and you feel heard and validated but what happens when that's not possible. I mean I myself work with people who have that but that just because that happens in that relationship doesn't mean that they can't, you know, find it elsewhere. Could you talk a little bit about that? Absolutely, so I think sometimes if you will not sometimes I think most people end up being in at least one relationship where they really want this person to be able to connect with them over this. Experience and the person just cannot offer it right the gear is clear as day. This is all I need you to do and they don't do it and they don't understand how to do it for you. And so the relationship ends and I think that sometimes that wound can make some people feel kind of hopeless. Like I'm not going to find another partner who is going to be able to listen to me. Like I'm always going to be alone in this and I want to just let people know that first of all, There and I know this is an intellectual thought it has to connect emotionally, but there are people out there who can listen to you and hold space for you and work towards understanding you no one's going to understand you fully that's just not a possibility but work towards understanding what you need and work towards understanding your experience and finding those people can be challenging and I think sometimes there is there's a difficulty. E of recognizing whether or not you know from the beginning whether or not this type of person is someone that can be there for you. And so I suggest when you're getting to know people really pay attention. Is this person not even just with you but with other people is this person someone that listens to people and is willing to hear their experience. Is this a person who is frequently dismissive of even small things, you know, like if you're at a restaurant you can play in that like your food like do they dismiss that or do they support you and getting it remade in the right way so really looking out in the beginning to see is this someone that is going to be able to be responsive to you and big ways, you know, if they can in small ways and maybe they kind of big waves, but if they can't in small ways pay attention to that the other piece is making sure that as you know, you continue to transition into relationship with people that along the Oh way. You're kind of checking in with yourself to see are my needs being met and if they're not as soon as you notice that bringing it up, you know, don't wait until the person has disappointed you 10 times to bring it up but be able to bring that up when it's happening and give yourself the space to like slowly share information to kind of test the waters. So perhaps you share a little bit of what's going on with you in the beginning and you You like are they safe? Are they responsive and if they're not then that's really good information to consider. Maybe this isn't somebody you can share that with if they are then maybe they deserve a little bit more information from you. So a lot of it is just being able to like slowly gauge how this person is in terms of responsiveness. And when I say responsiveness, I mean are they empathetic to they listen and are they curious? Aureus yeah, that's that's great. Good. Well, that was really helpful. I was wondering if there's anything else you want to share before we finish up. I think that the only other thing that I would like to share is if you're in a relationship with someone who is a really great partner and they're just kind of struggling with this a little bit just keep having this conversation, you know, keep reminding them. How they can be successful for you. I'm not saying that if they're you know the relationship if they're not offering anything at all to you and they're never working on this then it's probably a relationship that has to end. But you know, if you are in the middle of a conversation and your partner who is very safe one and loving suddenly dismissed as you like, I want to give you permission to keep talking about it. Like in that moment say I'm feeling really dismissed remember or how important I told you it is that you're able to listen to me. Just keep bringing it up be a broken record because the more that you're able to talk to them about what you need and to recognize when it's not happening to help them along the way the more likely they are going to be able to be successful for you. And also if they are I think it becomes a little bit easier to recognize those red flags because you can write them down you can say, oh my gosh, I have told this person. Times that I just need them to listen and they haven't done it. And so even when I want to not listen to Red Flags, like here is evidence that this isn't a safe person. So make sure that your vocal make sure that you keep expressing yourself and letting people know what you need. I love that and I love that reminder because I think often when maybe it happens the first time people will think of just like shutting down or numbing off and it's the reminder keep expressing what you need keep saying what you need. That's right. Yeah. That's how I'm you can always come back to it. You know, if you couldn't do it in that moment and you're thinking about it later on come back to it a safe relationship is a space where you can keep coming back to topics and talking about them. Yeah. That's great. Good. Well, thank you Liz. I really appreciated your time with us. Thank you for having me on it was so nice to talk to you. So if anybody wants to get in touch with you, how could they reach out to you? My name is Elizabeth Earnshaw. Also, you can find me at my practice, which is www.alexipanos.com. And I'm The Clinical Director there and there's a lot of amazing therapists. If you're in Pennsylvania or the Philadelphia area, you can also find me on my Instagram account where I share a lot of tips for couples at Lou's listens, and I have a monthly membership program where I also help people figure out just how to communicate better with the people that they Love and also take care of themselves at the same time, and it's called love lessons 365. You can also find that if you just head over to my Instagram sounds great. Okay, Liz. So again, thank you and have a great day. Thank you. You have a great day to buy. As trauma survivors, we know that our experience of trauma has impacted us beyond words. And Peter Levine says, it's a wordless experience and that's exactly right. There are no words to describe the impact that that has on us on a physiological psychological way. It impacts every part of us. And so naturally we really Those that we are in close relationship with our significant others to really understand that part of us. And so I really appreciate how Elizabeth gave some really useful ideas on how we can approach talking about it with them. So I really hope that this has given you some food for thought and that it will be useful in your relationship. with your significant other If you feel like you're ready to get unstuck from the patterns of complex trauma that's causing so much emotional pain, then trauma recovery coaching might be for you to find out more about my coaching options. You can reach me on my website at www.cpa.psu.edu. Em, you can visit me on my Facebook and Instagram page at see PTSD coach.