Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for Portion of my life and because of that I was forced to go the temple a lot but I found myself through Buddhism on my own and not through my family upbringing which is actually kind of interesting on how I like practice it now and yeah, that's just a little bit about me great. Yeah. And anyway onto Maggie. Could you please tell us about your background? Hey, also, I am a Christian. I was a hundred percent Filipino if that if that matters because most Filipinos actually Catholic but both my parents were raised Catholic, but when they became adults, they both converted into Christianity so my brothers and I were raised in a traditional Christian household with all those values as a kid. It kind of was like we were forced to go to church but also I really enjoyed going to church because the church I grew up in it was a family church. And so everyone there were like, oh my aunties and he does like Nina Nina eggs, but couple years back 2011. I actually gave my life to Christ. I 11 it was during an Easter services really memorable because Christianity and my opinion is not just a religion. It's based on your relationship with God. So because of that my gosh I said seven years ago its 2020 that's nine years ago. That's crazy. Anyway, so yeah, that's who I am. I'm a Christian. I believe the contrary to popular belief. I believe my identity balls in my religion because I don't know I just love God man, Sheila. Of him. Yeah, that's how it be. Yeah. Yeah, heck. Yeah. Anyway, I anyway no, but um, I'm so I'm an agnostic. I think that's what the word is. I haven't really I took in world religions classes and my dad is atheist and my mom I believe is Catholic but not like practicing and she doesn't go to church or anything. But the the biggest like religious influence. I had in my life where My no no Nona which are my grandparents on my mom's side and they're like devout Catholics. They go every every morning they go to mass and that's like the biggest part of their lives and they always tell me like hey, I was praying about you today or you're in my prayers. I was talking to you at church. Like they they talk about they always share about what I'm doing in my life with the the priests and I do really value it and although I'm kind of on the fence. Because I don't know if I believe in a higher power. I think I'm open to a higher power. I would love for there to be a higher power. I just don't know if I've had like that Spiritual Awakening yet because I'm very skeptical on the world and that I feel like has to do with me be like my background of like only really going to church with my grandparents and so like a lot of my influence was just like it was on me. Like I was just kind of like had to figure things out on my own and so like I was Get into science and like how the world worked and things of that sort, but I'm not saying that science doesn't work with religion. I've heard of like a lot of great theories and which it does and people back up like scientific theories with religion signs of actually in the Bible. Yeah. Um, but for me, I just haven't like found an exact like religion or something that I correlate with. So right now I'm like on the fence of like I just have to find it for myself, you know what I mean? So I mean My what I really love like a door about like you specifically Maggie is how you're saying. Like you your family your parents had an Awakening, but then you had like your own Spiritual Awakening where you discovered what God meant for you. And then nollie you were also mentioning how like you were raised Buddhist traditional, but you also like found your own specific Awakening. So honestly just having a spiritual way. I went back. Honestly, I was only Buddhist because my family forced me before Smitty food aside and start practicing it by myself until maybe around January. I was just like actually believing in in the values that he teaches. Yeah, I mean, okay, I think like a lot of religions have very similar values because it's a it comes down to like morality of like like good and evil and just like basically being like inherently good and doing good things for other people in Self but was there like any and I'm directing this Denali first. Was there any like specific event or like maybe day were it was just really like detrimental to you where you like? What did you have like a crazy Spiritual Awakening where you just saw something and you just let we're like, holy shit. I've actually had multiple. I think the first one was honestly in high school my boy ex boyfriend at the time the bad one. He tried converting. The Christianity like he forced me to go to church with him and because of that I was just like that's when I first started questioning like am I really a Buddhist like there's Christianity like is that the truth or is Buddha his in the truth? And I went to church with him a couple times. It wasn't meant for me because I'm not judging like Christianity. I'm just like it just was not my fundamental values and I just realized like oh no no Ali like Buddhism is where you're supposed to be in like that's what you're like, I just never realized how much in my core values just line of Buddha isn't that much? So that was the first time I was like, yeah, I'm Buddhist and then more recently like I just have just not mental breakdowns just moments in my life where I just thinks life gets rough. Yeah, like it's really rough time. Just like where am I right now and the other few weeks ago. I just sat and I meditated for for once without being told like I meditated as a choice and I just kind of got my own Spiritual Awakening like a Buddhism again, which is like, do you mind me talking about it? It's just Yeah, just go on go. Basically I was meditating on my worldly attachments. Like what was my problem was? I was sad but someone and I just read evaluated by alright, like the main thing about him is that pain comes from suffering and pain comes from desires and I was tough and I was in so much pain and so much sadness and I figured out it was because I wanted something that I can have anymore. So I just to try to detach myself from it and it honestly helped me a lot and Help me just realize how much bigger everything is in life. Yeah, so, I mean, I think it's important to note that like you found comfort in Buddhism where you couldn't find cup for comfort and like Christianity. So like you you weren't like, oh, I'm not a Christian. I don't even want to try that like you went and you like tried it and you showed up and I just did it just didn't like correlate with your beliefs and you didn't like find comfort in Christianity, but you found it in Buddhism and I think That that's really important because like it's important to realize that people find comfort in different values and different sets of you know, and even different groups of people like they feel comfortable with different people, right? And that's where like a lot of religion stem out of because your morals and beliefs correlate with another person's more as a beliefs and so together you feel like a sense of like home and you feel a sense of belonging and I think that's a really important like Thing to look at is like a sense of belonging and I was hoping maybe you could try and tie like your sense of belonging to Christianity Maggie. Well, like I said, I was raised in a traditional Christian household and obviously as a kid, it would always be like I was forced to go to church but I feel like once I became a certain age maybe around 8:00, I started understanding the seriousness of it because like I said, it was a traditional Christian household my family, which is My favorite memories is that my family every Sunday night and we'd all go in my parents bed and we'd have Bible study me just study the Bible together and we talk about whatever is going on and we pray together and during those moments. I realized that it was kind of my Spiritual Awakening and I'm so blessed that it came at such a young age. It was is like God is bigger than all of your problems and he really is the universe. So anything that you're going through is like it really does not matter as long as you have your faith. You keep your faith regardless of what? It is it's like you're agnostic and you're searching for your Buddhist and you have your own values. Every religion is different. But yeah, so like I said, I gave my life to the Lord when I was 11 on Easter Service and it's been it's been really tough like Sorry intermission. Yeah, yeah, it's been pretty isn't pretty dumb since then. I'm so blessed to worship a God. I believe in a God that in my opinion is the God of all God he is so faithful and through every tough time. He is there even through all the good times when I don't know you forget to thank God he's still there, you know, like he is so forgiving and everything like that. I think just recently ever since I was in high school. I've always been paying for it a deeper relationship. With God and I really never knew how to get there. I always thought maybe it's just baptism is what I need but I felt I always thought like there has to be more like I need to be doing something but I never really knew so the last two months actually it was a gift from God though. I saw this really deep coat y'all. It said it said I saw on Instagram. Somebody said I paid I prayed to God that I grow. It was like a picture of a flower. Yeah. It was like I pray to That girl and he sent a storm which makes it's like it was so cheesy. It was so corny and it was just funny because the flat flowers can grow without water and without like a storm and everything and so I'm like dang like that is so applicable to my life right now because you know lucky like real going through it, but Yeah, yeah, it's hundred. But basically I mean good God. That's what this is for the like. Yeah, exactly. I mean this podcast is for like tangents like literally for us to just go off and talk about like whatever is going on in the thing is like it's organic like it's organic conversation where I like we feel comfortable we can just talk and like go off as friends. Yeah. It's just friends hanging out. Like that's you know, that's the whole energy. That's the so to speak vibe. Like wait, where was I going? Yeah, basically though I gave my life to God nine years ago. I feel like I had even another Spiritual Awakening within the last two two months. Sometimes God just breaks you so, you know, so you like come to the realization that he's really all you need that you forget all the Earthly situations and Earthly like qualities and you just refocus your direction and everything to him because the end that's really matters. Is where you're going to end up and who you choose to believe in? It's interesting that Maggie and I both went through spiritual Awakenings kind of the same time. Yeah, I just realized that yeah, but I also do you need to use that is a clear example of God putting people in your life for a reason. So shout out you it's yeah. Yeah. I know. I'm like like hi guys, I exist but no, I love that and I think like it's good to to think about like Angie because you're obviously both of you are like going through a tough time in your lives and like I like I personally am going through a really tough time in my life and I have been for this last year and for me what's like been getting me through it is like my personal energy because I think energy like in itself is as cliche as it is, like I think that the your mindset and like the the quality of your mindset is everything so like if you have good thoughts and you try and just put good like good thoughts out into the world you you will receive the same thing and like I get the because I took world religions like I've learned about like I want to say like seven different religions that are like the major religions and I don't remember if it was I think it was like Hinduism or Hinduism and Buddhism and very diverse. Well, yeah because Buddhism is a stem off of Hinduism because the Buddha was like a was a monk who went off Chris. Yeah. He was a prince. Yeah. Prince in around Nepal and he was very sheltered and like he just didn't understand the world and one night. He snuck out of the palace and he was stuck out of the palace. She saw all this suffering and he didn't understand it. So he left the palace. He left his the world he and to discover like what was happening and he went through like all different sorts of things. He's like he's like is he starves himself to understand more? He overfed himself to understand more and he Found that what I said that all pain is comes from desires and life went to the conclusion that desires are from the fear of losing things and that losing things from worldly possessions so that if you detach yourself from those possessions that you won't have suffering and you'll eventually reach nirvana. So that was yeah, I think that yeah no exact. Yeah Nirvana, like what a great van, but I remember like specifically learning about in Buddhism. He had this like moderation view it was called like the And the middle way or something. Yeah, something like that and it was like the fact of like you shouldn't deprive yourself of too much but you shouldn't overindulge. It's like living the best possible life is a life of moderation. And the thing is like I've taken like ideas and like morals and beliefs from literally every little religion because like I thought the way that I go about it is like if I liked it if it applies to me then like then it applies to me and like I don't what happens if you don't like it. Then it then II like I'm picky and cheat like I pick and choose what I want from each religion. I haven't like subscribed. So to speak to like a certain religion psychological term for that. Yeah, when you listen to the stuff, I forgot I'm not roasting it but it's a psychological term. Are you like you take the things? Well, I'm really sorry. I don't know but you take the things that is beneficial to your life that helps you. Yeah. Yeah. No, I do. So like that's the big thing that I took from Buddhism was The moderation. Yeah, because that was super important to me. But but going back to to energy. I think like like what in your religion at least like nollie, can you maybe explain like good and bad energy and how that correlates. Um, honestly like this is good topic because today I was very angry like the energy that I had was just not the energy that I've Have you recently my energy recently has been just things happen for a reason and like just take everything with like a grain of salt and that to treat others. My main focus actually just having good energy and to be like, I don't know how to describe this in the way just the energy that I give to other peoples. Like, you know, I send you guys text messages like, oh have a good day. Yeah. I love those. Yeah, like things like that are my energy like I giving people the love and energy that I want other. To give me and period the energy of being angry and energy of being sad is Just Energy. I don't eat in my life. I don't know if you want this like this like question. I know this is great. Keep going energy of me being sad is just things that I don't like having in my life. So I've been redirecting that and just trying to make everything positive like, for example, when I got that in Greece text from this morning, I didn't pop off and say like, you know, I could just rip that person apart, but I did it I was Just like yeah. Okay. I understand where you're coming from like this. It's okay. Like I'm not gonna let this energy ruin my mood. I did though like the energy one. But yeah, my point is again a yeah Cyril. I'm just trying to be just my energies is trying to be the energy. I want everyone else to get back to me. I think and also like you were pointing out how you will like regardless of how you're feeling. You'll text your friends or your call your family or whatever and say like hey, I hope you have a great day or like a really appreciate you. And for me though, that's like a form of self-care because I'll do the same like if I feel bad and like I'm not feeling great. Like I will message my my mom or my dad or my family and be like, hey, like I hope you have a wonderful day or I'll send like a selfie of myself with like a cup of coffee and it's like really cheesy. I'll send us like a selfie with a cup of coffee and say like having my morning coffee. Hope you have a good day and I'll send this to my mom like every morning and the thing is even if I'm in a bad mood me doing in that to put her in a bat like in a good mood. We'll put me in a good mood. So I'm like basically like fixing my own energy by like having a self realization that it's like not a big deal because like it's hard you get so caught up in like what's going on in like like am I gonna? Yeah. We're at that age. Like what that college is really crazy. Like I said, I feel like our whole friends group is going through something at the moment. And though it freaking sucks. Like it's like I life is ending. I feel like these are the things that we needed to grow into exactly the person we're supposed to be and I really quality people. Yeah, I would say like, I don't know everything that we're going through. They're just growing experiences and they are absolutely crucial to becoming whoever it is. We're supposed to be, you know, because I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. I just believe God makes things that are meant for evil into good things and at the end of the day, you just gotta have faith keep pushing forward. Whatever it is. Believe me your energy believe in your faith. Yeah believe in it. I would say like everything yourself. Yeah truly ever. Yeah well work out and I'd be rough but sometimes when my energy is off, I just sit and I meditate and I actually like various ways. Sometimes I do the traditional sitting sometimes it's honestly just me thinking and that's when I just Time like I talked about this with our friend other friend Nolan like we talked about meditating with each other. And what does he meditate? Yeah, we both meditate. I also meditate actually. Yeah, that's another way. I'd like re-centering my energy because that's what I try to do when I was angry as like nollie either calm down just sit and just refocus your energy and it's just honestly, it's just me looking into myself and seeing like what's wrong it just talking to not talking to myself would be more self-aware was happening and everybody else. Yeah, I re-evaluated. I'm looking at everyone else's perspectives and just re-centering myself into like okay. This is like who you are this crate like the way that I was thinking over it when I overthink, especially when I meditate like that's not who you are. These are your fundamentals and it's usually just the fundamentals of Buddhism attachment. I think I mean the thing that I love the most about meditation because I've been doing it for maybe like six months now and it's like To take every single day but I meditate in different ways. So like the way that like I applied to myself as like I'm really busy. I work and I have class and stuff. But if I have an hour in between classes like instead of going home and just like watching YouTube videos. I've been doing this a lot. Like I'll do this every day. I get a cup of coffee and it's funny because like I can't do it without a cup of coffee. Like for some reason. I've been it's like my it's your God. That's what I think. Dude it. Yeah, like I don't know something about like sipping on it. Is this very relaxing Loki? Yeah, and so but I love like our campus is very green and there's a lot of like benches and nice little places to sit. So I'll go and I'll find like a really nice bench under like a beautiful tree with the sun and I literally like literally in the quad or in the in between like the business building in the HSS. There's a little like Yeah, yeah, you know what? That's that's part of life. But no but like I'll sit on a bench with the sun in my face and like the green and I'll just put headphones on listen to music and sip on my coffee and like and I just zone out and I literally like just I'll start singing the music and like sipping the coffee in my head and like that little like alone time for like an hour literally like will affect my whole day like it re-centers my whole day and then like I also do the same in the shower. I like I'm I hate to admit it, but I do take really long showers like 45 minutes because we like I literally it's really for my anxiety. I have terrible anxiety like terrible anxiety enough to wear like when I'm laying in bed, my heart beats so hard that I can't sleep. Yeah and like it's literally like hurts like my heart is beating really fast. Maybe you know what that's a cardiac problem, but Tapia no, but like caffeine but for some reason like playing like that's good some music and then the water like running over me like calms me down. I don't know what it is. Like the water just calms me down. And so like my actual like showering process will be like like 5-10 minutes, but like the rest I just cried arrest. The rest is just neat like know literally I'll be crying or I'll just be like content like I felt that though because dude two weeks ago when I was first person I was crying every day. I would shower every single day even though I know it's bad for my hair. I couldn't go on with my day without going in the shower because I feel like I just have to wash off the sadness and wash off whatever. I was feeling that night because every day is a new day every day is a new battle. So yeah, it's just it makes me feel better, especially especially if you're listening to like, okay. I don't know if you guys are going to Christian music but my writer non-Christian music like that makes me feel so much better. And I don't know you're right. Yeah make you feel better. They just literally You wash off the gunk and negative Vibes. I was literally me too. I was like, yeah, I'm going to take off like I texted like yeah, we can go after I take a shower because I was angry. So I was like, you're not gonna go out like just like a new start the feeling of water like it's just she go to the but the thing is also you know, what the like in a lot of religions water is very powerful. I feel like you yeah baptism or even like like sees like oceans people crossing them and like or like drinking water like turning water into wine. Wine is called Water of Life. Yeah, and and that I actually like I remember like when we were dying like sorry, what's the word like dissecting or like breaking apart? Like all these different religions and like looking at them water was like a huge symbol for a lot of things because like let's say I hate to be cliche but I love cliches like life is like a like a river like a downstream River like it's just constantly rushing and rushing and like you're in the boat and like These little rocks that you're hitting and bumping and like jumping saying I'm there. They're like all like your obstacles of life. So maybe like I like your your breakup could be like a big boulder and you hit that and you and then you hit another rock which is like a denial from a school and then like but the thing is like that's real that's life and it's real and and life is real. Like that's you it can't you can't just like glazed over what happened you have to accept that reality is like is all these Boulders and rocks and like but what happens like at the end of the stream is you either flow into the ocean or you flow into a pond and then it's calm and like and the thing is you're going to have periods of calm and then you're going to have periods of like being in that those Rapids and like I that I remember like like looking at that and every like religion and spirituality is like accepting that like there's rough patches, but whatever exists in the world like has you know, whether it's a God or Buddhism like a teacher or like yeah like I love learning about different. Yeah, I personally I do think there is someone out there that is in control of everything like my mom and I both have talked about religion together and sit oh because we're both Buddhist and like she also like tried Christianity for a little bit in college like she told me like we both were like nah, we're Buddhist, but obviously those are strong in your face. Yeah, but Buddhism heat Buddha Siddhartha, that's the yeah, Siddhartha was Alaska back to AP World. Something new me and Alan calm Sid. Yeah we go. Shout out to Sid all the time. There's he's not a God, but we do have like symbolisms of water to when like we have a form of baptism is called ask one which means like in my discipline. Yeah, that's good in my in my culture. I don't know if this applies to other theravada Buddhist but system specifically tile a Buddhist. So Quantum is like it means blessing your spirit. So when When we would like a hundred days old as a baby, we have a sukwon and lay like tie our spirit to our body and they bless us with water actually, like holy water from the monks and throughout my life. I've actually encountered holy water. Like we just when we're at the temple, we pray we pour water into our occurred in irons, but like these little offering things that we have and we pour them out and we give them back to the universe like that little dot. Yeah holds water. Yeah earlier like or Like right before we started the podcast. I just set this off the top of my head and then we're all like, whoa, and I said no, but the thing is for some reason, like I said this I don't know where I came up with it or where heard it from but it just resonated and we were all like snapping and like, whoa, we thought that but what I said was sometimes your best life, right the life that was best suited for you isn't the best life so So the best life possible maybe wasn't suited for you. Like maybe your purpose on Earth was to live the quality of life that you're living right now. And that's not to say that you should not strive for better. But always except that where you are is exactly where you're supposed to be and whether I believe in a God or not. I think that where we are is exactly where we're supposed to be. So anyway today we talked about spirituality religion we talked about About Buddhism Christianity agnostic Catholicism life. Basically what we're going through how we see it. So thanks for joining mean Ali Just anything. Yeah Buddhism. Thanks for joining me, Maggie, of course, and this has been the good stuff.