Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but Let's fucking talk about Jessica and Mark. Okay, first of all, bitch, let me tell you something. Let me tell you something because we had done episodes about people dragging us along and then when the when the when the pimple comes to the Head, they pop it everywhere. No Kleenex, that's disgusting. They pop it no Kleenex. You could look come up with a better analogy. Listen, it's the first thing that came to mind because my face is filled with them right now your face and broke it. Listen. I'm real. I'm just you know, I think it's about I think it's I'm sweating more as I go to party. Oh and so I'm so serious because I've been fine and because it's just it's wintertime. So typically your face gets dried out gets a little bit more pimply. But anyways, first of all, you never liked Mark to begin with okay, you were always on Barnett's case. Okay and Say something Barnett only got two pairs of shoes and it really frustrates me. Okay, he's got he's got cowboy boots and he's got this one pair of Nikes that he clearly got from Marshalls or TJ Maxx and nothing against Marshals are T.J.Maxx, but you know exactly the type of Nikes I'm talking about actually. No, I classify them as JC Penney Nikes. Yes, you know them $55.99 $65.99. Whatever anyways, yes. Yes. Anyways, Jessica, we know you never liked Mark you shouldn't dragon. Down and made him walk and and bring his mom into this and make him all cute little suit and then to say no like that just goes back to our other episodes that we've done like damn man, if you don't like somebody or you're not feeling it you can't force it. So just let them know that you're not feeling it. I don't know what to tell you. I really don't you got to start being honest with people same with Kelly and fucking Kenny like Kelly. Come on, man. What happened? What happened? He treated you like a queen and I get it I get it somebody being nice and all these perfect things might not be every you know, you realize that that might not be what you want. But at the end of the day, then you have to tell them that you don't want them. Oh my God, no, let them go up to the Altar and say I do not but then I told my girlfriend I was like, well, it wouldn't be reality TV. If they just told him no before the wedding day, you know, we have to make it dramatic and some misses. So but if you haven't seen it, I suggest you watch it. Also, you should watch the trials of Gabrielle Fernandez, very sad. I actually suggest if you have children that you don't watch it because it's it's man Kaylee and I watch listen we and we are no but we are fully surrounded by True Crime like we listen to it all the time. We watch it. We've seen really fucked up things and let me tell you I couldn't even make it through all episodes in one sitting I had to Top and in fact, I had to stop and before I went to bed I had to turn something else on because it was just that like man. I tell you the children animals and the elderly you don't fuck with their like the most vulnerable in our society. And when you the things that they were doing at this kid, I can't even I can't talk about it, but I don't know how I got off of that subject because these are the things I've been what binged watched in the past like couple days. So if you're looking for things to watch check those out before You Jessica and Kelly basic ass white girl names like my name is people just with those years like Jessica Nicole. I was like what? That's me. Basically. Yeah, whatever but I own it. Okay. Anyways, you don't comply Jessica got well apparently by some people I do. All right. So tell them tell them we're talking about today because I got to get the oh Ramsey so you can't let are we talking about today. I'm going to jump into Ins and see I didn't need to tell him anything you told him. Well, tell him again. I probably sound like oh, I like I was discriminated. Yeah. Yeah. What's the other one? What discrimination of bisexuals yeah. Yeah, you know more about that than I do. I only know speaking from like experience with like my girlfriend in particular. I have known that like when someone says that they're interested in both or they've dated men their whole life and then they finally did a women or women. Sorry. I'm tired when they finally date a woman like everybody's like oh so you gay now like that's like the first question that they get and I mean it sucks, but I was also telling you it sucks on our end because it's like we kind of just want you to pick a side. I'm not going to force you to About like dang like I already got enough competition in my life. I don't know. Sometimes it gets a little tricky. Sometimes it gets a little tricky, but that's but that's the whole point. So lesbians or gay women. They yeah, you were telling me they stand on the side of well if she's by she'll eventually leave me for a guy because it's easier. There's not as much hey, You know being in a relationship with a man is is accepted. Absolutely. I don't think they take I don't think they take bisexual females seriously when they get into a relationship with another female know so then they don't even take the term bisexual, you know, bisexual seriously. Yeah, feel Ramsey we get it honey. You're thirsty. Okay. Can you stop because then you're gonna have to go out some you said just let me live my life know. But you get to the point where it's 2020 now, I feel like you should be able to like who you like and just fucking call it a day. I don't even know if you need to necessarily a label for it, you know, but I mean I still see you know, because I'm on that Tick Tock. So yeah, tell me about like you like any gay shit and that's all you're ever going to see on your floor you page until you like some more non-gay shit and then kind of evens out so so what do you lot of I see a lot of videos by bisexuals? That talked about the fact that they get discriminated against on both sides like you were saying by men who don't take that. They're bisexual seriously or they they have a problem with it and then by women because I think in a lot of instances. if they if they talked to a gay woman, I gave a female, you know the intimidation of Being with them in like having to live up to the standards of being better than a man or whatever. There's a lot of that so well and I will bring up an interesting point. So you do need to watch that show because and love is blind. There is a man who was on it and he is bisexual and he stares so anyways, because he's eating something what he's eating the carpet. Okay, we're not going to eat the Well some of us do so it was not today carpet lunch, but it's fine not. Okay, so you can talk to him. Okay. I don't know what I'm going to talk to him about you left Med story. Okay. So anyways as I was saying you do need to watch a show because there is and this is a question I have for you because me and my girlfriend were talking about this last night. There's bisexual man on there. He does not disclose with the girl that he's interested in that he actually proposes to he doesn't disclose with her that he's bisexual until so The premises they get in these pods what happened? I'm obviously going to see it's cucumber. Okay. So the premise is they get into these pods. They can't see each other. They can only talk. Yeah. Okay, so they kind of decided they liked and then the man proposes after they proposed blessings sneeze sneeze sneeze. You can do it again. You're probably gonna do it again. Oh, okay. I'm good. Okay, so they propose and then the Step of it as they go on like a retreat together, so they actually get to see each other so they actually get to see each other they get to spend time together. So they do that and then and like nobody has any phones or anything and blah blah blah. And then after that then they move back to the city where they all came from and then they meet each other's families friends. Yada yada yada. Well this man, okay, he proposes to her. They see each other. They go to Mexico. I think that's where they went. They go to Mexico on their little Retreat and then you know, he tells the cameras like, you know, I haven't been fully honest about my sexuality with her. And you know, I want to tell her so he sits her down and he says, you know, I've dated both men and women and she did not like that very much. Uh-huh. Did she say why she didn't like it. She kind of to the point where like kind of thought that like, oh, well, if you date men, does that mean that you know, I I am gonna you know, are you gonna want to date men in the future kind of thing? So she walked away. They actually got into a big fight because he started saying, you know, well, you don't support me and she was just she honestly was trying to understand it. She was honestly just saying like, you know, this is a lot to take in which I don't really agree with and I kind of was talking to my girlfriend about it. And that's where I wanted to get your opinion. Like I didn't really even feel the need for him to say anything to her because to me at that. Point it's like you're already engaged this person to be married. What I guess my whole thing is why well, I get it's a part of you. Yeah in a relationship. I mean, I never want to have any secrets. Yeah, and that would be like keeping a secret. I guess. I just you feel bad because it's like when somebody tells you this information, it's not like me telling my girlfriend now about my exes, but I would rather tell them and then break it off with me because they can't handle it then. Then you know 15 years down the road. It comes up on accident or whatever a slip and now it's like our own little last 15 years. You've kept to see Tommy, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah, not that relationships last that long ago now but it just made me it just like kind of made me think about it because I just felt bad for him, you know because it would just it should honestly just be like and I get it there's a stigma attached to especially Men African-American men who say they're bisexual because I've seen it with my own students. It's know that kid. They're gay. Yeah. It's like no, you're not listening though. I know on the men's side of being bisexual. Yes. There is a huge huge stigma on. I know you're not by sex, right? You're gay white and white and African Americans I should say. Yeah, but I do know that there is more of a stigma within the African-American Community when it comes to things like that. So, Yeah, and I could see it with this girl. I mean she was just like she can't like she was using the excuse of why are you going to want to go date men, but I could I could just tell the way she was like coming at it that she just wanted to say like no you're gay. So bisexuals get this like stigma put on them that they're like whores right? Yeah that they just like they like both Because they are greedy greedy selfish selfish. They're just they're promiscuous their their permit. He was yeah. They just want they want sex all the time. This gives them more options. And so I think a lot of like probably her problem was alright, so if it was a because he said he was bisexual that meant later on you weren't going to be enough. But if you because you option because he has options but if he was straight he would still have those same options, right but just in female form, right? So why didn't you ask that question? Before because he's bisexual because they have that stigma of being. greedy Yeah are just want or just strictly being about sex. Yes. That's what people perceive them as yeah, absolutely and that's terrible because I mean they just they like what they like and he tried to explain it to her. He was like it has everything to do with what's up here. And what's in here. It has nothing to do with anything down here, right and some people unfortunately can't grasp that idea that like you could just love a person for who they are and yeah like and you know, what's funny is like I Even grasp that idea even though I feel completely different because I am only attracted to women. I will only be in love with women right that I will marry a woman like that is it but I get the idea get the idea of right? Because I think mostly because we don't see anything wrong with loving who you love. No, right? And that's what it comes and that's what it comes down to is people who have a problem with those who love who they love regardless of anything else that that's the that's the problem we get it so like I understand that there are like pansexuals out there that will literally date anybody. Marry, anybody fall in love with anybody. It doesn't matter gender and on gender. yeah, no, they're transgender ya know and there are people that see for a long time. I was probably one of those people that didn't really understand people who were bisexual because I was strung along by someone who was not just someone who was an asshole right? So when you're with someone who is with both men who has been with men right and then meets you and then his with you for a while and then keeps going back to men and talking. Then at that point you're kind of put into this position where you're like you weren't good enough. Yeah, like what the fuck man? Like I didn't like and then it's instead of just looking at it as you're an asshole. You're an ass how you asshole or the relationship just didn't work because it didn't work right you put that that emphasis on the fact that it didn't work because I was a female's because she went back to men which in most cases. That's not that's not what the problem was, right the Product can be super devastating it, you know be and I think we start doubting they were when we were younger we both went through that where we started doubting ourselves. I know I got cheated on by someone that I was with that was bisexual they cheated on me with a man. So then it was like, well it what the fuck yeah, then she'll try to like keep it like be friends with you and keep you around. Didn't he ask you about her? Was it that one? Well, I've actually I've actually been cheated on so we're just more than one by sexual assault one man. Yes. Thank you. I'm sorry it I'm sorry. I kind of story straight know I was so gay when I was in your stories gave. Yeah, so when I was when I was engaged. I'll go when I was really young. Yeah, she cheated on me with women and men got it. Okay. Okay, so she was an asshole. Yeah, when I was dating another person when I was a Cedar Point she cheated on me with men because she wasn't into women. She was just in to me which was what she told me, but she was really bisexual. I mean afford being up being honest, so she cheated on me with men as well. So there for a while I had a thing against bisexuals. I would not talk to them. I would not date them. Yeah, that would honestly be one of the first questions I would ask when I've gone on dates with like that might be the next one. She wasn't she didn't claim that she was like bisexual whatever but after after we broke up she ended up dating a guy. So that was like that was three in a row so there for a while I had a problem with my sexual, you know puts it puts a bad taste in your mouth. It does I have outgrown that yeah. Oh absolutely. Absolutely. But that was one of the reasons I wanted to talk about it because it's still There because I see it. I see it on social media by other people who are bisexual and they're like listen. I'm allowed to like men and I'm allowed to like women and that doesn't mean that I'm going to leave you for the other side. Yeah, if it works. Yeah, because but like literally both are good enough, but I think the stigma is That you're not good enough if they leave you for the other sex. Yeah, and that just goes back to some people are just assholes and some people don't know how to be in relationships and some people don't take relationship seriously and some people just like a person for them being there at the time filling that void. And I mean, I know you don't watch it, but the Love is Blind. I've sort of God, that's exactly it. It reminded me so much of my previous relationships not all of them. Actually it honestly reminded me of like My previous relationships where he was good enough to keep around and dragged through the mud and attention and for the attention for the love and for the you know, everything that she had been looking for in a person but at the end of the day, she didn't really love him. She not really mean it. She didn't really want to be with him. She wanted she wanted what she couldn't have. Mhm. She wanted what she couldn't have. She had something that was great in front of her, but then went for the ladder because it's like Well, he's a fuck. I mean he was he was a douche bag. Yeah, but he ended up the other guy that she actually liked was really really he was giving mixed signals in the beginning when they were in the booth with each other, right? Yeah, but then when he finally picked the girl that he wanted to marry like he was he was like nah, man, like I said what I said in the booth and I was confused, but now I'm not confused. Like I really like this this woman and that girl kept trying Jessica Jessica kept trying to go after him even though he was like happy with this person. And I'm like this is sad because this is exactly what was going on behind our backs and so in certain situations. Oh, yeah for sure and it's just like we'd see I'm talking to these people who were clearly not into them but like their attention. Yeah, and we were the same. I mean, I mean we were literally that be that person. Yeah. So how we became friends. It really is a rest is history. I really is so I just I feel for people that are bisexual because yes rough out here in these streets. Yeah, it still is it still is but you know, what's you know, what's funny is I used to have such a problem with bisexuals. I mean, but if you look at like our type, yeah, you're probably not going to find you're not going to find our type. That are full-on either gay or whatever most of the time they're bisexual. So that was Well, and I don't mean to get into stereotypes, but I can talk about stereotypes about lesbians because I am one but we've talked about this before I know instantly when a female sits down across from me if they're if she is gay. Yes and let me tell you something ladies. If you are more feminine more feminine lesbian looking for a masculine or a more. You know, you know stud lesbian. Some of them don't mind being pursued like a man would pursue a woman but your to gaze and Jays game Boys number one and gayboys. Number two. We do not appreciate being courted pursued. I don't call me beautiful. Hold on. What do you mean by pursued? Don't call me beautiful. Oh, okay. Don't call me sexy. That's weird. Don't I don't have a problem with that one. I've been called that one before only if I know you only if I know you. And it's it's weird. You can sold for like me like you can be you can be a little aggressive. You can be a little Gruff, but you can't be a like you can't be dominant. Okay, so like if you know what you want. Yeah, and you're just like you just like let me know. I've had that happen to me before right? Well don't let like I wouldn't want my I wouldn't want a girls interested in me sending me flowers. No like I would to her right you get what I'm saying? Right? That's what I'm trying to say. But like Doing the approaching. Yeah, that's how I met my girlfriend. Yeah, I would have never met her if I if she didn't approach me, right exactly so you can be a little aggressive even though she claims it. Yeah. Well, she wasn't I was like bitch we still there and talked for like three hours and I'll do that, right? All right, but yes, I get what you're saying. You know what I mean? I do get what you're saying. Yeah, but we've talked about this. So I mean it's going on dates with women like they would sit down and I'd be like you're gay gay. You're gay gay gay gay and I mean, that's fine. It's just they would be a little bit too to they would they would want to be dominant you and I I was not about what happened you over the kitchen sink. Nobody wants to get bent over. Nah, this not these booty cheeks not that was booty cheeks. Okay? No, no, no, no. No, I'm like I'm like a guy with that instance like my if my girlfriend like squeezes my butt cheek. I'm like I get real like hey, hey. Yeah, little butthole little bugs keep your hands to yourself. Like I will say though like since we started going to the gym. I have noticed that my like taste in women has changed a little bit and as far as like before I used to like like the soft feminine. Girly, and I still like that don't get me wrong. I still like that but at the same time if they're a little bit more. Tomboyish, I guess you could say. Yeah, but I think the X and I knew you with what had a little bit of an edge to her. Which one the one that I met you it's or like real but yeah, well, yeah a little bit of cheese. She wasn't over it. Yeah, she wasn't overly girly but she still I wouldn't say she was a tomboy. I would say she was just no no, I wouldn't either I wouldn't classify her as a tomboy either but I would not classify her as like girly girl. No, you know what? I mean? Oh, yeah. Yeah, you're right. So you're right. And I mean, I don't know you're the Rex is she wouldn't wear Chuck's yeah, she would mind heels ever known, okay. she might ensure is Chuck's but she wears heels to so I mean but I mean, sometimes she's girly girly I guess they're called switches. So like switches for me. Yeah, that's what you're into now. Is it? I'm okay with it. Yeah, right. We can't talk about no, I have some or not. We cannot don't do it. Oh, well that leads into our next topic of discussion. We're going to do this real quick. Jumping to conclusions. Okay now. I am extremely irrational. Let's just start it off with that. Although my friend Kaylee over here has has I know you don't care but let me just make this funny. Okay. I know you don't really care but my friend over here has surpassed listen, I irrational and limitation. I make one irrational comment that was half made in joke. So yes laughing. Let me live it. On all week all week. Well, let's tell him tell him. Okay, go ahead. No, you're telling you to let you know you tell it funnier than I do. So go ahead. Okay. So Kaylee has lesbians are irrational is where we're going with this. Yeah, I would like I would like to put women in that category as well though. Just women in general most of the time, you know, I feel a special that's true. But that's because people make us irrational. That's all I look at those girls gym play with your feelings. God. Damn it. Quit playing with her feelings. No, they're just fucking marry me and love me or sit out. I'm gonna wear you until you marry me. That's what me and Kaylee. That's our tactic actually don't stare. I can't I get it. Yeah, because if I get caught then what you just hit that fucking that fucking thing you put on my Facebook, but about the just because I'm a lesbian doesn't look like a doesn't mean I like every girl in the second part. That's me as a baby. So gay please Love Me Anyways, Kaylee has two girlfriends at the gym. They are or where we talk about it almost every day. Yeah. Well, we're going to talk about it again. They girlfriend number one is non-existent. I think she disappeared. Yeah, she's hot. She's super muscular broken up. Yes, super muscular, but you did kind of jump we both kind of jumped in always on that one, which we talked about. Yeah, Jim rule. Number one. She wears crop tops. She was there once with a guy and now Kaylee all of a sudden and then sees them leave together and maybe gotten the same car. They were in this. What do you now and she's never Come back. So he either kids all there or they got married under the private and away. He ran ran away to train for a for a for a show together. Anyway, so they know about girlfriend number one. Okay, because we talked about her when we asked if you should go approach her. Yes. Yes. So girlfriend number two is totally Kaylee's type. I mean and she'd probably person and you know, my girlfriend is listen to us. Anyways, she'd probably be mine. She probably be my type too, honestly. No, she's you don't really like her face though. I've seen it up close. Oh, it's okay. No freckles. She does, please she has marry me. I think it's her. I think it's her teeth. I think it's her teeth because I seen her like when she's like breathing anyways, um, I'm not usually looking at her face. So she does have a nice face though. Anyways, so. Where am I going with this Kaylee Kaylee loves this girlfriend number two. Okay. So me and Kaylee your on the Matt's doing core of the other day and Girlfriend number two is in there now, whatever. So me and Kayla are sitting there and Kaylee all the sudden get your car keys walks out to her car gets her little trampoline now. Listen. Listen, I'm not talking about them big trampolines that you do like really big flips on and like get a whole bunch of height know I'm talking about those trampolines and have a handlebar that you just bounce your legs real real quick real real quick. Like you've got to start an engine. Something I don't know. I can't fucking so Kaylee goes and gets her little fucking trampoline because this is what this is why everybody does but maybe jumping to conclusions. So Kaylee goes gets a little trampoline. Anyway, so we're sitting there on the mat doing our core and Kaylee out of nowhere out of pocket out of left field is like hey, you know that one guy that's in here. He's like he's like tall and skinny and like lean and you know, and he's always he is always on the treadmill like to down from her not and they are always here at the same time. And that's probably her boyfriend. I was like what? How did you get that from that? They're always here at the same time Kaylee. We're always here at the same time. I was goes half kidding half kidding. You're never gonna let me live this down or the guy she was talking to and I was like don't let that be her type if that's her type. Just kill me. Now. What do you look like? You're the dad bod. No, he's like he's like that guy. He's but he's just he's tall and he's actually like skinnier. Uh-huh. Dude on the treadmill is at least built this dude. He has a blond goatee like his hair is shaved down. He looks like every other white boy in Canton. But why do we do that? Well, I got nothing else to do. I'm not gonna approach her because we had the gym. Let me meet her outside the gym see how I approached. You know, who? Kind of whoo-hoo the one we can't talk about. No, no her happy as set right down. And we've already gone too far. So there we go. That don't mean nothing we could have went to a bar yesterday. Restaurant technically, it's a restaurant. It's a restaurant for it's a bar. Don't do that. Well now you've just they have good milkshakes. Oh, thank you. Oh my God. We went to a bar with milkshakes. No, you didn't listen here. She goes. She got a trampoline everyone. This is what I said you jump to conclusions thinking I'm talking about what we did yesterday when we have gone to other bars before I've only got two jerseys and that one would come and talk to us which one? The one with the cheeks not then change the face cheeks. She she lived how young she like hell. Yeah, you know I'm talking about. Yeah, she had the other cheeks, right but she would come and talk to you. Yeah, it's because she was trying to get a tip so nobody can sit. That's his the tip couch you're on here. I have a headache what happened anyways. We need to stop being irrational. I'm so sick of it. But it's funny. I am real bad. You are so bad. Yeah so bad. I'll be like, oh they like to our picture. Oh they talking they there right now Bucci responding to my text message. That's because she's with him. That's because he's with her. Oh, we do that shit. They get marry. Like that's what I do. That's what I do with my gym go friends kiss. I think it's sickness. I think we should go talk to someone. I do doctors know. What about that? I don't know what you mean. I do talk to them about being irrational. Are you irrational and relationships though? I feel like if they're gonna like I'm not irrational anymore. Well, first of all, I haven't been in a real relationship in a while so I don't really know when I was younger. How are ya was a rational jealous worse jealous? Oh God, but I had also been cheated on them number of times. So I had like some PTSD, you know what I mean? I know what you mean, but now that I'm older if I was to get in the relationship. I don't think I'd be as bad. I'm a lot more laid back than I used to be too. So I am too but I still have my moments. I mean, yeah, I'll have my moments but most of the time I don't share them with nobody. I just keep him in my head and I think that's where we shouldn't with me probably should just let him out. I've done it a couple times with my girlfriend should be like what the fuck just happened. I mean like that's what I'm talking about. That's what you do these things to put these little red flags. We are not red flags, but I make them to red flags because I'm irrational. Yeah, you are. Why don't we do that? Why don't lesbians jump to conclusions like them. I don't know. I think it's because Like you said earlier, we're always. Either not being taken serious or being compared to men or like doing all these things. We have some insecurities. Yeah, it makes sense. That does make sense. I would love to know who brought my ration rational thoughts out. I think it was my first real girlfriend that did that. But I had reason I had reason you know, once that's the thing I talked about to like I don't think people are just crazy. I think I think things happen to make a person feel certain way. Yeah, you know and react to situations in the way that they do. Yeah, like and I think it started I remember exactly when I caught her eye her phone was going off when she was in the shower and I looked at it and it was her ex. And I was just kind of like why the fuck what is this? Why are you talking to him? And I read through the text messages and I probably shouldn't have but probably should have been talking to your ex and communicating with like that in a sense of like I didn't know him. I didn't know much about him and the text messages weren't of friendly conversation. Do you get what I'm saying? They were a little bit too friendly I should say and that's just kind of I think that's when it all kind of started and I think it takes a person to bring that shit out of someone. But then when you date someone who doesn't doesn't bring that out of you but like man, I've been trained this way for such a long time. It's hard for me to like get out of that mindset sometimes so I know we make light of it, but at the same time when it comes to being in an actual relationship your past has a tendency to kind of like follow you sometimes yeah in certain in certain situations, so I don't know. Yeah, we like to jump to conclusions though. We do. I think it makes things more exciting when you're irrational sometimes in a funny way like you saying rationals are like I would never like I guess. Like girl at the gym. Because she's pretty she's automatically straight. Those are my conclusions I joke, too. Yeah more often than not. I mean I was about that was my conclusion about my girlfriend now. Yeah. Just like there's no know why that yeah, I don't know why that is because I mean I've seen in dated some really really attractive not straight women, but one of you see it an attractive female you automatically go. Oh, she's straight or She's Out of My League, yeah. I just think we've been. I don't know. We've been programmed to feel that way because we've while there were some good parts to those relationships that we've had with those people at the end of the day. They didn't work out they didn't last and the majority of the time it was because especially in mine like they went to go date men or they would cheat on me or you know what? I mean? It wasn't it wasn't an Amex amicable amicable amicable amicable split, you know what? I mean? You didn't do a mutually so right. I've never had a mutual split. How about happens? Me and one of my exes did hmm and it was really emotional and you know you sit there and you just kind of say like I love you. This is not working out. This is not we're both not happy, you know, and I want you to be happy and I want to be happy and yeah, yeah that happened with one person. I've had mutual conversations after the fact after breaking up after having a terrible breakup with someone we got together and met up and had dinner and talked about. You know, I'm so sorry that all this shit happened and I apologize for all this shit. But when it comes to being cheated on I think it's hard to I think it's hard to have a mutual breakup. You know, like what are you going to say? Well, I didn't break up with him because he cheated on me. Why'd you bring over them or did they break up with you know, the One of them I broke up with the other one broke up with me. So but I didn't break up because well now that's a lie. I did break up with. My 1X because she kept cheating on me. It was like a continuous. She cheated on me with like three or four different people that I know of and what a kept cheating on me. If I would have let her just crazy. Did you ask her why I mean we were young she was a terrible person. She just like the attention from other people. Yeah. Yeah seems like it. Well she cheated on me with her ex. and then she cheated on me with that guy and then she went back to Cedar Point before I did and she cheated on me with this girl that was there in the room that we were sharing so that was that was nice and that's when I broke it off yea though I have a like how would you feel if you were in a relationship now and someone cheating on you would it be a one and done yeah so if I have too much respect for myself now I didn't have much respect for myself back then no I agree I didn't really know what I wanted. I didn't really know how I was supposed to be treated because I had never been treated, right? That if that make sense. Yeah, I mean you and I talked about it when you started dating this one. The reason this one was so different was because you finally knew what you deserved and how you were supposed to be treated and So that would be that would be the same for me. Yeah, and even though it kind of started off in a weird in a weird funk. That happened it does especially when you know, she's especially when the person has never ever dated a female. I mean you've been with women, but you haven't actually dated one. Yeah, it was it was hard in the beginning but I had to respect it because it was like it was her process and what she came she came full circle and you know, you know flip that around but yeah, I would be a one-and-done too. So I got cheated on again. And some people yeah, some people see it as you know, well if the circumstances if you had a conversation I kind of explained and I'm not saying but listen, I'm not saying people can't overcome, you know cheating, right? Yeah, but both parties have to overcome it, right so I don't know that I so I couldn't see like and that's why I tell people I'm like, I can't lie to you and say that I couldn't lie and be like, oh I'd get over it. Yeah it is. I don't know that that's true because I'd be out here jumping. Yeah, every time it took you six hours to respond to a text because here in like a weird work meeting or something really like she out here home, right Hoenn, right? But there I mean there are people who if both parties agree can get over someone who does cheat? Yeah, it's happened. But I am just not one of those people. I've been one of those people and now I'm over it. And now if you do it, I'm too far along in my life. Let like to me there's no excuse. Yeah to me cheating is never an accident. It's not an accident. It's so you two are willing participants in a Right. Well, yeah, and I'm also a know at a point where like because I'm not necessarily looking for a relationship. It would be one of those things where like you just let me know like beforehand like this isn't going to be exclusive. I would rather do that and then figure that out then cheat. Oh, I agree. So so yeah. Hey stay faithful out there. My friends go get your little trampoline and jump to conclusions like Kaylee here. So yeah. Well listen. We gotta go we gotta go to my own the time now. Yeah, I get my tattoos this week. Hey, yeah, I do not know. No, I have a headache really bad. Actually, this is terrible and I gotta go to work the next five days. So that kind of yeah that blows We expects me get no snow days is my birthday month officially. Well wishes. Yep Party Time party my God. I'm so old. I'm almost as old as you. All right, let's not do this twenty-one-year-old. No, I wouldn't 30s or great thirties are my fave. Actually. They've been really terrible for me. So, I'm sorry, so hopefully I feel like 20 20 s been a Year though. No, I wasn't 2020 has been good for me. I mean we lost Kobe Bryant we did but I'm in therapy we go into the gym. I'm yeah I get it get in shape. I get it 2019 was the fucking worst bad. Yeah. But now we in 2020 men I go on my cruises next month officially, that's sweet bomb. Yep. Also leave a comment on whether or not you think Hailey should dye your hair blond or dark purple. Like let's see what they say. Let's see what people say. And anyways, your girlfriend was blond. Yeah, then she went so nevermind don't answer the question, but I want dark. All right. Well, let's see but I already told her we'd go blonde. Okay, so you're not getting under that awesome. Yeah. Yeah. So hey, if you have any free time on your hands, will you go please go watch? Love is blind and the trials of Gabrielle Fernandez. They're very good. You probably will go watch him because you know, you're lame. So listen, I'd be tired I go to work all day we go to the gym. We're there for like 12 hours I go home. What about like a Friday night I eat normally with you. Are you right Saturday night. I'm normally with you. All right, whatever. Well I try maybe once once I'm so tired after the gym, I just go home and I just sit there. Yeah, so sauce and I try to figure out what I'm gonna do with my life while I'm doing with my life. Yeah, I got. All right. Well, listen everybody except Kaylee, please go check out those two things on Netflix that I just said and I hope everyone has a great week hater man. I wish you were recording because She like I have the worst headache right now. It's ridiculous, and she's getting on my fucking dreams. All right, everybody. Have a good rest of your week, and we are out like a boner in sweatpants gross. Okay, bye-bye.