Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies.Season so this is called I dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your smile makes day of Of night thus only in a dream we are at one thus only in a dream we give and take the faith that maketh Rich who take or give if thus to sleep is sweeter than to wake to die were surely sweeter than to live though. There be nothing new beneath the Sun that was glorious. It's love her. We wanted to open with a poem because we felt it was very apropos Pope Pisces season, they Will the dream world it's their realm. They ruled by Neptune. The planet Neptune is dreams of conscious all those like feelings intuition gut instinct sort of the unnamable. Exactly and I think a poem is all of that. Yeah, it comes from some unnamable source and center of self that is truly. I think different from all other art forms and completely built from the subconscious. Yes, and I love that and it in poetry itself is unnameable. Oh, I remember working in a bookstore and somebody asked wait, do we put poetry and fiction or nonfiction and I was like you put it in poetry because it's the truth own place. It existed its own space. It's so funny to me. That poetry is the only genre that just hyper confuses people. Yeah times all the times all times. It's like it cannot have rules that cannot be lorded over. It's always expanding. Yes, and it's sort of inscrutable at times right because it's expressing something. Unexpressible or saying something that has never been said or at least saying something in order of words that have never been put together before and that's piscean. Oh so piscean and yeah, so we're really excited to Pisces episode We Stand Pisces up in this podcast you really do you have a cancer in a Scorpio coming at you given us, you know, giving you the third water sign the final water signs and a vinyl sign of the entire zodiac. I've little Pisces Brethren are beautiful watery brother about fishies. So we have quite a packed episode for you today. Again, we're going to be going into Pisces season, of course the full moon in Virgo coming up on Monday the 9th of March water. Magic Dream Magic see magic. Yeah some mythology. We're touching on some ethology. Of course. Our favorite Pisces are famous places that we want to call out to. Some untranslatable words and a little bit of dream talk and also a bit on increasing your intuition, which is the thing you actually can do you can increase your intuition. Yeah, and it's available for all of us. It's out there friends. We're here to help you. It's free dial into it. I'm going to start selfishly with my Pisces info because my moon is in Pisces. Please take it away. And we know that the moon rights. You have your big three your son your eyes and your mouth. Une your son is like your ego and the self that you present and you know, it's the most in touch with who you are. If your rising sign who is like the face the mask that you give your first impressions sort of like your loud personality and then your moon sign which is like your soft emotional feelings. And my moon sign will Solis is moon sign is in cancer, which is a great place to have it because the moon rules cancer, right? My moon is in Pisces. Which makes for a really sensitive makeup we both have very sensitive makeups Lisa. Oh God God. I'll drink to that. We're drinking A really lovely Italian red tonight and I suppose that fits with the Rossetti poem. We just read it. Does it also just fits with Pisces their drinkers toad that is not meant to be an offensive statement. Yeah, and the and I think it's how Italy in general. There's something about that the mythology and the history of it that feels very dreamy and earthy and of the depth, it's well, let's talk about yes ology. That's so Pisces itself. Right is the to fishies. It's the only plural mine, right? This is a particular. Yeah, unless it's you look at maybe. Oh Gemini Gemini is twins be Jerry and then maybe if you look at the skills for Libra, it was a still one system that's been it's like one thing Gemini and Pisces are the only plurals and Gemini's are twins and but Pisces are swimming in opposite directions of each other. They're not actually twins. They're like forces were moving in different directions. Yeah, and I learned tonight. The Greek myth that formed pacey's in Western astrology was that it was Eros and Aphrodite who were got into some trouble with the gods and instead we're turned into fish. Basically. There's a lot more to the story but I love that. It's Ariston Aphrodite because like, you know what they represent in Greek mythology, absolutely love and sensuality. Yes. So I feel like every Pisces I meet is very very obsessed by romance and also has this hyper not hyper sexual in a negative way like hyper sexual in a really delicious like hung so long yes sort of way. And I think that that's really it's something that I think is what is so scrumptious about them that I personally adore. I just I find it interesting because water signs traffic in the in the subconscious. It's like where we exist but Pisces are fish who live In the subconscious they live in the depths. They live under the under the water, you know cancer cancer craps in and out of the water Scorpio sort of looks like an anomaly of a water sign which a lot of the zodiac does not make perfect sense and alignment and those ways but is water because of where it's placed in water because of how it feels and the outer because of its transformative abilities and its adaptability that Pisces like is in it. Yeah, they are the watery assist. And that's often why also besides finding them so alluring I have trouble with them because I do sometimes find that even me as a Scorpio. I just this Scorpio has a certain I think at times stoicism and ability to make shit work for high seas can be undecided well, but it's never a very nature think of the symbology, you know, the crab exists on land and water and needs both. So it has a grounding. Yeah. Scorpio is all On land ready to kill ready to die yet, you know in place is always in the depths. Yeah, so it's going to be I think easier for you to translate cancer feelings more than it is for Pisces. Even if you you understand it though. Ye all speak the same language we do. Yeah just different ways dialect dialects of the same language. Exactly. Great way to put it Elemental dialect. Yeah, someone give us a book deal. No, really and then also the other myth that I think ties in Right is I think Persephone mmm, the goddess of the underworld unwittingly. I love Persephone kidnapped by Hades and taken into the underworld and then thought to you know, when the plants are dead. It's because Persephone's Underground when the plants are alive and she's back up on top and I feel like that's a really piscean Place hmm to be it is soap. I see you would have to be a Pisces to withstand that and I don't know how they do because it does actually feel so exhausting when I look at it. Hmm, so I can't imagine the emotional labor and like self quarreling that goes on in a Pisces but also it teaches us so much about how to exist in that space of it does certainty and and also I guess shifting emotions like safe in that instead of thrown off maybe by it and I do think it's important to like call out at this point and Shout out at this point that because Pisces are like sort of defenseless. I was living in the Deep this sort of moved through the world with like a kindness and a gentility that I don't think exists in a lot of other places and that's not to say they don't have tempers and they don't get heated or you can't be like a bad Pisces, but I just there's so much softer. Yeah, they're the softest sign they are soft and I think if we take anything from Pisces season, it's to kind of like Let Yourself humble in that softness rather than try to wear this armor. That is maybe an authentic right? It does level durability. I will also say on the other side of that with Pisces. They might not be aggressive or have like natural weapons about them, but try to catch a fish in your hands. You can't you cannot catch Pisces. They are not to be caught. Held down they do not want to get in your net and they do not want to get hauled up on share and taken by somebody like there. There are there like protective Little Creatures. I know I love them. So who are some of your favorite Pisces so many other than everybody in my life. Yes talk about how are you affected by Pisces and going to say other than I started being selfish and talking about my moon in Pisces, but I'm also going to mention, you know, our houses matter, right and you add up your houses by your rising sign your rising sign is your first house. House and so I'm a rising sedge, but that means that my fourth house is in Pisces and our fourth house rules family longing those people that like you feel like you've known forever that you have this need to protect or that you want to be protected by that you would just lay down in traffic for your 4th house sign is important those relationships your fourth and 12 are extremely important and your seventh I would argue which is the sign of relationships. My fourth is in Pisces. And I only use my fourth side like my family sign but it's also my mother my stepfather my maternal grandmother my best friend from home who's gone many of my first and most formative boyfriends and relationships. I have like my life is a life of Scorpio and Pisces and the Scorpio is always friends and like super meaningful relationships and the Pisces are like So populated there's just everywhere. What have you learned from Pisces that you carry with you? I think I've definitely learned withholding judgment, you know cancers can be real crabby and happy it things. Yeah. I think I've learned. I always like paid attention to my dreams and I was paid attention to moon cycles and I always felt like in tune with that but Pace, he's just like live there and it sort of gave me permission to be as ethereal and as sort of like subconsciously tuned in the intuitive as I wanted to be Pisces has taught me to trust my intuition. It's so it's so true. I think like ever since I met you we have conversations that easily obviously go into the depths where both Waters And but you did always have. You've said many times to me over the course of our relationship like oh that must mean something or that that's showing up for a reason something like that. And I think that's really beautiful. I mean, I'm very in touch with that myself, but I do think that you like definitely underscore it and it's a kind of a it's a magical quality because I think a lot of the time in the busyness of life and just paying rent and doing the things we abandon or forget to nurture that like beautiful. Undercurrent that dark beautiful ripe with information under current. I'm also going to say that I think Pisces is the hardest to discuss not because I mean I love and respect them and it attracted to them for days. However, they live in like the unnamable. Mmm. They live like pre or post language. I'm not sure which they live from gut and and so it can be hard to like extrapolate. It can be hard to announce yet. You can be hard to, you know be eloquent to me. Mmm about the piscean rap, but we started talking about our favorite place. Yeah, I went personal. Let's talk about our favorite like celebrity. Yeah a most Pisces famous fishies. I mean, there's a lot of them. I love Rihanna. Yes. Yes, and she's Our Queen. She's Our Queen right before we started recording. We watched her video Love on the brain, which if you haven't you should watch it. It's very dream space very subconscious very very sort of mining the depth of the self in order to grow and change. I mean I suppose It's a bit Scorpio, but it is very basic and it's also can't Starion with exact children and every in the family, but it's Casey's I mean pieces is sort of like this this some of Cancer and Scorpio and is also the sum of the rest of the zodiac. Yeah. The last one. Yeah, they carry everybody shit like carry. Everyone's feelings around like think about that. Imagine if that was your lot in life. I mean the ocean is a very big space fast. It's and unknown it's more it's just as unknown as Space is which is about the most wild. I often think about that in bed at night same and it blows my mind and makes me feel all sorts of things. I think about the end of the zodiac all the time because Aquarius is like space to me and Pisces is the sea to me and they're both like the end of like our knowledge and to wear like all of the things we don't know the expanse of unknowable know all the knowledge. We have yet to learn. I feel like exists in Aquarius and Pisces totally and that those things too. Cool down through us but that we can't articulate or understand them or even put them into action, but we feel it and we'll get into that later with words that we've used to describe feelings that are completely untranslatable. I will also argue that Pisces is probably the most psychic sign of the zodiac but I also think they probably don't know what to do with it. I would agree because I've watched Pisces self-sabotage. Yes their own intuition and I'm like, you know, my friend you have the information Nation right here in front of you. You're not using it though, and I guess it must be overwhelming to be receiving messages all the time, which is so another place can thing before we get into the favorite Pisces but Pisces has more than any other sign a proclivity toward vices and a proclivity toward alcohol or being stoned and not in not in like a lascivious like whoo party way Bell like they receive so much information and so many feelings and they don't really have the capacity to name all of Because they're in the unknown that they tend to like self medicate or numb or at least feel more comfortable in those subconscious spaces. Yeah, and it's a real thing like Jack Kerouac the poet, you know, drank himself to death is a Pisces. Yeah, Jason Molina the artist did the same thing. It's like I'm not trying to get dark. I'm just saying it's it is a thing with Pisces that they they they live in the realm of vices and comfort. Yeah. Yeah, and I think and I'm not judging that I have a moon in it. I get it. No, and I mean we're it's funny that we do and have something called Astro Lush actually, but the same time I think we've both whether we're big into drinking or not. Like we both come from a realization that in order to discuss these very deep things often. We intersect our conversations with trauma and memory in the past. It is a lubricant it is and it is one that we Have the option to turn on and off luckily, but we do use it as a mechanism and like there are reasons. I think that very emotional or highly sensitive people like Pisces and like us use things as armor in a way. Is it good. Is it bad? I'm not going to sit here and tell you I'm not yeah, I'm not here to yeah, like lay down a verdict on that. No, but I will say that a lot of great writers are Pisces because I think Part of writing definitely is like as we were talking about with poetry is like, you know traveling through those Realms John Irving, who is somebody who's very like personally important to me. Your favorites is a Pisces and my favorite writer of all time. My favorite novelist Gabriel Garcia Marquez from Colombia. One of the best is magical realism, not the ultimate piscean. I mean magical realism is probably all that I ever need. Yeah for truly truly and I love it because I'm going to get on the like a literary nerd thing for a moment here. But magical realism is not fantasy. It's not like a different world that different rules. It's not aliens or like different planets. Not that I have any problem with that but magical realism exists in the actual real world, but then creates these moments where you have to suspend your disbelief and give over to Faith that something bigger Beyond us exists. And so these moments of like someone flies or someone someone's ghosts and there's no explanation. There's no saying like I'm not being facetious, right? This isn't like a ghost story. I'm just in general. Yeah though and and grandmas just here. Yeah, she's just here now. She's been dead for 40 years. Now. She's sitting next to you. We're going to have a conversation about it. That is extremely piscean to me. But Mark has is my ah, but he hasn't John Irving on my loves John earnings not magical realism, but he he just deals so much of the subconscious and our feelings. So he does I would say another the is My favorite magical realist is probably Isabel Allende. Yeah, my House of Spirits changed my life changed my life to course. I read it back and forth on the subway for days and days and days when I was working at McNally Jackson the bookstore here in New York, which Andy also worked out for many years. You have a lot of overlap. We're kind of redundant. We one of us can get eliminated the other little pick up this little let you choose I just loved it because I Member opening that book and reading about how the one sister was. Basically a mermaid. Yeah, and that was that and there was no explanation and I loved it because when we walk through life in his room right now with us, wherever we are wherever you are listener, there's like this. I don't ask Rim between this and something else and there's that like invisible layer of knowledge and truth and the Divine that's always there with us. We just you know, and whatever it might be it could be something very very Godly. Or not but it's always there. It's always there to be listened to we just sort of live around it and sometimes don't even acknowledge it. Yeah, but anyway, yeah so many more writers Victor Hugo. Yeah, so lame is is yeah piscean Philip Roth Philip Roth John Updike. There's a lot of like modern American lit written by d's Pisces dudes including I find it really interesting. So David Foster Wallace is also a Pisces, but he came after Philip Roth John Updike, maybe John Irving and one other author for being like phallocentric sexist authors and writing from like the dick perspective essentially and yet he himself was of like made of the same. He was cut from the same cloth. Wow. It's really interesting this place. He's swimming in different directions ways with feelings. But then also like I remember reading when I was a little kid that Pisces for the natural which is of the zodiac and then the first famous places I ever. It was Elizabeth Taylor. Oh my God, such a witch such a which such a witch and then Rashida Jones in modern day. She is such a Pisces Queen care. If she wasn't if she wasn't a Pisces I would I would there be an inquisition it would be a problem. I would have guessed that from 10 Paces. Yeah without even maybe seeing her act. Guess that truly adore Rashida Jones. Yeah and her father Quincy Jones. Yeah. Also a Pisces. Oh my God, the force is strong force is strong with this one. Oh Michelangelo might have been a Pisces. Yeah, and and DaVinci was a moon in Pisces. Hmm. Some really good ones. I don't know if I would allow Pisces to be the natural which of the zodiac but I read it as a kid with me. We're here for your arguments. What do you guys think? Yeah, what you guys who do you think is the natural which of the zodiac tweet us because like I might go for an earth sign Lord trouble. That's okay. Hmm. All right. The full moon is that it's coming up on Monday the 9th every time you're in an astrological season, the new moon will be in that sign. So the Newman Pisces was like a February 23rd at 23rd and somewhere around there and then the full moon will be in its opposite. So right now we're in Rihanna season, but the full moon is in Beyonce. Well, we just go from grey to Great Queen the queen. Yeah, and by the way, you you recently downloaded something today that gives you full moon ritual ideas. What was that? I did if you like astrology, you probably already know the name chanting Nicholas. She's our queen queen. She's the Beyonce of astrology. That's true it is that's true. And and she she sells for very very reasonable. These rituals and horoscopes for the new moon and full moon in each in each zodiac sign and so I downloaded the Pisces new moon and full moon. I could not believe how much information I was given. So Lisa and I both listen to our rising sign horoscopes, which are about a half an hour long. Yeah. I'm very detailed and got read to filth you guys. Oh my God, like bread, right the help out. Our Jaws were open. We were just like this is any because you And listen, when we downloaded it there already has been days passed and she covered those days and they were so accurate or so accurate. This is not like a product place never not at all. No as if China knew about the should be like who the hell are you just to say was incredible and we love her and she's amazing anyway, and I'm sure you know of her but she also has a new book your front born for this. Yeah, you were born for this. Yeah. I was going to mess that up a whole bunch. That's okay. There's so many books in the world and it's hard to remember how much I can barely remember. Seriously, my Publishers give me some crazy subtitles. I'm like, I don't know what it's called. Just type my name into Google that is enough to cover you think is cute. Those are great in a sign because it's the opposite energy as you sort of like releasing things and and making promises and and like letting go of the work that you've been doing and that's so so crucial to just feel like especially if you're in your moon sign for that astrological time of the year. You should be trying to Mark in some way that feels meaningful to you these passages. So whether it's new motor full moon, they're both really important to have very different energies. The full moon in Virgo is like give some sure. Yeah, I agree and I think it's like I think it's a great time to reassess what you've got going on and think about ways that you can make it better and Get more efficient and make it work for you emotionally and literally like on your day-to-day I have very I think I Am Naturally not inclined to connect with Virgo for so many reasons that you've all heard on many episodes, but I do think that the very reason that I'm so opposed to it a times is because it goes against my very chaotic nature. So I hope to use this full moon in Virgo coming up to kind of meditate on my life. What's working what's not and get rid of it if it's not Well, I've said it to you before but you feel seen by Virgo it's too and so I think having the full moon and it will be really good for you. Yeah, I need to take to turn that x-ray vision into something that works for me. So what are some what are some rituals that we can talk about? That are helpful. Hmm. I think that for Pisces season. Yeah, I think that Water and dreaming and sleeping are going to come into play here. I fully agree. You love water matter, don't you? I do. I love water magic. Is that a surprise to anyone? Yeah, I think water magic for me can be extremely simple. Like I definitely have more involved and complex rituals that I care about, but I'm not here to talk about those because they involve ingredients and you know words you have to say and I'm here to talk about like Basic thing that anyone can do no matter what your belief system is a really simple really the simplest water magic you can do that. I believe into the core of my very being is taking a salt bath if you don't have a bathtub like if you live in New York, you have a shower you can still do this with like a salt scrub in the shower. It's the it's literal grounding. Hmm and everyone needs it when people are like, I feel really out of sorts, especially during this Mercury retrograde that we're in right now like nothing is going I'm right. I feel untethered my dreams are weird. I feel bloated. I feel like I'm eating the wrong thing. Like I don't know where to go home. I'm like, have you taken a salt bath? Yeah take the salt bath and it's more than just like putting salt in the water. It's like doing it with intentionality. Right? Exactly. It's like knowing that you're putting something into the water that is of the earth and grounded and also, I think just getting your body into water. Kind of helps you become more fluid and lean into that uncertainty course. So and so if putting salt in your bath is magical imagine imagine what do going into the ocean does for you. It's the ultimate grounding salt that it's the great mother and mother ocean. It's the primordial bathtub. We have you met Lisa and I are obsessed Rosa you and I did water magic at the be did we did also but like a really sort of childish. Sounding one but I just hold on to it with everything I believe in which is just writing your worries on shells and then releasing them back into the ocean watching the tide take them away. It's very simple. It sounds extremely simplistic and I'm aware of that. I do other magic you guys but I'm just saying you and me to apologize. This anyone can do this. Yeah, and it's just relieving your it's it's so metaphorical. It's so literal. It's just both right. It's easy. Yeah, and like just watch your worries wash away. Yeah, and I also use it for wishes. Yeah, I do wishes. I do wishes amory's yeah wishes and worries the two great double use of the world. One of my greatest memories of my family, which is a very fractured family. We went to the beach in North Carolina. I don't even know how many years ago 10 years ago. We rented a house. So last time we were all together in like acting like a family and we happened we had a house right on the on the water and it was the full moon the second night. We were there and I love my Pisces and Scorpio mom and dad for like coming in at announcing it like the Moon is up. Everyone can see it get into the water right now, and we all like went out together and just like waited in up to our waists and like held our hands up and just very charged our energy together without like having language for it or like sharing this and need, but they're just like behold this because together you I love you. It was I can't recommend it enough water. Magic is so real you guys. That's so beautiful. What am I worried? Let's go from Ocean to River. Yeah. Yeah. So I I I've been really recently obsessed with the mythology around hypnose. Mmm and the river left which is pronounced Lethe, but I can't train my brain to say it like that. So the ancient Greeks believe that there are pre sleeping rituals like bathing and like certain kinds of dieting that will lead to certain kinds of dreams. And this is pi C season. You want to be working in a dream space paying attention to your dreams writing your dreams down so its Hypno's is the god of sleep and he was the son of Darkness Arabic come on now, I'm so in love already and night Nick's so hypnosis lived in the Underworld which was Lighted by poppies and plants capable of lulling you into a into a dark sleep and I think that's one of the most beautiful images I could ever think of and through this underworld ran the river less which is basically a combination of forgetfulness and Oblivion like sleep because the dreams are always on the edge of your Consciousness your awareness. Yeah. So this is the place where we store our intuition and we risk forever. Forgetting what we just dreamed or learned. So I think that one of the things that we can do as a sort of ritual for Pisces season and in general if you feel called to it is to write a pre-sleep poem or message to hypnosis the god or the archetype. However, you see and hypnose. Maybe you want to sleep without nightmares. Maybe you want to call and guides our ancestors or images the Something and maybe you read the poem and place it beneath your pillow or you like transcribe it onto a little scroll and put it onto your alter something really simple sort of like the ocean the Sand magic but if you think about like hypnosis as not just a God or a mythological creature, but you think of hypnosis as a sort of like part of yourself, then you're talking to that self and that's what like hypnotists do they like move. The Consciousness aside and get right to the subconscious where they can make changes and make activations and do that kind of subconscious work. So think of hypnosis yourself right to that person write poems to that person and I don't know ask for messages in your dream. Absolutely, which I think is like the most incredible thing we can do hmm, which leads into the idea that we're talking about like is intuition something that you can like work on like a tool. Mmm. I vote Yes. You think absolutely okay. Yeah abso. I can't imagine how someone I do think people say. Oh, I'm intuitive. I'm an intuitive. I'm an empath. I think we all are I think we all are it's just how we access it. Yeah, if you're interested in increasing your intuition, I think there are a lot of ways you can do that. One of them actually is like figuring out your moon sign in your chart and sort of writing from the perspective of that like look up. Up what the the aspects are what the personality traits are of that sign and think about how it relates to your emotional self and right from that like journal from it try to write a poem from it try to write a song from it. Anything that comes up is going to get you in touch with your subconscious in your feelings for sure. But I also think really paying attention to your dreams. So not like writing before and having that ritual then you have the dream, right? What do you do with that information after pregnancy? Julia Cameron in the artists way has what she calls morning papers and I really believe in them because the idea is you wake up. And before you like get out of bed, if you don't have to get out of bed or for me ip and come back, let's be fair, but you can you can write in your Journal before you do anything else with your brain and you're still sort of remembering your dreams and you're able to get some of those messages and catch them a little bit like all those like squiggly little fish, you know? Yes. Yeah you and your Natalie you're not going to get all All of them, but you're going to catch a few of those little fishies. Yeah, I love that and they're there for you know to tell you something right it is I mean it is so so real I think that dreams are hugely valid pieces of information that just like beg to be heard. There's a book called intuitive witchcraft by astraea Taylor. Yes Astrid Taylor is really lovely and I can't recommend it enough really really like supportive and wonderful and kind To author and which and yeah, check out intuitive witchcraft. I think that might set some of you down there intuitive paths speaking of this should we talk about our recurring dreams that's a good idea as as you pour I was going to I was going to say one more thing though. Yeah. Yeah one more thing which is going to sound sort of hate to sound like flaky or like General but you're not a huge part of intuition is actually just trusting it and not writing. Get off and when you have a gut feeling or your brain is giving you information that you're saying like I don't have a basis for that or that doesn't feel logical or grounded in in something tangible like paying attention to those those signs those signals those feelings. I think is crucial right? I don't if something feels like this is too coincidental to you know, be just a coincidence. It probably is Meaningful. That's like what I'm constantly telling my friends when they are like telling me whether I work. From dreams or they're telling me about the way somebody made them feel instantly or I have this job offer, but I have this gut feeling about it that I had a nightmare that this happened and I'm like, yeah, that's your sign and just increasing your intuition also literally just means trusting it. Yes, and we've been told for so long, especially any sort of marginalized or silenced person to not trust it because we're invalid or whatever. It might be. I'm going to argue that there's a lot of sexy. Awesome, and not trusting intuition. Yes that every everything good and everything, you know enlightened has been given to logic and math and reason and Science and obviously I respect and love all of those things course, but there's another side to it and in Pisces sort of like lives in it, whether they want to or not, you know, they can be the most logical like journalist, you know straightforward person, but they have these instincts in them that other people just you know, don't I think sometimes Babbling, you're not going to enjoy it is that I think part of our distrust of like feeling is rooted in sexism. First of all, because women weren't educated at the same level that men were for centuries fucking centuries. We weren't allowed in colleges and medical schools and we had to you know, make ourselves Strega and make ourselves folk witches and make ourselves midwives to do the same work that we knew was correct, and anyway know your intuition. Is hugely important to your knowledge and to your character. There's actually I think so much that developed out of intuition. It's like Society started noticing. Oh that's it's weird every time like the moon does this thing like my farm change? Yes, like if they didn't trust that there would be no understanding of everything. I mean weather and astronomy astrology the tides like to Question is to learn. It's also just it's okay to make note of things and to feel odd sometimes like a w e-- d odd like yeah in awe of it's okay to feel all it's okay to feel like you don't have like a logical answer for something that is still an answer absolute and you still came to it through like a series of neurons firing off in your brain just the same as you would by doing a math equation. Honestly any time anyone says some shit about intuition. I'm just like we live on a spinning ball in darkness with no end and no beginning that we will ever understand. So give me a fucking break shut. You don't have the answers. Yes. I know everything that can read your peer reviewed journals. I'm gonna be over here spinning on this crazy ball our space which is to say that we both still completely respect math science literature course vaccinate your fucking kids. But yes, these are real thing. Please do please do take medication. We will do not turn to astronomy. Takes your mental health is crazy Gateway like none of this shit. Yeah, they know you we need, you know, we need we need science and medicine. Yes. That is it's just really also need to dabble in the occult. And the ultimate just like just explore our human brains. Exactly. It's the see it's like the sea we haven't figured the see we haven't figured out space. We haven't figured out the brain we have and there's not much of it being used. Yeah clearly judging by the political cabinet today you guys But all right. Sorry, I had to add that. No, it's okay. We just threw a temper tantrum in our podcast about stopping my foot the Earth and politics and intuition. So speaking of that beautiful liminal space. We've come to our untranslatable word segment, which is you think don't have a bar in Brooklyn a few like week that sounded so hipster, but we did but it was a fact it's true. We sat in a bar in Brooklyn. Normal clothes that help. Yeah, we were wearing leggings because we walked across the bridge we did. We had a healthy day and we came up with this segment as we just like kind of had a little like tears in our eyes thinking about like life and beauty and Pisces true. I think that's probably what we do in general it is it's what we do hanging out. This is a hoot. Okay your tissues Okay about the idea of the drunken has finally hit the very end of the recording here. We are you guys we were like really good for now. We're swimming in it hear me babbling going off on tangents. I feel like it's true. We hit the 35 minute Mark and there's just giggle. I'm getting into like conspiracy theory territory, but the Earth is flat. Don't even go there andy right now. Don't you dare do that to this podcast. I know people take it. Seriously them like these bitches think the Earth is these flat that's what happens when you get into astrology. That's how astrology works because the Earth is flat. Oh my God, untranslatable. Untranslatable Work Well the concept right the concept which I love is that other cultures and other languages have these terms for things that we don't have in English, and I'm sure there are Things we have in English that don't translate into other languages as well. But to me how piscean is it to have this term that is a universal feeling that lives in the collective subconscious going would have a fucking Heyday over this. Oh my God, but we don't have an equivalent for it. We all we have like a jumbled set of ideas. Where were like, yeah the thing but other cultures have like boiled down and made a word right? I love that. I love that. I love that house. A poetic is that I mean it is it's just like the very essence of The Human Condition. Yeah, it's incredible to me truly. Do I start with your favorite? Yeah. All right. I'll go with my favorite which I learned because my boyfriend is I just like what word where did that come from? No, because I use when I say boyfriend, I think to myself that just sounds like I'm part of The Baby-Sitters Club or something. I like I guess I could become your man friend because that's gross my man. I don't know. That's really like kind of tough. Yeah, my partner but that feels like we're like doing law together. Yeah. Anyway, so your significant other. Yeah my spouse. He guy he's Brazilian and I learned this word in Brazil from his Brazilian dad. So dodgy I suppose it is a Brazilian Portuguese word versus a Portuguese word. But please correct me if I'm wrong you guys said dodgy is like a feeling of longing melon. In Collier Nostalgia a yearning for something that has already passed and it's like that. It's not sad. It's not happy. Yeah, it's that melancholic Bittersweet iourney feeling that's like both a beautiful memory and also like a deep hunger for that which cannot be brought back and I love that and that's like honestly if someone were to write me a tombstone, they would just put like Lisa. Like master of so dodgy. Alright your Tombstone. Yeah. That's all I do. I just sit here all day thinking about the past and try and understand it and honestly, that's one of my probably the biggest flaws. It's hilarious because my term is very similar. We are some water signs might as well sure. I'm not actually go and wash my mother's family's Welsh I might be mispronouncing. I tried to look it up and I'm you know, don't speak Welsh but here I see here today. Which is kind of a homesickness for something that didn't really ever exist. It's like when you're lonely for your childhood home, but that wasn't perfect either or you're lonely from the place that you moved from but that wasn't the place you belong to either and it's this feeling of just like a general homesickness that can't be cured because you can't go back there. I'm going back there wouldn't do you any good, but you still want it. It is honestly the stuff of my life that is the state of mind. Exactly. I continually obsess on the color of my bedroom walls. Yahweh the light poured in through the window and the way that smelled in the morning on my mom made coffee, but things were still fucked up. Yeah. I remember the cracks in the ceiling and seeing different shapes in them and I can tell you exactly what the witch riding a broom looked like in the cracks and I can tell you that the one looked like a funny old man and I can tell you exactly the smell of my curtains that were made of like cheap cotton when I would open my windows in the spring and the summer. Son went and the air would come in. I know exactly what that smell is. But things were so bad, you know and not all the time right bad childhoods are like bad every single day for seven, of course not but the fact that like I yearn for that familiarity and I yearn to go back to this time, but I can and I can't and it wasn't good. I got a guy obviously there's this Instagram post that I don't remember the name of anymore and I will I'll tweet it out when I do. Over but it was about missing and it really resonated with me for the reasons you and I just talked about it was like you are allowed to miss things that weren't necessarily good for you or maybe sometimes wear because you are trying to make sense of it and it brought you something and did some for you and that just gave me a lot of permission because I do find myself in that state. I'm sure they both got teary just now we did just even thinking about these things readers I mean listeners. Dear reader dude Rita. Sorry, not the technology raising listeners. Do you have anything that you feel so dodgy or here I think about we chose the words to be sort of pisceans. We do have one more. Yes, but I also think is very piscean. Mmm same and is probably just better known because the amazing Spanish poet Federico Garcia Lorca wrote about it. Duende duende duende. Do you want to launch it? Like you can do this Justice to okay, I loved one day. So basically it's like a state a heightened state of emotional response to Art a reaction to something beautiful and create a creative thing that you are in love with you're watching happen your get it's giving you chills that you're watching happen or you're taking part of that moment. Yeah, you're reading the poem you're watching the dance. I think it was often used in. Spanish culture for watching Flamenco because it's such a passionate dance, but it could be like you're I don't know what like my friend Heather Davis Scorpio extraordinary about this all the time how like in real life. We have a hard time, you know, really feeling our feelings in the moment with people where a little bit repressed in that way. You can have a fight with your partner and keep it dry. And then we watch a movie and there's like one tender moment and we're just bawling our eyes out like she and I me too. Bucket of tissues every time we watch a movie together and that's we know we have really strong duende. It is a strong duende. All right. I know what you mean. It's just that like elated state of being so connected Into The Human Condition. I'm addicted to that feeling I have to tell you I have like, you know, I said that like, you know homesickness is something that like kind of wish I didn't have, you know does make me write better. It makes me connected to literature but Dwayne they like I could never get rid of and you can't live without it's a surge of electricity. That just makes you feel okay about is this gift. It's a gift. It's a gift like if you sit and watch something so beautiful and you're just unmoved or you just are looking at it for technical Perfection. Like you're fucking missing out. You're crazy psychopath. Yeah, you're not piscean. No and Flamenco I think is so so I understand why it's all related to one day because Flamenco is this just like all of the body hyper-emotional just dancing from the sand. Being from music playing from the soul. Yeah. It's so Body and Soul forward and I love it. The music is gorgeous. Heart wrenching. Let's go watchful like oh, let's leave their country and go do something else. You know, what we did skip over we skipped over our recurring dreams. Oh, I didn't realize that. Yeah. Okay. Do you want to go over do you want me to start? This is deep. All right, we have 12 minutes. All right, okay, which one? Do I want to tell you about your worst? I'm just kidding. Tell me the one that you feel most core po all right, I'll tell the one they're both really any way to dreams. I've had recurring since childhood up until about one of them. I remember starting to have this dream about the three or four years old and I only have it maybe once a year now and honestly when I wake up in the morning from it, I feel like I've been visited by something. I am grateful I am I'm so Overjoyed that this dream hasn't left me. I have a lot of nightmares. I have a lot of stress dreams a lot of really nonsensical things. But this one comes back to me every time and it sort of isn't exactly the same play out of events, but it's always the same place same idea. And in this dream it's in the desert and there's a large tent and I'm in it and there are many women in there and there's a huge fire in the middle and a cutout at the top of the tent. Aunt and I'm wearing robes and there are women in states of like bleeding through their period there are women postpartum with their new babies. They're just women in all states of like being women bodily physically and what really strikes me other than that is that I have a conversation, you know, I'm talking in this dream. I'm always like in charge of something and the language that's coming out of my mouth is not a language that I know. But in my head I know exactly what it is. But I remember the weird feeling of speaking a language that I don't know. I don't know what it is. But in the dream the dream you feel in the dream. I'm hearing the what I'm saying saying, what is what am I saying? What am I hearing? But my brain is translating the whole time and I'm sort of I'm overseeing all these women in various states of needing care and my other Recurring dream is kind of the same theme in a different place and I would say era based on like what people are wearing, but I I don't exactly know why I'm visited with this dream all the time. But I am 30 years old. I probably had this dream 35 times. You told me this one of the first times we hung out. Of course I did that's what water signs do when they make friends, but it's interesting to me because it's like this really has been something that's part of you. Yeah, I I often I think a dream has a deeper meaning connected to a feeling. Yes, but in this I almost feel like it's not just a feeling but a sort of memory or ancestral download that you're receiving. I wonder about that that it's so it feels so primordial when it would dream starts. I smell it and people say that you can't smell in your dreams. But for me, there's like a certain blend of I think it's like incense or something. That's burning on the fire. And that's the first thing that happens is I smell that and then I'm back there. When did this dream for start? I think it was like for for hmm. Oh, wow. Okay to me. It feels like maybe you are trying to save women in some way the dream Also let her say like it happens usually doesn't happen on the same day. It doesn't seem to happen on like meaningful. Mmm dates and a trigger moon or birthday. It's I can't find any sometimes see her and a half between it sometimes it's less it sometimes it's more. I can't find any Discerning pattern at all. What does your intuition tell you I don't I'm scared to say it for sounding, you know, got it like flaky. I just I don't know if you'll really tapped in and connected. You know that I'm Arabic as well as being Italian American and I it feels it feels Arabic which is like an ignorant thing to say, but I'm like a white American so, you know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't want to I don't want to dig too deeply because I don't want it to go away sure. I don't want to like analyze it into Oblivion. Yeah, it's just extremely comforting and it feels like I'm home. My hair ice is cured in this dream. That's Landy that is so beautiful. So what about you? Mine is very different it. I don't think it's connected to a past or memory or anything like that. It's I think I think a trauma-based dream I think but I don't know because I think I started having it when I was very little before the trauma occurred. So it doesn't make any sense if that were the case, but I've always had this dream it stopped when I was about E5 oh wow, but I've had it since I was about six of my father and I sitting in a parked car that was owned by my grandfather. And him parking us under a giant like electricity Tower one of those silver things in the side of the highway and it's sparse and we're in like an empty Meadow type thing off of a highway. It feels ominous. The sky is gray and he sits with his hands on the wheel looking forward and I beg him to look at me and talk to me and I'm in the passenger seat and he refuses. Yeah, and I probably this maybe 20 times about it and each time. It's very Vivid and each time. I More and more for him to see me and acknowledge me and it's not like I want to get out of the car. I want to be seen. Yeah, and I don't know what it is about the electricity Towers. There are a lot of them when I was growing up. So maybe they filtered into my mind. I always felt they were very scary and technological looking and alien almost so I think my brain sort of looked at it like a like a beastly giant tower that I can oh, wow. I just realised. Realized that our that I like I have to climb. Yeah something as you're saying this I'm like, yeah, you're unloading it your yeah. I didn't realize that but eventually it stopped and I did have a hard relationship with my dad and I were very close and I'm wondering if part of it is like a healing from or I don't even know. I don't really know because in dreams like I don't know if your father is actually your father. Mmm your father might be the universe to you at if you started having that dream before when you were like Everything and they drama you divorce like maybe your dad is the world and you just you just want to be heard and you want to be seen and maybe it's a feeling of neglect or feeling uncared for against all these like towers that you have to climb or feeling like you've just been born to have something to say and not knowing where to put it and that's a lot that's a lot of assumption but I'm saying you can look at this very personally as a relationship between your father and you or you can look at this as like a four-year-old girl in The Way She views her father is basically God you are. I've never in my life thought about that and that feels very right. I've always felt different separate invisible since I was a child and that these electricity Towers which are like producing connection between people and such a terrifying way. It's me. It feels it feels like a cry to the universe into the modern world both more than it feels familial. I just feel like I got the chills like therapy session. This is what we do for fun. Everyone's like noted but won't hang out with them. Don't try to is fucking weirdo. Well, that was really beautiful glad that we could share that and listeners. If you'd like to share your dreams, you put a tweet out comment Instagram has let me smoke. Whatever send us your send us your dreams would love to talk about them. Even if it is area season. There's no time for that shit and area. That's fine. We're always were watery or an office of watery feelings. So please anytime and thank you for listening. Thanks for listening. We'll be back in Aries season with all that creative fiery energy for you. Yes. Thank you for swimming deep with us tonight. We really went there tonight we all and we will bring our game are guessing game our celebrity get it. Is it all coming back? We promise we promise we just had a lot of surface brought ground to cover. Yes. We had a lot of making up to do. The the fun stuffs coming back next episode you guys we promised we love you and appreciate you so much and happy pie season. Happy full moon coming up do something good for yourself. And if you like us, can you just share it with one friend? Can you just share this with a friend just one not trying to hock our Goods, but if you like us where you know, we're new and up-and-coming and we would love for you to share us with just one person. You think might appreciate it. Thank you. We love you. Goodnight. Goodnight Esther babes.