Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me. Just the start of unplugging everything like that. And I feel like I'm so privileged and excited to have you as like my first guest and here so we're just going to talk a little bit about self-care and if you guys are interested or have any questions, please do send them through to us. So I'm Katie. I'm currently doing my bachelor of communication media. I spend like shameful amount of time on YouTube when I'm working. I like to move my dog and that's pretty much all my life. Life is for now. Yeah, that's why yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so we were talking about self-care and obviously, you know that this whole topic today is about like self love and loving yourself and I did ask you to come with the quote that you like live by or something that was saying that you tell yourself every time you you know, you're feeling bad or you know, you need to encourage yourself from athletes yourself. Sorry about the noise guys, if this comes up on the podcast, but like what are some of the things like what is he saying that you have a you know, you say to yourself. Of just to keep yourself, you know, I beat and yeah just encouraged in genuine was a couple of different like ideas that I've heard across different platforms. So watching YouTube or whether it's following someone else's social media who advocates for self-care but a big one is like talking to yourself kindly. Yeah. So not everyone has, you know negative self-talk. I'm sure it split pretty self-explanatory. Plant story as to what that actually is. Yeah entails the speaking to yourself kindly in a way that you are forgiving and like not so hard on this awful time. So might seem a bit silly or a bit cheesy, but one really simple one is like, you know that like being appreciative for your legs for being able to being able to carry you and across the earth and its really little things like Just forgiving yourself and focusing on what you do like about yourself and the effort that you put in and going. Okay. I tried really hard today. You know, I'm going to treat myself to I love that look nice or if you made a mistake instead of saying something negative to yourself like, oh, I'm so stupid. I'm an idiot. Yeah say like, oh that was really wrong with me. But now I know not to do that next time like twisting the negative talk into something that can be improved upon and and seeing a different. We and that's a hard thing to practice I agree. But yeah, just little things. I agree and I always say that, you know be kind to yourself like listen to yourself not no. Sorry be kind to yourself in what you're saying because like you're listening. Yeah, because like, you know, you say things like, oh, I'm so dumb. Oh, yeah, and I look ugly every time I'm wearing this, you know, and I things like at that point when you're saying you think it's just like any other random thing you're saying but you know realizing like later on is that that starts to build in? Inside of you because subconsciously it becomes a big thing and that you normally don't even like, you know think of like as a big deal but soon as you woke up and someone says it you realize how effective you know, that thing is you have to really cut I agree with that and I started doing that as well. It's like when I do feel like oh my God, I'm looking fat or looking too thin. I'm looking a certain way so funny because I their days where you like want to thin and then other days you like I'm too fat and then you're like then you see someone who's in a wheelchair or someone will come, you know, they're not Able to help themselves and you're like, oh my God, like how could I say this? You know, even if I was the fattest like at least I have my both my legs to walk. I have my arms to carry things. I have eyes to see like some people don't have that. I think with self-care is all about perspective. You need to have perspective to understand that you know, I might not have this but I have this that person might not have that but I have it all first verse that you know, I mean, yeah, that's and I think that's so important is self gaze at the standing like there's something That I can offer the world and start there's some things I can't and being happy with that. You know, we think we need to have it all figured out and I don't you know, is that like yeah, I totally agree. There's been guys are like, why don't I know this I should know this. Yeah, and I just don't have all the answers. Yeah, and I get angry at myself not having the answers, but I think am I really going to have the answers right now. Probably not exactly the learning curve and I think I because I'm always like Oh by the age of this certain age and supposed to be in this place and Supposed to be thinking like this and supposed to have this type of things but the thing is like I think well or do you just like we're all different as human beings. I feel like experiences are also different like maybe someone my age has already experienced everything maybe they've never experienced anything I've experienced. But I feel like you have to set like Silk it comes about like for me. My understanding is like when your self love is so important because then you can give that love and you can receive that love and also able to be compassionate with other people as well. So that's how I'm always like that. Love yourself love everything even the things you're not aware of yet. Love them. Like we're just talking before about how we've been having like an identity crisis like for me. I think I had my identity crisis at the beginning of this year. And I still am and I'm very comfortable with that. I think at the beginning I wasn't comfortable with not being sure about who I am about like, you know, the decisions that I'm making in a place I'm going people I'm hanging out with a my piece is the right people to be surrounding myself with Myself with or you know, am I being authentic with who I am if I'm then not questioning them and it's kind of like pushing these people away. So it's been like a learning curve and also like you know, my working too much don't want to work you'd want to be there like what do I want with my life and also finding like myself and my identity. I think that's been a major thing. You know what I mean? Like, is there something that you've experienced or what do you what would you say in that because I know we were speaking on that so You means I mean, I mean do it quickly before you like, what would you like? You said to me before that at the I think will last you is when you were like going to the whole identity that coup in my like what am I doing? You know, I mean, like what do you think caused that? Do you think you would just like You put yourself in that position because I feel like we can in a way but I cells in it was like for me and my person likes asking questions. Yeah, and because of my curiosity it leads me in places where like does not answer so they are in his but I'm not ready yet for those answers. Yeah, and it could just be for example religion for me. It would be like I have a relationship with God but then at the same time I have questions about him. Yeah, I don't understand and it's like do I want to keep going with that task? Those questions do I just keep walking blindly or do I just you know kind of like Embrace those questions and I'll allow myself to be either deeper in my relationship with God or be in a place where I do not have the answers, but I'm okay with that. Do not even like have you ever been in a position when you know, you've been like oh my God, what am I doing? Like all the time all the freaking like I'm constantly asking myself like what am I doing? Like all the time? I could be a work, you know. No putting a box away and I'm like, well, I've been doing I know this doesn't feel right. But yeah, totally like I think yeah the end of last year was a big time where I was asking myself these questions very deeply, you know deep context going straight out of you 12 into my first year of uni, it was a big adjustment. Yeah, and it was in a way it was how do I explain it? It's it's Is a big adjustment High School Union Street are very different things. But in the sense of like the workload in the study and their Tommy after putting outside of uni, like the homework part of it and I think that was very much the same. Yeah and trying to stay committed and focused in jumping from high school into uni, it was just a bit full-on and very overwhelming. Obviously after you 12. I was a bit like burnt out from all the studying. Young and I was just like I need I need a holiday which I did end up going on a holiday, but I don't think it was enough to really wrap my head around everything that was going on. It was never going to break. Yeah, because there was only a few months at the time but those were months where I was going to parties and being social and trying to wrap my head around how people work and if I like these people or not. Yeah, so that was a big adjustment and then going into uni like straight after The end of V12 and after high school and just jumping into a bunch of new people that I'm trying to get to know and trying to impress and have good first impressions. It was like very mentally exhausting. Yes had to focus on the actual study and work load and that was a lot. I forgot where I was going. Um, yeah, but it was it was a lot in at the end of last year at the end of my first year of uni, I was very like, okay, this is too much I need To take a break from this. Yeah, and I basically decided that I wasn't going to come back to do my second year of uni, and I didn't have like a proper job at the time. I like last year. I jumped through like six different kind of stitch up jobs that ya neck didn't have a routine didn't have yeah, like structure my whole schedule from Monday to Sunday was very wacky. Yeah and out of place, but The break just going over the summer break just gone. I feel like I've been able to build a routine. You've all those little parts of my life. That didn't have structure. Yeah, and once those are improved and once I put myself in a place where my well-being was taken care of. I feel like I was ready to go back to UNI. So but that's that's there's a story behind all of that. Well, obviously, I I moved house I'm living with different people bunch of people now here different family. I don't live with my immediate family. So that's changed. Yeah, which is actually improve my well-being in some ways helping me to have a clearer mind. I got a new job and that's that set me up some type of structure. I can meet new people that way through work. Yeah, which kind of forces you to talk to new people and and that's all learning curve. But yeah having the summer break and structuring ones for bit better. Yes. Give me a bit of clarity at like the break from last semester out of Semesters quite long. Yeah long as really lames. Yeah, it is like I think I'll break the brakes are from like November and you have all the way to until like March. Yeah. It's a long time. He's not for money. Exactly and I feel like that's a time for you to you know, get into that self-care look after yourself, you know, you know take out some unwanted company in your life and I feel like that's so important just with that getting off topic. I feel like both passionate about my talk. I'm regardless of what we're talking about. It could be talking about something random for you. You know what you're like, oh my god. Did you ask me a question? Yeah. So what are some of the things that you're doing? I cannot to look after yourself or things that you're doing because even though you're in a new space and you feel you know, you feel like you know that like you're finding yourself. You still have to put things in place a hundred make that you know, like a good thing, you know, I mean like so you're appreciative of not just the opportunity that's been given to you. But what are you doing to make it like for yourself? Yeah, that made no sense. But yeah you go buy despite how how much of an adjustment I had to make with this transition moving from one place to another it was it was it was an adjustment to say the least like that's in a nutshell. It was an adjustment and I love being able to move and be with a different family be with new people and experience like different perspectives on things different lifestyle. We're living it in a way that was a little bit overwhelming and Adjusting to new people and how they are and their lifestyle and their personalities that can be a lot as well and the overwhelming. Yeah, so I think taking time out a few times a week to just go on a walk by myself allocate time where I can be alone as well as well as because I live with my partner now, we spend a lot of times in the same room. And from time to time. I do need those moments of just me where I can think for myself and not A defined by the people who have a you are some of us opinion, you know, so I think I'm just going for a walk and listening to a podcast so my own and thinking about that reflecting on that and reflecting on just my you know, the past few months and not overthinking it over thinking that something we ought to be had. Yeah, it can control when you have a think if you just like be reflective and and not think too hard about the past but but I think just yeah like it's asking myself questions. Like where am I going now? Where do I want to be and and just not thinking too hard, but just being reflective and just just in general taking time out to be alone and think for yourself where no one is defining you I don't do. Yeah, I think like self-care I agree with you as well self care is so important that you you learn to be by yourself and I feel like A lot of us are very afraid to be by ourselves. Like we don't want to be in a room by ourselves because this kid like, oh my God, like I'm gonna be by myself all these thoughts that I have when I'm with other people. I want to be stuck with these thoughts by myself. So you get in your in this space where you're like so scared to you know to to be by yourself, which is really weird because like there are days where I like I used to be scared to speak by myself just like in general because I'm like, oh my God, like every time I'm by myself I overthink about what I didn't do, but I need what needs to be done. Done, but I think that it's really important that you're in a space where you are literally, you know, allowing yourself to think allowing yourself to grow allowing yourself to be, you know to think about the things you've the decisions you've made in saying that I think it's so important to be by yourself. If you can't be by yourself, why should anyone else be with you? Like what she didn't want to be in your space? Yeah, you know what? I mean? And it's like that's going back to the to the court. We said at the beginning like, you know, you have to love you. Except you a hundred percent. Yeah, accept your flaws accept the good things and the bad things and I think that there are bad things about yourself that you know that you can change and it's self care and self love for me is being able to identify those things that you don't like about yourself and then actually not being not just being a complainant. So you just complaining and saying, oh my God, this is what I hate about me, but you're not doing anything to change that for example, there are certain things you can change for example if maybe you You don't like the way that your weight is for example, not trying to come out anyone right now, but like if weight is that is an issue. There are things you can do for that. You can you can do exercises, you know, if you know, there are certain things that you can do something and there are certain things. You can't change about yourself. And those are the things that you can't change. You need to learn to love. You know, I mean, I think that you can change you need to actively do something to change those things. Yeah. I totally agree. I think you need to love yourself before you can love. Anyone else? Because if you don't accept yourself for who you are you don't make peace with all your flaws here it he's exactly then. It's going to make it really hard to be around other people. And so I make real connections and have good relationships. And so I totally agree. Yeah, that's my insecurities comes from because you're like, oh my God like that girl has what I don't have you know me know that person has this here and I wish I was I look like this, you know what I mean? And it's like if we all look the same like doubt, that would be a Boring, I don't think it would be and for me when you were saying that you moved like you've moved out and you're just my new surroundings. I could relate to that a lot because last year I was very like in a very weird place just because I was working in my work. I was working in finance and in violence in that role would doing literally the same thing over and over again. I'll get doing like 20 cases when I'm just repeating the same procedure. 20 times and by the time like I went home I was just exhausted because I'm a very creative person and I consider myself a creative person. I cannot do the same job over and over I get easily bored. I get easily irritated and it will always be doing something internally. Yeah. Yeah now that I'm in like my got a new row in my work and I'm working like with Logistics sometimes and I'm working back tomorrow is literally to work within the government in different sectors. All the time which means by the time I get to work on finance like I'm not as old or I'm not as angry. I'm not as lightfast. Yeah right at that time. I just you know, and for me the reason why I think that kind of connects you self care is being able to identify who you are as a person like I know for myself that I don't like doing the same thing. I don't like repetitive Rose. I hate being in the same position. I hate being in are in a relationship, but we're doing the same thing. You know, I mean, I like to do different things all the time. So it helps me then to know myself and for the person that I'm waiting for my friends to know that become do the same thing with Lydia all the time and that comes first but identifying that that's what I like. Are you no one can come and satisfy you in a way if you don't even know how you like being satisfied. That's you know what I mean? Yeah, so you need to learn like what is it that I like and what is it that I don't like so that if you meet people who do that thing that you don't like, you know, Yourself to get yourself out of that situation. Yeah, and if you know you like certain things and that person is bringing it, you know, then you stay with them. And I know it's a bit selfish, but you have to because I the reason why I'm saying it's a bit selfish because it's all about like what makes me happy to other things sometimes but I feel like as long as you're being yourself people who are who you attract will also be attracted to the person you are so it won't be like a selfish thing. Yeah. That's what I think. I mean, yeah. Like it's good to have structure in a relationship. But it's also good to not completely repeat the same thing every day and it's good to have a bit of a bit of variety in the activities. It's an together. For example. Yeah, I completely agree. Yeah keep the element of surprise exactly don't make agreements alive. Exactly. I mean exactly to have it really is I think like with everything like in life not just relationships like a name for yourself like you have to be able to be with someone and be able to do different things and be happy, you know be happy. So for me, but I'll do for self care for me is I like cleaning my room and I saw yeah, I love I love a clean room. I love when I have my room is so clean and then I have my candles in my bedroom. And literally if you come in my house my bedroom, I could literally make a house call on fire because there's so many candles but it smells amazing. I just like being in that room and I just When the fan is on when I sleep I'll cover myself. It's your but I like being cold. So I put on the thin and cover myself so I can feel like it's a warm, you know night and when I wake up I just felt oh my God, like I'm so refreshed. I feel so happy. And yeah and I started doing swimming every Saturday morning. So that's been amazing because I realized like I hate doing exercise. I hate it like I do, you know, some people like can go to the gym in Black. Yeah just keeps on changing Randall, you know wearing this, you know, the gym where yeah, How do you do that? Like we chose like that? I tried that last year and it just didn't work for me. Yeah. Yeah. I made a good attempt at that. And yeah, I totally get it. Yeah, and they say that you know, there's a lot of things going around now like, you know, Marie kondo for exam here. She's a very organized person all about keeping your living space. Yeah and minimal and decluttering and you know, a lot of people say that you're the state of your Environment represents the state of your mind. Yeah. Yeah. And so if you've got a messy closet of room that might be what you're going through at the time you might be like real organized very crazy the chaos happening. Whereas you're organizing can kind of put things in place not only physically but mentally and you are yeah perspective on what you want to focus on next exactly. Yeah, because we agree, you know II agree with that like I feel that what my room is clean when my books are organized like like even if I don't read those books, but they're organized them life. You know, I'm a step ahead. That's good. Laughs good Next Level months. Yeah, exactly and I think that's important and yeah just being in a clean room for me is amazing. And also I had this book where I would write names of people. That's another thing I was going to tell you because I feel like decluttering is so important for self-care and it's not just your room. It's not just you know you Face, I feel like it's also people as well in your life. Yeah, so I had a book and I would write like it's like a journal. I like journaling. Yeah. I feel like that's also part of myself kaswell is journaling and writing everything that's in my mind if I have it in my book. Like I feel like I could never let people read my journal just because sometimes it's a bit like today. It's very personal. I just write everything I'm thinking about and I'm writing my book and I would have names of people who I felt made me feel certain ways and I put them there and I'll put a list as well. So this is a tip for anyone who deals with cutting people off because I I think I was think the good of people so like so when I do that I end up leaving and you know having so many toxic people in my life and make me making excuses for them by going to bed really crappy and feeling really, you know, yeah really bad about myself. And so what I would do is I'll write down like a list of their names. Yeah, and then on the side, I'll put in like, oh, I don't like, you know, this is how they make me feel. If the list was like there was good things. Then there were bad things. I'll be like, oh, you know what? These are things that we can work through? These are things that we you know, it's part of every relationship that you'll be home tomorrow. Yeah, exactly the things that we can talk about and if they're my friends are going to change I'm going to change. Yeah and you know, Melissa ended up having like less friends, but I could tell you the truth is like I'm in a place where I am. So like in terms of people human beings, I'm in a good place like I don't have anyone in my life right now who I wouldn't Do anything for I wouldn't you know, I'm not I'm not angry. Like I've every one of them. I'm very happy with them. And I feel like it's made my mood changed so much because I hated being in relationships with certain people just even girlfriends where I'll be in a feeling less of myself or I feel like I needed to compare, you know be like, okay. Yeah compare myself or some cases for myself down so they can feel happy about themselves and things like that, which is quite weird. So like yeah, Just shouldn't be competition. Yes. This is a competition. Yeah people be around people who make you feel good about yourself. Exactly. And I think that's part of self-care is like being able to take people out of your life who are not doing anything positive energy. So important. I think that if you're with people and they're just bad energy when you're with them, you just feel anxious might actually feel anxious around your friends, you know, that's just weird Uncle General. Like I feel like declared like taking them out and getting them out of my life was one of the good things that I've done for myself. Yeah, I could like okay Lydia, you know what every single person in my life. I appreciate them. I think I'm still talking to you today is because like you mean something to me as someone who I talked to her for like, oh my God, I'm empowered. I want to do better. What about you do have you do is that one of the things that you do in your self-care is always it's not something you practice in terms of like being with people. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's I think it is important to evaluate the relationship you have with people around you. Yeah. We agree like evaluating whether or not someone is worth your time. I've actually done that with some family members. Yeah, and I don't have hard feelings towards people. I like to see the good in the bad like you said, but I think it is important to evaluate how they make you feel and whether or not it's worth spending a certain amount of time with you and and maybe changing that if they don't make you feel good. About yourself maybe don't like allocate as much time to them. Yeah, Emily wood and just just like limit yourself in terms of time. I've got some really good friends that I love spending time with and I adore them. I would do anything for them like you said, but sometimes I have to limit myself so you how much time I actually spend with them. Yeah, because it does become a bit Yeah to 11 I think everyone. Yeah, I think you can spend like my dad. There's this saying in my language you say a bull Dyke it can live together at no big not once not touch homes. Like they have to touch our a certain point they're going to hit each other and it's not because they want to do it because they're walking in the same place like it's impossible for them not to keep ya not to clash as well as like you can't wear white all day and not get dirt on it. You know what I mean? That's the same thing with relationships or friendships or any type of relationship even with your family, especially if my friend We're very very close to we're very close and because of that we find ourselves like I'll give you my car for the time doing. Yeah, totally. It's always arguing and it's because it's not that we don't love each other anything like that. It's just because we're always together and that's one thing I realized is that you need to have like your own time. Otherwise people who don't need to be out of your life. You can easily take them out just because home it the way that you guys are communicating in the way that you're talking is because you're spending too much time and that we live in a society now where like literally not Us have our own like delegated time where you're just by yourself because even if you're by yourself, you're on your phone a hundred percent. No, I mean you're on your phone checking messages right into people a funny thing happened because she just she's there for her checkup just to check up just to check me if you're like feeling good. She lets me know that she'll be there for me. Yeah, and then when I'm not feeling as good and I come back, she's still I know she's gonna be there listen to me. Yeah end of the day. Yeah, so if my mind at ease, so if you don't mind me asking like how Did you get into like you know into there because I want to share my story as well. It's a therapy how I got into it. Yeah, how did you get into? How did you how did you get into you know seeing a therapist because I know like with young people there's a stigma is or psycho. You may love to be going through hardcore depression. You have to be like suicide or to see a counselor. Yeah, or you know something like, you know, you're about to do self harm. So you really need to see a counselor, but I feel like when you get to a point where you need to That's to like file we can go earlier than that be fun for you. How did you get into like seeing a therapist? Like, you know, what was if you don't mind me asking? Yeah, that's totally fine. Yeah. It's important to talk about it. Yeah, it is. No one told me about these things. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, I think it's important. I started seeing a therapist when I well I've seen numerous therapist throughout my childhood. Yeah, and some just didn't work as well as I'd hoped them they would I did try seeing if you School therapist. It's and the ones at my school weren't that great. So say the least I didn't feel like I can put up at them. Yeah, and I think it is important to find a therapist that does connect with you and does get you get to that point. I know it is like my brother. I know he's having trouble finding therapists and it is hard to find a therapist you lack on the first go your first session with every therapist won't be very easy at all like The therapist I have now that I've been going to for years like the the sessions didn't start off as easy. It took me a few goes before I actually decided whether or not she was capable of treating me for what I had to deal with and I've seen School psychologists a few times and they just weren't really like helping me deal with what I was dealing with. Yeah, and I looked into a few different ones before I found one that I actually liked and I think it's important to keep that in mind that when you do look for therapist when you are Doing therapy and seeing few different people give them a few sessions before you decide whether you like them or not, because that will determine whether you would like to continue going with this person if they're suitable to treat you and and give you that service for why you need it. Yeah, but I looked into some psychologists and I was younger when I was in like a Randy 10 when I was 16. Yeah, almost 20 now 1920. Yeah, and it's cool. Colleges didn't really cut it for me. I went and saw my GP just my doctor and he recommended to counseling services. He recommended head space which is one. That's probably I've heard. Yeah, it's a Health Service. There's always Lifeline but the one he recommended wasn't widely advertised. Yeah, it was very not like private, but it was just like an individual kind of service and it wasn't it wasn't very out there, but He recommended me service called Warehouse 1 7 which is just like a factory warehouse in amongst Wollongong somewhere at the back of Wollongong and I went there and I found the psychologists have now been seeing for four years. So well, that's incredible. Yeah, it takes a while to find a psychologist who's actually suited to helping you feel for what you need. But once I found my psychologist she was so helpful and like I said even on my Days, I still can see it is vital you go and keep up with these appointments. If I can't make the appointments all definitely reschedule it for when I can go. Yeah, I'll never leave her open in didn't say I'll get back to you. I always make sure I booked a next appointment and this time I see her she's like when do you want to come next you know as soon as possible and I'm okay. Yeah, she's all right. She's very she's very easy, you know if I have something on that day or if I'm really sick or if I can't go I will tell her that I can't make it and then I'll Make it a priority to reschedule that with her as soon as possible. Yeah, I like that because I got in it's funny because I've before I came to UNI and I when I was at Uni at the start, like I went through like hold it like I went through so much. I lost my grandmother and then after that my parents had to go overseas parents. What do you get know what my grandmother passed away? She was actually coming me. She was going to come and move to Australia, but she passed away before she could do that. Anyway, so what happened was I became depressed cause like I was the eldest TI and I had to like go to a and every single week every single day just to get them to like say that the money they gave my parents wasn't fake and stuff like that and there would be some of them would listen to me some wouldn't and then it affected the way that I was doing a unique Because by the time I get to UNI because I had at the time I had to drop my siblings off at school and pick them up. Yeah by the time I get back from from that like I'll come back to UNI and I was exhausted from being a day and did all day then going to work and then picking up my siblings and then coming to UNI and I was crying and crying also morning my grandmother and I just remember just breaking down and I feel like overwhelmed. I felt like oh my God like yeah if like that was the first time in my life that I could say that I was like if I could go like I wouldn't mind if I was to die, like I was like it wasn't like I wanted to kill myself, but I was like, you know, anything is better than yeah intensity. I remember just dealing with that and then one day I went to see my uni advisor and I just broke and I just like I killed it so for so long because I'm I like to be strong. I like to be like I can do this. I can do that and then you go too much when I'm sitting with her because she was telling me Lydia like what's happening? I showing me my migrate did everything else like oh my God, like for me also cause I've always wanted to like, I'd like to be an overachiever like to do anything. Perfect. I'm a perfectionist in a way. Yeah, I know really bad and I could make sure that can do the best that I can't yeah, I mean and I could see you know her showing me all these things and I was just like, oh my God, so then that's the day that I made the decision. Like I was going to stop uni, and I remember when I was making that decision I felt so bad because that's one thing for me one thing was like I wanted to get my education. I wanted to get out of uni. Yeah everything and for me, I felt like a failed just because I stopped you knew for a period of time, but then I had to You hear so I became very depressed. Anyway, so the uni advisors I only do you need to see a therapist. You see my girl if you don't see a therapist. I don't know if you're gonna be here next week and you think fun I'm pulling crying and then she booked an appointment for me to see a counselor. I willing on University here and I remember going there like I wasn't crying before going there, but I was just hesitant of that goal. Yeah. I don't really know but this thing I'm not depressed. I'm gonna kill myself. Myself, that's it. That's the whole thought behind therapy and stuff. I was like, yeah, I'm gonna kill myself. I don't feel like cutting myself. I don't feel like you know all those things that you hear that therapy is for ya wasn't feeling it. I was just really sad and overwhelmed. And anyway, she's like, I know you're strong lady out, but you it's just just go there for me just go there for me just so you can tell him what happened yet and all he does is listen. That's all anyway went to that place and I had this whole questionnaire like have you ever thought of killing yourself? You don't like it taking? No, no, no. No, no. you know I'm not supposed to be here anyways help eventually you're going side and he had his book and his he was in a wheelchair okay and he's like Lydia so tell me about yourself I told him about myself but I like to do and then he's like so how do you feel as soon as he said how do you feel I cried for two hours like for the horses she couldn't even he would ask me like why do you say like what do you feel in a prudent say I was just crying crying and it's like it's all right keep crying so the whole time I cried and then after finished crying it was the session was always like he brought tissues for me it was like his tissues and I was crying and then he's like I do you think you'll be coming back and I was like yes I love that I feel like know He was a good idea. My life's better and I'm in a wood chipper. Yeah, but I can't believe I'm looking at you know what I like. It is confidential is not going to go out and start saying two different people. Like I did not Lydia said yeah. Yeah, so, you know what, I mean? And other than the fact you seeing them for your shoes. They are complete stranger. They gonna be strange if they don't know anything about you could lie to them. You know, nobody I don't want to know and I think it's so important like you were saying I'm gonna tell you guys I don't know your family exactly, you know, they don't know and I feel like after I left that place. He said go out and find yourself. That's when I stopped doing it and I was the best thing I ever did. For myself, I will stop doing it and I realized that before that that I was doing you because I was trying to impress people. I was trying to do this for my family for my parents. It wasn't for me. So when I did come back to UNI, I was doing it for me. It wasn't like anyone else and that's why I like even like finishing. I know that I'll finish with the grades that I won because with the degree that I want because I'm doing it because I love what I'm doing not because someone else I'm trying to impress anyone else and I think with self-love is being able to Allow yourself to break down. If you don't really strike is the breakdown. It's okay to cry yourself to be vulnerable. Yeah, and I think that's the reason a lot of people feel hesitant to go to therapy. It's it's somewhere where they can be vulnerable and afraid of that. We're all afraid of being ready, you know getting intimate with someone. It's all about vulnerability exactly opening up. Yeah, exactly and It's yeah you have it just goes to show that you don't have to be suicidal and on the budget deficit have to go to therapy. Exactly. We have a hot dang good for you can be having it. I'm an amazing days win the lottery and you made money go to therapy. Like I think when you win the lottery, you need to see it. There are a hundred percent. So if you win a lottery you did it. I think it's important to see the therapist. Yeah whenever whenever yeah, I think it's good to be able to have that person like a journal again similar to having Journal but they give you advice back and yeah and acknowledge you and say Yes, whereas the blank page might not be able to do that is I mean therapy and generally they do go hand-in-hand and I think they're both very important and helpful when it comes to self love and self care like the therapy is good to take it off your mind and have someone else hold, you know, share the weight of that burden the whereas journaling can also do the same. It takes it from your immediate thoughts. And so, you know, you can put on the page and not think about it and I can't push to the back of your mind won't be right in the front of your head looming and cladding you from all the stuff you need to focus on exactly. I think you know, I think that's a beautiful and amazing tip that you've just given us like I haven't it's so funny. I was saying to my friend the other day that I wanted to do therapy and I think they thought it was a joke, but I'm actually been see I was being serious. Like I feel like if you can have someone you speak to like for me, for example, what I do is for my self care is I like to pray like I wake up. In the morning and when I pray I say everything that's in my heart and my all you know, did God like I feel like this this is this this happened that happened and I just feel like just speaking out things just takes it out of my body and I feel like now that it's out. It feels like I've acknowledged it, but when I keep it and you think about in your mind and that's why journaling as well. It's important seeing a therapist if your spiritual and praying or other people like to do meditating all sorts of things you can do. Make yourself, you know feel feel some type of way. You know what I mean? I feel responsible. I'm always saying to people like you're responsible for your own happiness. No one owes you anything including a family including your including like your boyfriend including like your closest friend, you know one owes you anything when you choose to love someone it's because you've initially loved yourself, how can you know love if you don't have it, you know what I mean? And for me, I feel like it's so important that I am the best version of myself so that whatever I have I can give it to my Person I'm with like if I don't I don't want to be someone who's I don't want to be judged by people when they meet me. I don't want them to laugh at me for being a certain way. So why would I go out and do that to someone else knowing how that makes me feel good, but if I'm insecure myself, I don't love myself enough. Yeah, that's all I'm going to give and I'm always saying to people I did someone's just getting angry being upset with you and you just say nothing to them. It's usually reflection of what's going on inside of them and people want to give you what they have. I'm always saying like If I have like for example a glass of water if you ask me for a glass of water, I'm going to be able to give it to you. But if I don't have a glass of water and you ask me for a glass of water, I can't give it to you because I don't have it same thing with like same thing with like love or not. Just love respect just being a kind person. If I don't have it. There's no way I'm gonna give it to you cause there's no way like, I don't have it. Yeah, you know yourself. Yeah, you don't treat yourself right to others, especially true exactly and also for you to receive That's fine is no no what you deserve know what you deserve. I think that's the key thing we can take from this as I know that you you're worth it and you deserve the best engineers and self-awareness. Like yeah. Well the whole therapy thing like it's being self-aware and and if you pray, you know, that's your thing. That's how you be self-aware. Yeah, and it's so important to do that because once you're self-aware, you know where to go from there how you can change things and stuff exactly. I agree with you. Yeah, I think we've come to this. The end of this one. Yeah. Yeah, it's that time. Thank you so much for tuning in and listening to my first podcast hosting for myself with my guest Katie. Thank you so much Katie for being on this channel. I really appreciated and guys, thank you so much for tuning in. Please do share this with your friends your family anyone who hasn't any like I said share with them and if you've already forgotten my social media account, it's Lydia Novella with a a a at the end and follow us on unplugged artificial.