Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer we will be goingEach position group one by one in the Box. The draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.Welcome to one-day contract to Panthers talk show where each week. We're joined by a new personality who we've signed to a one-day contract to join the show one-day contract is a proud part of the riot Network powered by Ortho Carolina check out some of our Network mates. It is what it is the Roaring Riot podcast. Not what you think the Carolina line and the Great British drafting show former. Great talk about your favorite team follow the right Network on Twitter at the riot Network the stay up-to-date on all your favorite pods.Scribe rate love us where you get your podcast. My name is Nikki wolf with me as always Josh Klein managing editor for the riot report co-host of it is what it is just spent two weeks out of the country and I know it's shocking to everybody no major Panthers news broke while you were gone. Yeah. It was really exciting. Actually. I think it was because I had somebody covering the desk if you will during the during my time away because literally every time I've gone out of the country E when they like and it has been shocking stuff to it wasn't like. Oh hey yo, I'm Colin Jones re-upped on a contract extension. It's like Dave gettleman fired two weeks before training camp. It's Eric Reid signs with the Carolina Panthers. It's was the other there was another Chris super crazy one Josh Norman. Yeah. No, I that was before my time. I mean I was alive but like I wasn't covering the Panthers at the time. Josh is for exactly. Googoo. Gaga. I don't think for his age. Yeah, that's why they call me the big dog. Puppy then the big puffy. Yeah exactly when Josh Norman got cut. I don't remember exactly what it was but it was something terrible. So this time I was like, oh prepared. I was like, okay, so just in case something happens and then of course nothing happens, except. I don't know if you guys heard but Cam Newton is on the trading block. So I don't know if that happened specifically while I was gone, but I think I saw it on Twitter. The new reports came out like every week new report same thing. Here we go. We're gonna get to it. I'm sure I yeah, well, it'll probably come up with its I would say sure everyone's going to have a very measured opinion on it. Oh, yes very calm. I'm gonna be super with our sound check last a really long time because of all the yelling then I'm sure won't happen at all speaking of sound checks also, mr. Colin hoggart columnists and contributor for the right report is thinking about taking a couple of online Baylor classes, you know, just to get a chance to be hired by the Panthers also physical presence in the middle for my show. It's basketball team. Wow. Yep. Second place right now on the league very exciting heading to the playoffs mean the refs though. We had the same reps every week. I didn't anticipate that early on it's working against me here of late, but we're going to mend fences. What's your comp? I feel I've picture you as like a like a like a thinner Al Jefferson. Well having like some old school moves. Well based on the based on my Park days. It was any Cherokee Parks Eric Montross surge wicker. Or occasionally not as often as I'd like Larry Bird. Okay. No one in their right. So just so just tall white guys. Basically. Yeah. Yeah, that's a compliment. Okay. All right. That's fair Timo. Mäkinen. My question is how many teams are in please tell me there's more than two teams. There are there are more than two teams. You said you were in second. I'm well, I did get put on the second team for our church, but that's that's fine. That's fine. There's no no issue there. There's no chip on my shoulder at all. Maybe you'll get Up for the playoffs. Is that how it works? No think that's how you'll get relegated. Yeah, that's me. The other tert Providence Baptist is they're really getting blown out there and drop them down to the d-league's. I mean, that's how it works. Right? I don't know. I'm Jewish. I don't play Church like that. Well, we have one team and we play against each other and we score. It's Beth first of two other. How is the Jewish Jordan doing these days he is crushing it over there for a Maccabi Tel Aviv Out imagine. It's the only Israeli team. I know. Well done. Yep. Well done. Let's introduce our guests because I'm sure he would like to speak at some point on the one-day contract this week Kevin Donnelly former Carolina Panther 13-year NFL veteran Charlotte 49ers football director of Player Development and co-host of the Carolina line podcast available on the right Network and wherever podcaster sold pitching to get some Panthers takes out there on the internet you're ready ready as listen. I'm been cooped up too long, you know, I need to Some things out just to talk about them and it's glad to be here with you guys. And you know, we're full in with this Panthers team. We want information. We want things to be discussed. We want all those things out there and hope today will shed some light on some of the stories going on with the Panthers because there's not a lot in the media in terms of actual movement of anything going on, but man all we hear is rumors and trade talks and maybe guys getting Cut different things like that and it just seems like changes are coming and they're coming fast Kevin. Welcome to the show. Just real quick. I want to know why what Kevin welcome to the show. Vanilla Charles Barkley. Oh nice just instant enforcer an Intimidator. Yeah, really trying to intimidate the refs to not to call these ticky-tack valves. A lot of a church ball is rough. Like I don't know how your league is. We have to have a cop there and fly undated know it feels like it's cop. Yeah like yes, I mean guys, it's their one Outlet, you know to get some things off their chest and And work some issues out, you know, and it all comes out on the court. It's brutal. Sometimes what's the percentage of players wearing Rec specs at this church league game because I picture it is like a lot of a lot of specs out there. No, no. No. All right. I think it's mostly contacts. But a Kevin as a fellow like you wanted I've seen multiple headbands and socks like jacked up over the Cavs. You want to have those hot like one dude was a baller. It was like Woody Harrelson, you know and white men. Job, he didn't think he had any game and suddenly this guy was out there bawling here comes I did have a question for each draft season. I'm curious you were drafted in the third round of the 91 draft. Do you know what wide receiver you're selected for picks a head up that also had a nice long NFL career. Ed McCaffrey well done the man buns don't history nicely done. Let's end the show. Now. I just figured that's a good thing just to have in your hip pocket. I knew forever and always he was my year. So I just took a stab well done, sir impressive. That's a nice. That's nice trivia, right? There makes a nice mustard. Also, I feel like I've brought that up multiple times on the show McCaffrey's Rocky Mountain mustard dried out if you're in the Denver region, so Does it compare to Jared's barbecue sauce? It's not quite as much of a slobberknocker. That's it. That joke was that was good. I liked it. Well before we all start screaming at each other, yeah, let's start with Nikki super important question. It's been a few weeks. We haven't got to hang out her chat about this your thoughts on the XFL. Is anyone watching? I have not watched but I think it's a great idea and I think it's a good I think it's a good thing and it's a league built around quarterbacks would just like the NFL but I mean the way they disperse the Two backs was different than the way they disperse the other players and that is what the NFL I think need more than anything is a minor league for quarterbacks. Oh, no, I have not watched but I do think it's a good thing and I think it would be a good thing for football as a whole. If one of these minor league so to say makes it yeah, I've enjoyed it. I've watched casually I'm not catching every game but I found myself flipping channels and I stopped on the game and I end up staying a long time and pushing on watching the New York Defenders. I believe it is they have a player Alston do that used to play you. See Charlaine, it's done a few nice things out there scored his first touchdown at a nice kick off return on that different kickoff return format that they have which I think is really interesting. Yeah something that maybe the NFL should pick up on but I'm sure they don't want to copy anything from the XFL and give them any love whatsoever. But I've enjoyed it and I agree. You know, I just hope it finds a footing that it can stick around for a while because it's it's not really something that's going to compete with the NFL but really could be a lie. Said a farm system or a place for these guys to get out extra work extra reps because you know what the new CBA they're talking about cutting down camp and hitting even more. Yep and to me as an older player. It was it's Costas. I think some enjoyment of the game because these teams are coming out of Cam not very sharp and it takes them a while to get their footing and it almost feels like the first couple of games are semi preseason games if you will you hope to maybe get out of your first four games you split your cool. Like okay we go to and to and then start to pick up some steam we can have some success but I've enjoyed watching the XFL. It's been fun. The NFL is always turned over those guys that don't, you know, make it in the year that they're, you know, could our draft eligible. But you look at your co-host on the Carolina line Al Wallace like even more so now does he even have it does even make the leak, you know what I mean? Like just the way it's going because they're so little Runway. There's so little time and you talk about the enjoyment you do lose the stories of guys. Coughs that people do enjoy cheering for and those types of guys when you when you make it this way and you don't give these guys that do need a couple years maybe of getting practice and getting reps. You don't have that in the NFL. So this league hopefully can provide it or some other league will continue to provide it because I guarantee if this leaked sticks around for three years, which I know is a stretch but that's what the usfl. Did you will have players that make it to the NFL out of this league to me. It's all about perception of What is a success for the XFL? So if you're expecting the XFL to get NFL type numbers to produce to sell out Bank of America Stadium and obviously not here, but whatever to produce that kind of same fervor that the NFL does I don't think you're going to but if you're expecting them to be something that people can watch and be kind of a minor league, you know, if you're comparing them to a minor league sport. I think that's going to be much more successful in you're absolutely right. There is nowhere for these guys to get private like you look at guys. You know, obviously social media follow a ton of these former Panther players. So guys that were kind of On The Fringe of the roster on the practice squad. They get cut and then all of a sudden they just don't have anywhere to go. They're just working out at high school Fields And they're they're you know, they're there is no possible way for them to continue their conditioning to give themselves that chance to maybe jump back into the league if there is a time for it and the problem for me is always going to be offensive line playing quarterback play because I just don't think there are the NFL has proven that you can't produce 32 good enough quarterbacks in the world and 32 good enough groups of Five Guys. Stay healthy. So that'll be the biggest thing for me is whether those two groups can hold up over the course of the next level season, but I mean Vince McMahon has a billion dollars and so he's he's more than willing to ride this out a little bit if it can help but so you look at the last time we had League like this with the worldly going to produce Kurt Warner and Jake Delhomme, it's not just about having this back by the NFL right? That's yeah agreed but I'm saying that but those guys got reps and that's what I think that matters more than anything else those guys even if it's at three-quarter speed or whatever. It is compared to the NFL that's guys getting familiar more game situations there in like that's the value in this this is this really can be all about the quarterbacks because that position is so important to the NFL. Yeah, I play with a guy back in the early 90s Eric nor guard was an offensive lineman for Colorado big running team but a physical player, but barely was six foot tall big thick, you know fireplug of a guy played in the XFL. Look, I mean the world league for a couple of seasons and even got to all World status, you know said of All Pro. Yeah, they got all world. So even sir pro bowlers I played with on our offensive line. Hey, I'll never be all world. Yeah, Bruce. Matthew's Mike Munchak, but I bring him up because you know didn't do a whole lot of pass blocking but had that that chance to go to the world league and get over there and you know hit pass block get those reps in made the squad, you know, and you end up playing in the league. I want to say seven or eight years had a really nice career wouldn't have had that today's you know, NFL, you know, when I was playing I had 15 padded practices within the first two weeks, you know now I don't know what they're going to cut it to be a might be 15 it total the entire training camp and I think it might end up being less. I feel like there weren't 15 last year where there no, I don't think they took advantage of it and then you know, it seems like they're always cutting out a day early or doing something to get out of there. It's just for Lyman. It's tough offensive lineman you brought it up. It's brutal because you know as much as guys say they want to protect themselves and and be more healthy and not get dinged or whatever it almost to me it Formed those calluses that helped you get through the seasons that helped you weed out, maybe some of Guys were a little more injury-prone and you figure out okay who's our five best or six best guys that we can roll with, you know in 2003 that offensive line. We went to some grueling training camps with Coach Fox and everyone started every single game that you're except for one time against Arizona. Jeff Mitchell was out for the week. So we you know, everyone felt and there were some older guys to lose. I mean Todd Stussy older guy me I was older Jeff Mitchell kind of middle of his career. So these are guys that weren't Don't you know all like Jordan grows who was a rookie that year, you know young and Nimble and pliable and not old and crusty like myself but you know at Camp helped us form those those calluses. Like I said that just got you through the tough times of the season and helped you just push through injuries and little things like that. And I think we're gonna be firing off some some hot take so I'm just going to ask a question that I never in a million years would have thought I would have asked but since we're going down this line of questioning or this discussion, is it possible to play in the NFL in And not be tough. You never like I feel like everybody had to be tough back in the day playing football. But now I feel like in that there are certain positions offensive line, you know defensive line. We're not talking about those guys but like dbe's wide receivers. Hey, I feel like we may have be crossing a threshold here where you know used to be guys were injury-prone and now it's their held out for different reasons or whatever. I feel like we are we are crossing some kind of point with the Lack of tackling in the lack of contact and I'm not you know, I'm not saying go for the head kill shots things like that. But I do feel like it is not the same sport not made up of the same men. So to speak as it was for a long time. If you're if you are asking me if I think the 1500 players in the NFL right now are all could all be considered tough. I would not say yes. I think they're certainly tougher than me, but I don't think that I think there are guys on the roster. That would not fit that. Billing and I you said not offensive line and not defensive lineman. I think there are some offensive linemen and defensive linemen that would not be considered to I agree. I completely agree. I think the game has got a little bit softer and it's because of the rule changes. I still really enjoy NFL football though. I love every Sunday watching all the games not just the Panthers but keep up with all the teams and it's just a different game and a lot of guys that are playing it, you know, smart tough and physical there, you know, it's a guy like Luke, Pleakley, you know and we call me a throwback because there's not a ton of guys that are like that that go out there and plays physical as he is and shows up for every game if he possibly can but I think there's a culture that's starting to permeate through college high school college and pro you get a little nicked up. Okay, sit him down for a week two weeks. We want them for the long haul, you know, what in the Pro game, you know guys don't last more than three years forget the Long Haul, you know, show some toughness fight. For your team, I think that's what's been lost in some of this with football and I think the toughness is has gone away a little bit because everyone's so worried about protecting assets and I understand that and a lot of guys are making business decisions. They want to play a really long time. But you said there's soft o-line and D lineman out there, you know. Our guys are getting pushed around last year on that defensive line, you know, not naming names or anything, but they were there was not a lot of guys in that group that I would say was just a guy that was was a badass that you feared this guy in this play and probably could even say that on that offensive line. Sure. I would say except for Bruce Irvin who is absolutely terrifying but I completely agree. He's the one guy I remember the first preseason game ever played up in Chicago or I was on the road. I'm so I was on the road and Cam Newton. She's playing his music every single time before the game and Bruce Irvin comes in the locker room, and he's like what the f is this? Yes, and just changed it and I've been here as long as cams been here. And then how the locker rooms I was like, this is a new day brother reserving judgment. He's a bad man. Yeah, he is absolutely terrifying great guys super nice guy, but absolutely terrifying out of curiosity what was cams reaction to that? Yes, just kind of went with it, you know, well, it's you know, He liked to play that speech from Al Pacino On Any Given Sunday, and it's kind of a hype speech but you're getting ready to play a preseason game and guys are trying to get up for their five reps or whatever going to play get out. It's a gay marriage is now put on your hoodie and stand on the sidelines. It's it feels like something later in the season or when it's really everything is on the line because the right I looked around the locker room and it's I can see rookies scanning over notes and playbooks. Just hope I don't go the wrong way. Um, you know, some guys nursing injuries am I going to play or not or am I going to get a chance? So it's just a weird environment and Bruce kind of nailed it when he walked in. He's like we have put some highball glasses go out there and play ball. I love that. Yeah, go Bruce Irvin will be here next year. It'll be a lot of guys going and on that note. Let's just go ahead and burn it down. I want to know what Jersey to buy just tell me one guy surpr surpr double zeros are not going away. 51 I would say is a good bet. Yeah. Yeah 89 probably. And I think 22 will still be here. I see it early just got that this year to add to my collection and I felt like your good thanks. I don't we're going to start here. Finalists are here. I would I'm with you Kevin. This guy takes care of his body. I know he plays a position but you look that got the guys that are historically good at this position can be good at this position for a decade and I think this guy is is going to be great. And yeah, he'll be here when they're struggling but This team if not rule in this coaching staff is what we hope they are. I still think Christian McCaffrey will be as good as he is with them. You know when they're ready to compete. Yeah. I was on the record three months ago two months ago when we started talking about when it's like, okay. Well, once Ron got fired it was kind of you kind of knew this was there was going to be a ton of roster turnover. It was kind of be like, okay, how do we Salvage these assets and I said a few months ago like no, you don't trade this guy. This is a guy that can Still be around in the other side of a rebuild. Even if you're going to tear it all down. If you're going to burn it down in three years, he can be back but everything that I'm hearing is that they're taking calls on everybody and that includes Chris McCaffrey so he can be had for the right price. Now, what is the right price? It doesn't mean that the right price isn't if you throw in if you send us Lamar Jackson and three first will give you Christian McCaffrey. That might be the right price. I have a feeling it's a little bit more acceptable than that because Is to me none of these guys are Matt rules guys and Christian McCaffrey no matter how good he was he's not even Marty's guy. He was drafted by Dave gettleman. So and he's not tappers guy. He was drafted one Richardson was still the the owner. So it's it's all of these things are like Christian is a great player and probably the bet not probably the best player on the Panthers roster currently, but if you're going to tear it down if you're going to tear it down to build it back up as we We have heard Tepper say multiple times put it in the flipping email for season ticket holders. If you're going to do that isn't the way to do that to get the most assets for the people that have the most value. Well, I think barring some blockbuster trade where you're getting multiple pics that you just can't, you know, say no to prom I think, you know for that rule coming from the college atmosphere what he's done and I'll tease a little bit we'll talk about Process later on but part of that process is you know, as you deconstruct a team a little bit you're trying to put in there a culture that you believe in. It's been successful at Temple and it's been successful at Baylor and I think the one guy on this team that fits plug and play with everything that coach rule wants to do culture-wise with in that locker room is Christian McCaffrey. He sets an example for so many guys even older players. That guy's it's hard to even attain what he's been able to do. It's all business when he walks into facility. It's all about being the best he can at every single practice and make that practice the best it can be so he can go out and ball on Sunday and I think having a guy like that in that locker room is going to be invaluable for Coach rule because you can't get rid of them. All. You can't you know, we threw everybody as much as they're saying everyone might be on the trading block or they cut some guys you're gonna have to retain some of these guys that you know, you have meetings with or Make sure that they're on the same page as what you're doing that can help be your voice in that locker room because you know, if you draft a bunch of guys or bring in some old Baylor guys that that are in the NFL now, you know those will help but nothing will speak with the leadership that Christian McCaffrey would I mean when you do what he did last year on a losing team that got five wins and had the production that he had and he works as hard as he has and it's just a self-made guy when you're five 900 nothing pounds. Like Rudy, but yet you go out there and ball out like Walter Payton, you know, it's that's the type of guy that I think they're going to want to have and I think unless you see, you know, it was so much just giving the whole house to you. He's got to be on this roster everything you just said and talked about the way he approaches the game. The way approaches being in there sounds an awful lot like Sam Mills and that's a guy that was brought in specifically to be that core player around which everything else was built and and I couldn't agree with you more. There is if there's a I would not hang up the phone if somebody calls me and says hey we want to talk to you about trading draft picks for Christian McCaffrey. But if it doesn't start with ones then I'm yeah, yeah, which is which I understand as a running back. But to me the combination of this guy if Joe Brady is coming here and it's supposed to be some offensive wizard. You have a center piece here that in addition to all that does all the things. That Kevin just laid out that how where else would you want to start as an offensive coordinator? So wow me with an offer and sure I'm interested I would trade it because I do think that this draft is a foundational draft and we'll talk about more about the draft later. But this is a foundational draft for the mat rule era. So if you want to you want to go all in on that ideational offseason, not just a draft because they got to fill a bunch of spots on this roster. They gotta they got to fill a bunch of spots on the starting lineup and they can't do it. Just 7 Graphics, right if you're going to trade back or whatever you're going to do, if you're going to trade Trey Turner for a fourth rounder those you have to you're going to have to do a lot that's not just and I think the way that they're starting this off season. It's not great like all of this. Well, we're going to everybody's on the Block and I don't want to guarantee anybody a starting position. And and if you know, we I'm not we're not going to I'm not sure about how we're going to move forward even though in my mind. They are sure about how they're going to move forward. They're just not sharing it outright. We're shifting discussions here to a different player. We are those that stuff goes around the locker room and Kevin you've been in a locker room. You've obviously Things like that. Yeah when things like this are happening like they know it like Trey Turner knows that this that the reports went around for the past 24 hours that he's being shopped KK short when his name comes out next week is going to know it Cam Newton certainly knows it from all of his Instagram stuff. Christian knows it like all this stuff to me. It's I'm I'm not impressed with the way that the first two months of the rule regime have gone. Now, that's not saying they can't turn back around but like right now all of this. This misinformation I think is hurting them more than its helping them in that locker room. I don't think I think it's tough to pin it on rule because I think Tapper I agree Peppers agree with you. I apologize for sorry if you're listening that I look at the fact that Tepper seem to get tripped up by the Cam Newton question. Like how is that the question the trips you up? How have you not been practicing this, you know response for three months for a guy who introduced himself in a reality show or whatever we're supposed to. All or nothing, you know and want to talk about having the big balls and we got we got Cam Newton the Brahma Bull neither one of them wants play the bad guy. That's what this is that I mean we can talk about preserving trade value and all that stuff, but the bottom line is nobody neither neither side wants to be the bad guy in this and and both sides know what the future holds cam cam independent. There's no cam doesn't want to play or show up or risk getting hurt with only two million dollars in guaranteed money. That's a cap, you know. You know, the only two million dollars is a cap hit he has he has no money basically guaranteed him at this point. He is closer to Tyrod Taylor in terms of like money left to him versus a former MVP. I'm not sure why we're playing this game. I I'm baffled by this like, hey, guess what? Yeah. That was a great time we had but we're moving in a New Direction. We don't think cams healthy like because of the trade value, so that's so that's it. It's just for some potential trade value on campus. Is that all like this is all for I can remember going through some coaching changes and feeling the permeates through that locker room is Mandy anybody. Everybody could be out of here. And then when the chip start to fall into place kind of the sport psychology behind it that the coaches it felt like when I made that at team or I was not traded or cut from the team then it was like they must see some value in me, you know, if I was a guy that's on this roster and there's been an innuendo. I may not be here. I got a big salary figure whatever the things that go in that conversation, but suddenly when all the chips, you know, go down on the table and you're heading into OTAs and you're part of it as someone that could be in the mix for this team. You're kind of thinking indirectly. It's a vote of confidence in you and so I think a lot of guys are swirling Who's next who's going to be next? And you know, I think just a couple of guys, you know, maybe I said Christian McCaffrey, I believe he should be on the team Shaq obviously is a good young player that they signed to a new deal. I think everyone else is is way up in the air on this but it can be a good thing because I think the one thing that that rule really wants to do is just shake up the culture and to do that you kind of have to just mix things up so much in a way and I know it's tough for fans because I can't wait for free agency to get here because I'm hoping maybe that will give us some impression of where this team is going to go and then obviously the draft will give us a huge indication. That's a long time to wait because all we've had right now is just negativity in terms of who's not going to be here who's a guy we can't count on who's the guy that could be traded and it's frustrating. I'm a big fan of this team, you know, I want to have to see a good product on the field. I know it's going to take time to get something back going but man it's a fan it's a bummer. I mean, it stinks right now. There's just not a lot of good news coming out of there. All you hear is some of your favorite players Could be gone. Yeah, I think it's a little bit of the social medial time that we live in right? Because like there was this negativity existed in 2010. It certainly exists in 2001, but you just didn't see it every day on Twitter and Facebook and Instagram and everywhere else. So if you are I said to somebody like if you had if you hadn't looked at any Cam Newton news over the past three months and somebody was like and you were like, hey, what's the latest on Cam Newton is like well, we're hoping that he gets. Kathy and he's still on the roster, but that's pretty much it. That's like, okay. So the same thing that it was in November, like none of all of this ups and downs and all the reports and it hasn't really changed anything because all these things are closed questions, right Christian McCaffrey is either going to get traded or he's not and so to to stress yourself out which is kind of the business that we're in that we're talking about but like to think about these things that may or may not happen. That's what That's the frustrating part for three straight months. But we also have to realize where Cam is in the pecking order. I mean the greatest quarterback arguably of all time. Tom Brady may be a free agent this year. He's going to he's at the top of the pecking order and you got Phillip Rivers and Dak Prescott will see how that may mean. There's different quarterbacks, but cam is fourth or fifth. Ryan Tannehill is in there, but he's gonna be fourth or fifth quarterback option, but those other guys are going to have to go first. I think it might be lower than for. Thor V My friend quarterback option. So if you're a close looking for a quarterback this year, I'm getting a free agent. Oh, no, it's a free app. But yeah, I was thinking there's also you could there are two guys probably that are in the draft that was trying to be viewed higher than cam sure. Not three but three but it's so if you're a team that's not in position to draft that guy and you don't get Brady don't get rivers or whichever one you want it or whatever it is. There's there's some dominoes that are going to fall and then I think that's when the Cam Newton conversation actually can take place. Now the other alternative is that no one is interested in Cam and that's bad news for everybody because if nobody's interested in Cam, that means he may well be coming back for this year. But that means that that shoulder is not right because if it is again the foot is going to be fine, but that shoulder if no one is interested in the former MVP that music shoulders not right. I have a feeling that that is the case. I think that when you have heard everything that I've heard all the smoke that you I've heard about Cam Newton being shopped as tradable has been what what has the end result of that was cam now appears that he will be the quarterback in Carolina. It wasn't well, he wasn't being shopped. It was it wasn't like we wasn't denying those reports all it was was now the Panthers are going to roll with Cam Newton for like if he's held by phrase the pay is obviously but like but they were they were they were trying To trade him. And so if they were trying to trade him and now they're going to keep him. Ipso facto. No, he the trade wasn't going to work right there aren't many options. But I do think that I do think the window opens again for him. Like I said with the free agency window, but Matt rule even said we're willing to stretch this out until September. That's just better for cam. If Cam won't be on the roster. Well know it. Well it is that I guess but to me that just means we're not going to see we're not going to see cam. They'll still be exploring whatever options they have but I just don't think we're going to see Cam Newton throw it and Carolina Panther uniform ever again. It's gonna be live streamed. If it is though. Like you can bet it OTAs minicamp. He comes out there throwing put it on the livestream your ask. Oh, yeah, and I remember I remember training camp from this year when you through once and apparently Everybody went wild everyone and every Panther media person had whoa Cameron deep in training camp. We were all gets first my God. It was awesome. I don't very sorry. I know I know and I read them and I hit the like button. Oh, yes. Yes, he's broke. He's Burke training camp and I was under the light. Yeah deep bomb so ready I was so ready and then I watched him throw underhand against the box. I just you know with Cam I don't know. I just I just believe there's still some really good football left in there. And I think it's a catch-22 because you know, if you cut ties and you decide to trade them whatever you get for him and he goes out there to a team that's sent like a contender or could be a contender and just balls out like we've seen him doing the past like, you know, what does management and the coach has got to be thinking here, you know, because sometimes you know, you get these waves, we're just things kind of connect. It's hard to have Suspect success. The Patriots have had a number one is you know that you've had a you've got lucky with a great head coach in a fantastic quarterback that have had a relationship that could work together for so many years. That's just so very rare and there's just ups and downs with every franchise, you know for me. It just feels like you know, man, if you get a few more years out of Cam there could be a quick turnaround. I mean we were 2001 one win one win and two one. Years later two years later in the Super Bowl and there's a lot of the same with the other side. We couldn't play it wasn't with a different quarterback. But there was a lot of pieces that coach Fox did keep around and you know, he found a way to find make them successful and get the best out of them and really had a great staff that pulled that together. So, you know, I think you know by years three and that's a long way off. I don't want to get in that discussion. But if you don't think you're going to have this thing turned around by And with a core of young Talent, you know that guy quarterback this got a couple of years under his belt or some good young offensive lineman or defensive lineman that you drafted that you can build that core around. You know, why not take a stab keep them around for a couple of years and just see what he can do specially it's not going to cost them anything this year to keep them around. Well, they I think they should keep him around this year because they don't really have another art. Like what if the other option is signing Ryan Tannehill then keep cam if the other option is starting will Grier then. Then keep can't because like unless you can get some sort of asset for him. Then then he's better off on your roster. Then he is as a conditional seventh-round pick coming back from the bucks. But to me, the question is Kevin. Were you ever floated as a trade? Like did you ever hear trade rumors about yourself? No, I'm never never never been floated as a trade. I you know, I I've been in locker rooms where it has been and it's computer long comfortable, right? Just because that's the part. It's probably a part from the combine. It's the time you feel like the most like a piece of meat, you know, the combine your just paraded out there and you're told to perform and get pictures of you just in shorts. And you know, it's just like your cattle prize steer. And then when your float around is a commodity in terms of a trade to somewhere else, you're just thinking that like, I don't so much in the community here. I've done so much as a leader on this offensive line. Line or defensive line or whatever the position is and you just all sudden remember. I'm just I'm just something that's that's a tradable piece that can you know, they can get somebody else and they'll be just as happy with them if not happier and they'll be happy to just close the door my career at that team. So it's tough. Yeah, I don't know how if some of these things aren't true that you have the Trey Turner talk and some other things, you know, it's hard to walk that back if that goes pretty far. That's Gone to the agent level where it gets to tray because he's been he's been a great player for this team and really is the one guy you could count on the last couple of years, you know, I'll be at when he's healthy. He's had some some ups and downs with with missing several games in the season both seasons. The last couple of years couldn't really count on to be there for all 16 games. So and he sold, you know, he's getting a little bit older not an old player by far. It's not like a one short or something like that on the defensive line, but But you know if you're rebuilding and it's a tradable piece like you said, you know, and I think the one thing they can say is look we explored everything because it's a new staff here. We wanted them to have the pieces that they wanted an end up keeping them. You know, you can quickly I think build that relationship back by saying look, you know what we floated out there but really at the end of the day watching the film seeing how you are getting spend more time with you. We love you. We got to have you here, you're a part of this growth and how we're going to build this team. It is also tricky with That rule being the one that's got the red pen at this point. I mean, I think we all assumed that right like it's not Mardi. I would not rule how is running the show so as the coach, you know, if it's the GM and you're the coach maybe can go talk to the player. But if you're the coach and you're the one that's you know, the Mastermind or whatever. It's a little trickier. Well speaking of the GM we talked about so like we talked about how everybody is available, right? I think that in my mind and everything that I kind of Stand and and the thing that makes our lives guys that are not available are the ones that were drafted by Marty her knee or signed by Marty her knee in the past two years because Marty is still the GM. So if he believed so that's why when I hear people talking about like, oh, they're gonna go tackle it 7 it's like, well, you still have the GM last year traded up for Greg Little and thought enough of Greg Little that. He taught about taking him at the 16th pick so I don't think Ready to give up on Greg live. There was a new GM I would say who the f knows what you kind of have to say about the draft this year anyway, but like so if Marty is on a one-year deal right his Mara his contract is over after this year and everybody else is on a seven-year deal. What does that say about like the way that that Marty is handling this whether it's a rebuild whether it's a retool whether he will like what does he want to do in 2020 if Matt rule says Okay. Well I have this Long Leash and Marty's like well I got to get through this year. How did those two things intersect with each other? Well, I mean not I think Marty's Marty's the guy that got to play Team ball. I mean there's there's a new sheriff in town and he's what I want to ask you guys is did you both kind of excited about free agency? But when David Tepper talk about Marty Hernan talked about how great a great College Scotty was great, you know identifying college town. We've got a That's entirely from the college ranks. I would think they would be more us. I'm more interested in the trade some of the pieces that have been discussed or you know, if you can get value for him and load up on draft picks rather than seeing this them inner free agency with any kind of vigor. I know they got to go get some guys and they get bodies, but I'm not and I'm not I don't think this is the time for them to be going in splashing. No. No, my my understanding is that they don't want to be good next year with the eye that everything starts picking up in 2021. So that means comp picks. That means cap space rolling over that means more draft picks. So whether or not they're trading for next year's draft picks or whether they're whatever their do like, the goal is 20/20 is kind of out the window, but if you're Marty like, how do you how do you couch that with like, well, I still need it. I want to be back in 20 21, but he doesn't he can't he can't push his own agenda here. That's why I'm saying like it. It can't be if if the plan is to bottom out and your the Him and you win six games because you went and signed a bunch of guys that helped you win six games, then you didn't do what the boss wanted to do. I think you know, it's you know, the GM's are kind of higher draft to draft cycle, you know, so it's not the same cycle as a coach would come in right in January, you know, you're going to let the GM be there through free agency and also the draft see what kind of picks that they get. I agree. I don't think there's going to be any big splash signings ones free agency begins. It's more about just finding the right guys that you think can fit the culture of what Matt Rule and his staff want to bring to the Carolina Panthers and can help be some of those foundational pieces in terms of what the locker room looks like and some production on the field, but nothing big nothing that's going to cost them a lot because this is their first year here some have NFL experience some do not right, but it's going to be a learning curve for them. And you know, really do you want to make some hard core choices and freedom Agency that you might regret down the road and I think it's going to be tough for you know, how do you evaluate Marty through this process when you have all these guys like you said signed a really long-term deals and he's the one outlier that's year to year on this contract. I think it's just going to be some of these some of the parts, you know that he's able to get through free agency. Is he able to get some of those pieces to fill those roles whatever they may be that got a plan they've talked about it since he's been hired. I'm sure that they know exactly the players they do. want to Target they're not going to they might not even do anything the first week obviously because that's when some bigger names go right but then start to go through that second wave and see what they can get with some real value have that cap space that stays that gets them in a good position for 20 21, and then the draft is going to be absolutely crucial, you know, if you can make some some big-time picks and even position yourself with moving back at times or moving up for somebody that you absolutely believe in I think that's a good indicator that Marty could be here for the Long Haul but they've mentioned about another guy another position. I don't think they've hired that guy yet. And I felt like it was almost maybe a guy in waiting to be at the transitional but with that taking longer and that not happening, you know, it could be something where you know, Marty and Coach rule of gotten a really good relationship and he appreciates the knowledge that Marty does bring specially on the college Talent side. So those are things we're not really privy to but we've not heard a lot of conversation between those I think they like what he's done in the draft overall. There's hits and misses but he's done some really good picks over the years. So, you know for me, I'm hoping he's here because that means he killed it in this year's draft and get some big picks like he's done in the past. I mean if he can if he can nail the first round pick, so it's to me the NFL and fantasy football are the same. If you can't you can't win the league in your first round, but you can certainly lose it and Say what you will about Marty her knee but he has a great great track record in the first round. Absolutely. And if you're expecting your GM to hit on 100% of his picks you are living in a fantasy world everybody screws up like first-round picks have something like a 50% bus straight that's first-round picks have a 50% bus straight. So the the idea that yes, they obviously Dave temper like smarty her. But to me, it's just an interesting juxtaposition of all everybody else is here for long term. And Marty is kind of the only left over from from the past regime not just not just Ron Rivera, but Jerry Richardson to oh, he's mr. Tepper shown that whatever it takes to win what he thinks believes will get them to a winning franchise that's consistently produces for the for the fans that gets in the playoffs. All these things that he wants to shoot for the fact that every time I go into that building there's there's new people around and other play people that were very very good at their jobs are not there anymore. And hopefully they've picked on somewhere else but he wants his guys in there. I don't see why he hasn't made a move with Marty after as much time as they've spent together that to me every day that goes by just feels more and more entrenched that this could be one of his. His guys it's a holdover. They actually sticks around for a while. Yeah, I mean he clearly likes Marty her knee and I think Colin would like floated the idea that like that that this that maybe he was going to be the guy that is behind the Cam Newton situation. And then once that's all resolved and you move on from Marty I think from I think someone has told all of us that they just really get along well and he thinks that Marty and his smart guy and can be a good GM in the NFL and Okay, if that's what he thinks then that's what he thinks. That's that's the other thing is that you we we can we can disagree with all the decisions. I would assign James Bradbury and says Shaq Thompson. Sorry Shack if you're listening, but they didn't so that that okay that that's who's on the team now now James Bradbury is going to go and make 15 million dollars in Washington and we're going to start Dante Jackson and hopefully Jeff Cuda, but whoever we every pick up in the seventh round Redskins me really thrilled about getting another Panther cornerback yeah it's gonna be so many Carolina players in in Washington next year because they're going to flip over so many of these guys like like Kyle love like you know I don't want to call people out by name but like these guys that are kind of like Fringe of the roster today they send Marcus ball who spent the past like two years as a tight end on the practice squad boom right up to Washington like those things are going to happen so as much as like Carolina North in Buffalo it's like Carolina DC or Carolina's capital Edition that's not good well for Coach Rivera I think it's a smart move because if you pick the right pieces that you get from here that you know really were bought in to the culture that he wanted to have here with the Carolina Panthers suddenly you're injecting your guys into the locker room and that's what Matt rule doesn't have the luxury of having coming from college football you know the coach Rivera and Sean McDermott did it You know up in Buffalo when he made that move and bring in some guys up there because you've been around these guys for long Seasons, even some long playoff runs, you know them intimately and what they're like in terms of work ethic what they bring to the locker room and their other teammates know they bought in as a team player and you strategically pick off those guys that you really think can help your squad and be a good voice in that locker room. You know, I think that's it's a good smart play for Coach Rivera and might get some of these guys on the cheap, especially some older guys that like Mario Addison or someone like that that I believe still can be very productive is he productive and for five years when we think the Panthers going to be good again know and I think that's why you know he could be a casualty that comes out of this one free agency starts but could be a very good pickup for for Coach Rivera how Kevin is a guy that played football at a myriad of levels of the bunch of different skills that how does that process kind of play out when you got a new coach coming in and you talk about the importance of kind of sprinkling those guys and how vital are those guys to kind of the rest of the locker room buying in it's crucial you know when I came to the Carolina Panthers I played 10 seasons my last stint was three years with the Miami Dolphins and the coach I had down there was Paul Boudreaux he came up to sign with the Carolina Panthers as their offensive line coach he brought me in and that 2001 season because for me it was you know I wanted to continue playing and for me to come back in my home state it was a no-brainer I think Coach Boudreaux. He knew that as much as he coaches and what he's going to try and instill in the players in terms of how he wants them to play and the assignments and how things work what better way than to bring someone you just coached with a lot of these same techniques, you know how to work with them that can be a voice in there because you know, there's just tough times like especially the training camps we had with Coach Fox it's tough and guys bitch and they complain and still have a guy in that locker room. That's like hey, you know, trust me this guy, you know, so What he's doing? I know it's a pain right now, but he's got a system and just kind of co-signing with the coaches doing not being a suck-up but just being a guy that's lived through it with that coach that you can relate to those other guys, you know, this this guy can coach good football buy into this and it sprinkle those in certain rooms. It's absolutely critical. I think the success that you have those guys and I think I think that's why you know, coach rule brought so much staff from Baylor or maybe some guys that were with him during Temple. Times there it would because you know that that's where he can get the basis of that locker room and I'll be it's not a ton of players but it's coaches. They're going to feed into these guys and Coach exactly the way he wants it to be coached. This seems like a good place to take a break. Hey Panthers fans. It's Kelly bartek here host of the Carolina mind the newest podcast on the riot Network where Kevin Donnelly a now Wallace use their 23 years of NFL experience to take you inside the game. Break it down and even share some stories from their time on the Gridiron. You know, I talked about the defensive line the athletes of the defense the big guys that can move get after the quarterbacks y'all dude. It's all about the o-line. That's the real trench warfare going on out there. When those guys have a good day. There's nothing to be line can do about it. I guess I'll we're going to have some disagreements along the way and it's good. It's going to happen. But we both know that these two big groups of men are the ones that really win games for this football team the Guys in the trenches the big guys are where it's at and they're right here with me. So be sure to subscribe to the Carolina line on Apple podcast Google podcast Spotify or wherever you get your local podcast. That's the Carolina line on the riot Network. The p word what's the p word? You mean OPP other people's process. Yeah, you know me the process. That's a mat rules favorite word. I believe he said it approximately 1.5 million times. Yeah at the combine. What exactly does it mean though? What I'm what is the process how many verses of Opp do you think you have to wrap while you're washing your hands to rid yourself of the coronavirus 1/4. Okay. All right. Just the first just treach's first one. Yes. That's all you need. Did we? Is by the process from Philadelphia was it like a transaction that happened is like originally Philadelphia's process. And that's OPPD write it right like trust the process is there they have yet. They hung a trust the process Banner. Yeah. I mean it Joel embiid is the process, right? Yes. Yeah. I don't know about this one. I don't know about this one everything. I feel like everyone listening to Matt Rule and I know everyone got excited and everyone some people even celebrated a victory that Camden was going to be surely back. After Matt rule expressed that he was excited about him being absolutely wants him on the roster if he's healthy and maybe by September, you know, if the red moon appears but everything my I'm a little bit bothered because Matt rule talks about leadership. He wants is a leader but everything he's saying is basically I'm taking a pass on every question. I'm taking a pass. I'm taking a pass. I'm taking a pass. Oh, I haven't looked at the film yet or I don't want to say that about guys. This is just your one like Nothing. He says can be said again like going forward during his seven years. Like if he tries to try this stuff back out like you're too it's like no you actually have seen these guys now, so I I just I feel like you're there he kept are trying to play the game and talk around things and I just I don't think that's who they are. First of all if you're listening PR folks over there at the Panthers at Bank of America Stadium, please let Matt rule be your spokesperson. Osman for the next four or five months like let when you need something to be said maybe keep Dave back behind the podium with his prepared remarks and if somebody has to answer questions let Matt rule who is a spectacular speaker who got out there for the combine and you're absolutely right for the first like six hours people are like, well, I've got you know what this bed. We may not even be rebuilding. I think they should I have I think this thing is going to happen. I mean, he sounds great and then you really like Well, but what I mean, he did well, um and then once you like drill down a little bit more into what he said, it's like, oh, I guess he just kind of said the same things that Tepper did he just didn't sound quite as much like a jerk about it could read the phone book to you and you would have the same feeling like it's just the way the way you Nancy eights and his timing and everything. It's just something interesting soon as he starts to talk it really is he Also does an interesting trick where Jose I know it's boring and you don't know pouring is not the word that I want to use right here. But you've just told me it's boring. So we're going with boring are to be those. Yeah. I know it's boring. No. Yeah. No he so here's here's my thing on the process. He says process that the process is doing not just what's easy it's doing what's hard. It's doing the little things to get to an end result. Right? And if the end result is a Super Bowl trophy at Bank of America Stadium What are the day by day processes that you go through to get you to those points? And sometimes the process is hard. My issue is that it seems like a lot of the things that they've done so far have not been that hard like a hard process to me is going out and hiring a bunch of the best coaches that you can find that you don't necessarily know, but he went out and hired the guys that he's super familiar with including his college roommate the process me. Is to go out and go through a rigorous coaching search and interview everybody that you want and then look back take a step back and decide not to go to Texas fall in love with Matt Rule and hire him when the got the guy that you were supposed to interview. The next day was who everybody kind of thought was going to be your guy like that is not the process that is saying your process base and then being like, well, you know what but Not today, I'm not gonna be processed based Marty helped him bring in the groceries. He ate about 25 meatballs. It feels like they want to be processed based and maybe they will be and maybe they are behind the scenes. Maybe it's not what we're seeing but like being processed based is signing Kyle Allen to your exclusive rights free agent tender deal because he is on the vet minimum and it's not guaranteed and he's been a starting quarterback in the NFL and he has some value not just not. him because he looked bad last year that is not processed based that's a that seems like a weird decision that theoretically they still have two more weeks to make but I don't think they're going to I don't think they're going to sign Kyle Allen back and which is fine it's a decision but it doesn't seem like it's very processed based it seems like it's like well he looked shitty last year so well there's one we used one so we can't sign them and that to me worries that's where I get worried is that if you are looking at the SS and the three years of Bad seasons once you get blown out at home in year 2 when you were like this is the one where we're going to we got our Young quarterback is going to be great Justin Herbert is ready and then and then he comes out and throws four interceptions and then what's your process look like does it do you say you know what the hell with the process this guy this guy's got to go and then you're back to square one and it's just I'm just what is we're going a lot of what ifs I'm just worried I'm just concerned no it doesn't feel it doesn't feel calculating you're right I can terms of that when you're saying bring it in the get that is not that's not that's not the process but I think they're trying to use it as this kind of like overarching term but I believe it in terms of what Matt rule says about coaching a football team like like that process I feel like yeah I'm on I'm with that process but in terms of the what they're talking about the off or the off-the-field stuff it's not holding a roster through the process doesn't make as much sense to me as building your team through the like the camaraderie of building of like the process is every time we do this drill we do it the perfect way and then because Matt rule is undisputedly a fantastic leader of college football players I'm interested to see how that message comes across two guys who you just spent the last four months saying That You Were Expendable but now you're here so let's go I think you know it it's two separate things really when he's talking about the process because I see both sides here with Josh and Colin it's you've not seen a lot of the analytics or the process driven approach to how he's hired the coaches other than these are guys that have he trusts and he's won a lot of ballgames with and they believe in the culture that he's trying To set and that refers to the players and how they're going to demand from the players how they're going to coach them really hard to become better players and develop Talent something that some have said the Panthers haven't done in the past when you've gotten these great pics that seem like they're on the edge of stardom. You're not bringing them over that threshold to get the best out of them. So in terms of the players, you know, when you're talking about that process part of it, it's really going to start with that first meeting you has with them and he's going to spend I mean Over an hour, maybe two hours just talking about what it means to be a Carolina Panther under his leadership and the different traits and characteristics that he sees that are very important and the details and the things that have to be taken care of each and every day that players are going to have to trust that part of it trust the process because there's going to be a lot of days that aren't fun a lot of days. There's a lot of hard work a lot of days where you're getting yelled at pushed beyond what you thought you could be pushed because you just gotta believe in that and of these things could be as small as you know, when we enter this building it it's game time with our Focus. So, you know, no hoodies on no hats on your head. It just sends a statement that it's time to work and be in business. I don't know if that's something but these coach especially come from the college level. They're about that or you know could be things that we've seen in the past with other coach, especially some of the come from college, you know, how you keep your locker how that is set up if you can be detail-oriented and take care of your business in the small area that's your locker room you share with everyone else you should be able to do that on the field we can trust you to get those things done that'll build on the bigger things that when it's third down and 10 you know you think a Zone Blitz is coming but suddenly they shift to something else can you pick that up do you know your details of everything your coaches taught you with discipline that you can take Tara take care of business and someone's not coming through free when you had a you know your best player open free in the flat and could have been a touchdown so it builds up to those moments where they get those things done in the game now I think there's going to be a lot of learning that they do for the process of how they Scout and evaluate talent it's a lot different than what you did in college now it's guys that are grizzled veterans you know who were the guys are going to bring in free agency not probably this year but in the future of guys that you are going to get a lot out of because there's so many misses and free agency where you know we've seen it here you sign big money left tackle and does not produce and it's costing you costing you dearly one of the highest Guys on your team this year and won't be around. So what's that process that they get that right? So that will be yet to be determined to see if some of the processes he's put in place in terms of evaluating talent evaluating the draft picks and where they select and how much you know, he has input on that. We'll see if that works through it but it just seems like he's so analytical he's all about getting the best out of the athletes whether it's nutrition the analytics on the field how much? They're working putting you know sensors on them. So they know who's running what who's give a maximum effort. Who's you know, what? Wow, this guy's already Run 2 miles in practice today didn't realize he was doing wide receiver routes and punt returns and kickoff returns and suddenly we got to keep his legs fresh for Sunday that he's on top of all that kind of stuff not saying that Rivera wasn't but it's about that for him to get the best out of the players and that's how he's going to get it done. But some of these things are going to be a learning process for him because you don't just come in and know instantly. Some of these things and I think the concern is he's surround himself with a lot of people from the college level. You would have liked to see him go through more of a process in selecting some of the guys that are me coaching these guys on the field that have to play on Sundays not Saturday afternoons in college football and another process that you could be great or is scary to think about is what he's talked about with the draft with the position as players and try to identify the traits and things like that. I mean on one hand that there's nothing new about that. I mean in decades gone by I was the Raiders and then even recently like the Seahawks mean that was one of the things they did was zero and on like the spark scores and things like that. So that's not not new. Are they going to you know, is this going to be one where we're trusting spreadsheets over our eyes, I like it could be awful or it could be great because I'm a believer that position list football and guys that can do because really it's guys that can do multiple things. It's not position list is guys that can cover multiple positions. I think that Is what the best high-end defense looks like is guys that are able to do that in the middle of the field. Yeah now again, I obviously I realized that I spoke kind of uninterruptedly negatively. Hope maybe this is going to work like it's not I'm just I'm a little bit wary right now all of the things that I've seen over the first two months, but it's so hard to judge and a small sample size. Exactly. It's I mean, no you're absolutely right. We're two months in to an 84 month. and that seemed long but I'm using a months yeah yeah two thousand four hundred and eighty seven days and heís going to be here do you love the rent soundtrack that's really good my thing is that it may work I'm just some of the things that I've seen so far I'm a little bit wary and maybe he's gonna get better to me that's the other thing is that go ahead I was just gonna say the man was wearing a smock last year like I'm gonna be wearing for a while Yeah, I mean Ron Rivera said specifically he was like one at that. He said I he said he made a lot of mistakes when he was when he was a first-year head coach. He also said specifically one of the things that I wish that I had done was I wish that I had a former head coach on my staff and not only that and like it wasn't like that was a surprise to Matt Rule and he went ahead and he didn't do that. He went and he and he said well the I was going to fill those positions the passing game coordinator and the Run game coordinator. Who's going to fill those with with a former head coach, but then they ended up getting filled by some of the other guys on the staff and it's like okay, but you can hire you can have whatever position you want. You can have them be special assistant to the head coach. You can have them bring you hot fudge sundaes like your you run you run the show over there. So to the regional manager exactly like these are all things that you can do. There's no like well, you know, Jeff Simmons is the is the Run game coordinator. So sorry. Sorry Ben McAdoo. You're out on your ass. Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah. with someone earlier you know walk around the stadium see a new people in the you know in the organization all the time it's like oh guy with Super Bowl experience now that's the one we don't have we don't have the budget for that one yeah no it's absolutely true I am hopeful that they that they are able to do it but it is going to take trust because you have to trademark trust the process and it's difficult when you've been a head coach and turn around a I'm like Temple and then go to Baylor on the on the cusp of just being irrelevant and off the map Totally in terms of football because of everything that went down there and Reviving that and having the season they did this past year to not come in and believe you know you've got answers and I think that's why the meeting probably with mr. Tepper went so well as you know for him first time when I was young owner he's not owned a team for a very long period of time I'm and getting to talk to a guy. That's that's his persuasive is coach rule is he's obviously been able to bring in talent and get players on his side and buying into what it takes to be a winning football team that you don't just buy in and think you know, man I got this thing figured out. I'm just going to take this whole thing to the to the pro level and it could very well work. It could be a fantastic New Direction that the NFL goes that they start hiring more college guys because of how they relate to the younger players and how they're able to motivate them and get the best out of them in terms of developing them. But you know, the this could also be said the flip side of it. It could be a horrible disaster that there isn't that yeah experience there that sometimes it's just you don't know to you know, and not having someone to lean on and some of those circumstances that's been there and done that is a scary place to be. You know, I first got in the pros those first couple of weeks. I'm searching for answers I had no idea what's going on I didn't know what I didn't know until I got there and I'm like whoa this is a whole nother ball game and luckily there was older Pro Bowl I'm and it went on to the Hall of Fame the put their arm around me and just taught me a lot it was hard I mean they I was they were hazing the crap out of me the whole time I was doing it I had to go through the process and it was painful but having those guys or just be able to watch them and what they did to repair and different things at such a high level it gave me a direction of where to go and so for this staff it's going to be I think really interesting to watch and hopefully it's fun interesting and not bad interesting in terms of you know some of the things that maybe mrs. along the way that a little bit more experience on this staff could have helped out with yeah game time yeah we love game time and it's one of our favorites cam 2 K 1 so 1 2 nine chances the following players are still on the Panthers roster next year and if they're not what did they traded for we're just going to go ahead and go with Cam Newton first he gets to wear his own number but I don't need Joe Brady working on an offense for one season the Cam Newton I'm not what good does that do me in the long run if this team is trying to trade all the veterans they're not trying it's not like cam equals Super Bowl you know everybody else equals 1 and 15 like that's not that's not the scales are balanced that way so this is not what I want but this is what I think is best and I wish that both sides would just own up to it I actually am going to go the other way and I'm gonna go Ian Thomas and I'll tell you why the question was he's on the roster right yes yeah so I think he's going to be on the roster I don't think that he is going to be healthy enough to to a I don't think anybody wants to trade for a guy that can't throw the ball and I don't think he's going to be able to throw the ball until mid-august and at that means he's on the roster I also think that that the way so I can you throw till mid August I thought everybody's telling me shoulders fine but no shoulders great shows the foot you don't worry about the foot and I know even that even if there was a thing even marrow I'll watch the tape he's with on an 18-yard come back something yeah but it took about two point seven seconds to get there you're not wrong I've you don't have to convince me we've been talking about a shoulder for eight months I think that he is the way that this is trending is towards him being on the roster and then it's a whole thing for the next year and then we'll see now whether or not he's going to be healthy enough to play and even September or and you can't see this on the quote on the podcast but I'm going to is he healthy enough to play come September because Matt rule is very specific about how he was Have the right plan to come back and they weren't going to let him out there until he was a hundred percent healthy and I just think this is there's a lot more there's a lot more to come over the next six months six months until the season starts on this Cam Newton thing. So I'll say DJ more 12 percent chance. He's on this roster. I say that because of a new coach you want a clean break and not have the drama of all the cam questions. And over and over that's what Ron had the last two years coach Rivera. Is he playing what's the status? All these different things that really was a distraction to the team it Stuff Plus the injury situation plus being a new coach that's is coming from the college level and I think it's going to ask a lot of the players to buy into his system of how he wants to get this done. cam I think is absolutely adored 100% and backed by everyone in that locker room unfortunately the perception is he's his own guy he's you know the one that's a little bit aloof that he's going to be kind of pouty when you want everybody on the same page and those are public perceptions that are you know just speculation or people like Colin Cowherd or guys know National media bashing on them but unfortunately that's the day and age that we live in can you get him to buy in and be a team guy and be more focused on some of those things I think that's important to coach rule I don't know that for sure but just getting a little feel for him over the last you know two months that he's been the coach here and hearing him speak a little bit I just think it's so important that whoever is that leader of that offense however town he has to be has to be bought into the system that they want to be able to run and run effectively so I don't think it's a very very high number that he'll be back CMC I was thinking that I will go Christian Miller That's oh no 5000 no listen to me Chris Christie Caffrey has the most is the most tradable guy on that roster he has the most value and if you want value if you want if you will do anything you can to get a pic that will get you a future franchise quarterback that's the guy so that's why I say Christian Miller I argue on because I don't think any NFL Jim going to give up multiple number one picks for a running back I just think the Optics on that that's fair our bad even though I think there may be gyms that go he's worth it I just think that they don't want this is in 2020 I'm the G in the traded two first round picks for running back and that's what it would take for me for me to move on from what do you like well we need to we need a I'm going to say 90 leaving room for crazy because I think I just it's look I know people I get the logic argument but where are those pics and up who's it with I mean I don't know I don't see I don't trust that process baby they get those pics look here and then those people we surveyed those players and the players turn into soup maybe the discipline the first rounders like you said who knows what's going to happen with them maybe the disciplined approach to the process will be trading your future hall-of-fame potential running back for you know third Rider maybe that will be the discipline paintings or rather let's run derby I mean one first-rounder one first-rounder in the second half of the first round if you're moving up to get a franchise quarterback that would be an acceptable use but if you're if you're you know picking up a 25 or something like that and that's the that's the big get because we know every year there's not 32 first-rounders to is still on the board at 12 and the Raiders call you and say I'll give you the 12th pick for Christian McCaffrey right now taking that deal if you wanted to if you're interested into it at 12 you should have taken him at seven it's a good point why didn't you take it why wouldn't you take him at seven I was tripping presenting a hypothetical situation I'm sorry is it had to get Herbert first yeah they're great they're gonna vote because 50% hit we've got a great chance that innovate the heck out of this place two quarterback system going in I'll give three percent room for crazy and go Mario Addison a 97% chance that that he's on the roster he is not traded because I think Christian will be as productive div and year six is he was in year 3 I think he is not the usual running back he doesn't take the hits the way he treats his body it truly is like a temple it's about being the best football player that he can be and he's just a year-round guy in terms of how he eats sleeps drinks football all the time and he wants to be a productive player I think he's a guy that's got a chip on his shoulder since he was very young that he was he's too small too white to be a running back all these different things and you know this year I think he was also slighted even though he got that Milestone that's just been only three people have ever done it with the thousand thousand Club what a lot of fanfare he was the FedEx fantasy player of the year so that was an award given out at the NFL honors award ceremony so pretty big deal in my appliances but that was that was when we talked it through it nobody would you write when we talked about that we talked about in stadium how they didn't do a very good job with it oh yeah it's terrible I showed him on the big screen you pointed out those great three plays later that's all you need thank you go out and give them to stop the game give him the game ball freaking Game Stop the game you do want it you make it a moment it had been a part of it where a guy got up longest streak in the NFL in terms of starts and we were on the road and I think was in Atlanta and they stopped the game to give Bruce Matthews a football because of you know 270 some consecutive starts or whatever it was that's that's kind of a Cal Ripken record I mean what Christian did was special I mean special Trey Turner I will give Trey Turner he also in my mind gets to wear his own number because I don't think I think that while he is being shopped I think that there just isn't a there isn't a market for him that is going to land you the amount that you probably want to you have to have some guys on your roster and I think that yes they're shopping them and and the source that told General Lane this is probably another GM or works for the the over the Chargers that called up and were like hey you guys a guys interested in trading Trey Turner and they were like yeah what do you got what do you got and they're like we'll give you a seventh and it's like no I don't got okay just he can you throw in 20 meatballs game of Go Fish are you ready for like the Trey Turner call like if you're just like the Chargers you're like Trey Turner oh well let's pull my Trey Turner value up real quick here like I just I don't think he's a guy that you would be just like instantly pretty like I think they are shopping everybody they're interested in listening to anything there they've told the league anyone is available on our raw so if everyone's on your officer then you're getting calls about Trey Turner right because he's one of the few guys and especially because you got that has value one of you guys has value but also one of the few guys that has a contract that would be a great deal for whoever was going to get them so I tend to agree with you I don't think I don't think that the it's there I was going to say was the walls 85 hmm I think he's on the roster I think you got to keep them because the offensive line was such an area of weakness last year and do you want to whoever's playing quarterback for you do you want them up right by the time game 5 rolls around I mean you got to have some leadership he's a pro bowl player and so I had to put a number on I'd go Julius Peppers 90% it's a good point if you want to develop a Young quarterback if you if you think cam is not going to be the quarterback next year whether it's will Grier whether it's someone else you probably want an offensive line in front of them at least a couple guys and so I think it's molting and Trey Turner there were a lot of things by the mountains on the Block to so thanks a lot sorry for boop boop looks like you can say you can say hey everybody's on the Block but then you say an individual's name from that was like oh no like next yeah it's literally next week like they're going to be like well I hurt Ray Turner's on the block are from Trey Turner how I heard I heard K1 short the same just being bandied about in trade talks and don't blow up the Bob they're gonna try and they're they're shopping everybody everybody except for Brian Burns end of sentence they have an intern that's posting things on NFL Craigslist and it's just it's just everything it's just like an estate sale right now let's do two more okay Curtis Samuel ooh boy I have no feel for this this I have no feel for this we're all like Christian Miller's here yeah 50/50 across the board I give this one a Kevin Donnelly 65 I really just wanted to throw that out there actually yes all right one more gram gonna know oh jeez come on I gotta go see bismack biyombo play and I can sir Graham Cano question how many give Grandma no a bismack biyombo because I think that you have a guy like Joey slide approved he could be an NFL kicker and yes it's gonna cost them some money you just I'm sorry sorry Graham but I do think I a good process would be to let them both come to Canada because you're gonna pay Graham anyway so let them both come to Camp let him kick maybe Joey has knee tendinitis like Graham or breaks his femur during practice which is what Graham said he did what I've seen those kickers and punters during practice they're not doing a whole lot so kick a golf cart I don't ya grade break his fever during practice he was riding on top of a golf cart is one of those injuries the kicker the Special Teams guys gone wild I'd watch that cart talk you got a thought there come no I just zero can I have zero can I just can we just like the surfer can I just can we just be done gosh I'm sorry I just how I kick her and I can't you kick her talk three years in a row like just talk baby it's our next podcast can we bring back here some book that's the thing we sent off like for pro bowlers like but Graham though all right you get a skip Kev I love Graham that's my God man I think he's he's been so clutch for this team and you know everyone can pick out one or two times that you know he's in a single game you know listen I think it's definitely a guy that that is in Camp and competing for all the reasons Josh said I mean it just makes total sense and he goes out there and you know you obviously during pre-season you take on these really long kicks to see the strength of the leg the accuracy and all that and it could end up being a very variable what are they paying them like three million like who cares and this any year when you're not going to be good when your intention is not to be good does it matter that you're going to pay three million dollars to Graham go know versus saving that 3 million on Joyce live like whatever just whoever you feel more comfortable I don't I don't know if he's cleared anything as of now health-wise to so he could he could be around for a while until he gets it's it's cleared so it may not be something that's immediately a guy that is tradable right now just because of the medical situation so we'll see but I know I know he's probably busting his tail to get healthy and get that job back I mean that's the kind of guy he is so we'll we'll see I think I'll be a healthy competition and ultimately they're going to get some on something for one of those two kickers this this summer yeah seems like an asset I trade him for a stops around conditional pick sure why not whatever whatever whatever trade you for a conditional 7th pick everybody in here is getting shopped no loyalty no loyalty think you'll be on the Great British drafting show next week no I would be on the Carolina line yeah that's true me everybody wants to be armed yeah exactly Josh just emailing us to trust the process and we're know anything call or text email mr. podcaster the year since solo show that's like what insync broke up and JT went on his own I'm more of a Joey Fatone hey I've enjoyed this process one-day contract it was a there were some highs and some lows but I trusted the process I think we put together a damn good podcast I love it I love it work in the folks at home find you Kevin on the internet's or podcast hold on Twitter and Instagram at Kevin Donnelly it's KV IND ONN a LL ey kind of just ghost people on Instagram I just kind of check people out but Twitter is where I'm at a lot of my Panther news coming from there also Charlotte 49er news because things are popping up therefore will he lie in that staff it's been fun to be around them and the energy and the process that they brought to Charlotte it is absolutely paid off they had some guys at the combine right there yeah three guys three guys defensive end Alex Highsmith we tested exceptionally well running back Benny Lemay not great in his 40 time but everything else he braced he's a tough running back that I think someone will give him a chance because running backs especially later in the drafter free agents can be huge difference makers as we've seen on a lot of different teams especially really good teams that have plugged in some guys like that and then a third one is Cam Clarke I think is a very good offensive lineman that tested very well there I think it's important for our guys Conference USA where a group of five school not a power 5 school that you can go out there with these guys and your measurables measure up to what these guys are doing so I think all three of them did help their stock performance you know their stock rise a little bit and hopefully some of those guys will get drafted we got to draft already third-round picks one started all year for Tennessee Titans Nick Davis the other one very valuable player of the defensive line for the Cleveland Browns Larry Hogan Joe be so hopefully we'll get a third fourth maybe fifth guys in the pros this year nice I love it I want to go to Club lit we all do all it Josh where can they find you - medium dog you can find me on Twitter at Josh Klein rules with an S and that's pretty much it that's the only place they can find yeah actually you should go to the right report.com for all of your Panthers news you should listen to the Carolina line on the right Network the Great British drafting show it is what it is going to be making its triumphant return next season not what you think everything that we have is fantastic Kevin you have is inside voices to that is inside voices yeah we're doing that monthly during this offseason so we got another one due in March but really that Carolina line that's coming up very soon with Kelly Bartok and Al Wallace we will dive deep into some of these players possible guys we could draft some of the combine things that went on so we're looking forward to doing that podcast very shortly so that should be out so look for that one very soon soon very cool Colin do you want people to find you yeah they can find me patrolling the paint the Kramer's and rec center ha ha ha currently in second place second place but that made me really happy are we allowed to come watch you play oh that's the thing is your church league is there one like the methodists or the Baptist that are like hardcore like you fear I think we're probably standing where they were those people They're coming. They're like the monstars the all welcome Church like any denomination. Now your nomination. What day is game day Sundays, which is great like you go to church. Yeah, then you play basketball for forgiveness after for the things I say about the five foot tall referee. Wish we could afford a full size one. No, we're going to end it on that. This is been one day contract part of the right Network. Empowered by Ortho Carolina Kevin Donnelly your one-day contract is up every day. You'll see you next episode.