Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell. Hi and welcome to look how saying in linear we are being a Homestuck Fan cast and the year of Our Lord 2020. I'm Elizabeth attention worthless Elizabeth. This is your Elizabeth speaking. No, I think I'm My Own Elizabeth. Thanks. No, obviously, I'm the first Elizabeth and I made you bitch did you that would be pretty impressive considering? We're both from the same. Universe first of all and second of all you can't disprove it. Well it just saying it would be unexpected seeing as you're only what a year and a half older than me less than that. I mean John is the same age as everybody else playing the game, but he still made them with like Ecto biology. You know, you got me bear. Yeah, I sure fucking did anyway, welcome to act five actu every Buddy, this is really fun. It's very fun. I'm so happy that John is that we got so much John content. We did. I'm sorry John tent John tent. Yes, there's so much to unpack here. I was like, oh man, you know, we're not we're not getting through a lot of pages. But like we have like a really long memo and there's like a lot of really long conversations that happened. So oh, yeah. You know, that's just how it goes sometimes and plus like I needed to remember what happened in Act 4 and stuff. I was like, oh wowie. There's all this stuff that I totally forgot happened because it was so long ago. Yeah. We're WV LED an army to their whole deaths. Yeah. That was the main thing. I forgot. Yeah. I was like, why? Is there a question mark after WV oh why? Let's not talk about that. Let's talk about John and his cute little outfit and he's got some like Bill Cosby headphones. Yeah, he's just all outfitted and I was just so enchanted by that first conversation because I was like, oh, oh wait John's already met Karkat hasn't he he absolutely has and I was just waiting and waiting. Like I was making myself wait to scroll down. Hi Karkat hiker cat hi cat just like oh, it's my friend. My very good friend who I've been looking forward to talking to this is quite the outfit that John has isn't it? It's like, you know, he's got like a different thing on his chest different logo. Yeah. It's pretty different than what he's won before he does. I guess he's not really a fan of Slimer anymore, huh? I think I know. I know what this outfit is because I think I've heard of it. Maybe what do you think it is I have heard there is something called god tier outfits maybe and that's my guess you've had some shitty guesses before is all I'm saying. That's true. But I've also had some pretty good guesses name one. See you can't John's also in day. Is World in this one? You can see the lava and everything in the background all the the industrial Landscaping. Yeah, that's wild apparently the trolls like fucking told the humans to do the scratch. Yeah, just strange considering that that's presumably what fucked everything up for them. Yeah, so weird very weird wonder why they would do that but then When they've been saying apparently that the kids whole session is just doomed mmm, which means they're all gonna die. Uh-huh. Hey, this is just crossed. My mind is Homestuck like a fucking like x-rated piece of media because it does have like children dying in it. I don't think that that's because I don't even think you can do that in an R-rated film have children. Well, I mean like it's not a film though. No, I'm just saying if the the fucking like I mean like there are plenty of pieces of media where children die. Like have you ever read like the Percy Jackson series or something like plenty of kids die. Did anybody die in Percy Jackson? Yes plenty of People anyway, I haven't read in a while. What about like fucking Harry Potter? I mean like have you how much children's literature have you read since I was a child like zero. Okay. I'm like looking to my right right now. I have a whole bookshelf like 6 feet tall 90% of it. I would say is either kid wit or why a lip and like that shit gets dark. I don't know. Know what you're thinking. I'm just saying if this was a movie from where I'm sitting right now, I'm like yeah kid dies in that one kids die in that 100 kids get mind-controlled in that one. That's that's different. It's different. How is it different? I have a book right here on my desk on my desk. I was reading like five minutes before we started recording. I was one chapter into I read this book before I was one chapter into it and I was like, oh, yeah. Little kid dies in this book. I don't know what you're thinking kid lit is man. Like is this the the trolling you were talking about that you would do to me or like I don't really feel any like black rum feelings for you know, it actually has nothing to do with you. You're flattering yourself. I just have very strong feelings about kid lit great car cut definitely does not have a crush on John. No, absolutely not. What would give you that idea definitely? No crushes on John or anybody else in his team? Definitely not no no way. He's never felt love in his life or hey, yeah, exactly specifically not the hate kind of love. You know, he's just a totally neutral Arbiter of romance and he's never felt it. Obviously obviously had uh, what would you even think? He's not that's not who he is. He would never have any feelings for anybody. He knows ever not even one not even a single feeling not one of them. Also. He isn't Earth human buddies with John he is not earth human buddies with John. So stop fucking talking about it. Also, he's really good at trolling. He's super good at rolling and if you would just let him do it. He would do it really well. Yeah, but no John isn't letting him if you would just let him in Rainbow rumpus party town and like let him talk instead of kicking him off nine separate times kicking off nine separate times and then fighting over a keyboard with him the key smashes were very good. I must say while their friends all look on and be like, oh, they're so cute. No break up this fight now they're flirty clearly they are. Not are you sure about that? Because I don't know, you know seemed pretty cute and black Rami to me current me says No past me would be like hell yes. Nobody can fucking get anything straight here. Terezi, first get it get it because because hat John says he's straight John also thinks he's cysts. Oh, yeah. I will say we did see the first appearance of when brisket first talk to him and put all of the O's there and he was like, oh that's funny. There's so many O's I'm pronouncing it as a really long June unintentional foreshadowing risk is not psychic. Like, you know fortune teller. Yeah. No, I didn't notice. I don't know if this was like a thing or not because I don't know anything right now, but gryska As her special I back um, oh, yes, she does if she's not wearing an eyepatch anymore her specialize further specialized. Yeah. That's so weird, isn't it? Yeah. She also, I don't know if you I don't know if you realize this Elizabeth, but she also has her arm. Yeah. I was just thinking about that too that I was more noticeable. You can also even see like in her jacket where she would have I've had a metal arm, but then you know it got torn so that's strange. Yeah, it is super weird. I'd what happened there. Did she just get a new body or we don't have to worry about it. I'm sure because I don't have to worry about it lying about it. No, no, I'm good. About it. What are you want me to or not? It's okay. It's okay. We don't have to worry about that. Even a little bit. Shut up. I'm gonna worry about that and I'm gonna worry about I don't know what else to worry about yet but something for sure you don't always have to be worried about something. Yes. I do. Maybe worry about Jade. Yeah. Jake's not even in the medium yet. Yeah. She's not in the even in the medium yet and her dream self is already dead. So like that's not good. Super great. Super great for her. It's not good. Like it's super is a that's fine. That's fine. Everything's fine. Dan just say that they're all gonna die. But you know everybody dies in Homestuck a little bit just a little bit just a little bit they get better. Everyone can't have little a death as a tree. Well Elizabeth, you know, what a little death is no you don't put that on yourself. Uh, but that no I did not I absolutely nothing yourself. No, no, no shutting this down. You put that on yourself. A little at the end. No, oh, you know what's not funny? What a John's dad. John Stein is just sad. He almost got to see his son and then his son disappeared like literally John got risk good out of that dream like right before he was in his father's arms. I know it's like he's like a foot away. It was so close. He was so happy to see each other. He was like, oh, it's my dad in scarf lady and we're turns lady. Who is that? Anyway, oh, yes, they all we already know that Sarah's mom know that we met her and like act 1. Come on man. Do you think no moving on he almost got to actually jumped out and Roses mum fucking You know, you're very predictable and why you just you're very predictable, you know, it's not predictable. What what if I what if I just took us away to the mini game, huh? Completely predictable. Have fun. What if I what if I said, we're not going them in the game right now. Well, so predictable what if I said we are actually for once, you know, if those are your only two choices, I'm just gonna I'm just gonna chill here until you come up with something a little more. Interesting. Let's go mini game. All right. See this is a Shakedown and I'm locking this place down. So I don't know what this newfangled thing here. All is but I'm just gonna take a little seat down here. Hmm. Who are you? I see that doesn't matter see hmm. I actually think it does. I'm supposed to be playing a mini game right now. I don't know much about many games. I just got the one game. That I know we could play that if you want, but I'm not really a big fan of minigames doing anything many. Okay. I knew do need to ask first aid you shovel is into the closet. Of course. I didn't my cool. I threatened her with a gun into the closet, huh? Ah, well, she'll be fine. She put a mini fridge in there. Yeah. She's probably going to just have fun chilling out in there. Well, I'm stuck here with you playing. Yeah. My little hostage. See are you holding a gun up to the speaker know what gave you that idea? You know, I feel like you maybe are anyway, I only know how to play one game as long as I'm here. I guess I could play it with you. Yeah. Have you ever played scratch? Polka? No. I haven't that I suppose you're going to need to be taught the rules. Yes. All right see so every time you draw a card. It'll have a suit and a value attached to it. If you answer the question correctly, you keep the card and can draw another one. If you botch it, the card goes back into the deck and then you can answer it later. But you lose the game for the week. You also keep all your cards. When you come to play next time different suits have different games. There are also two jokers in the mix which give you three random cards or swap one of the cards of the same value in a different suit if you manage to answer the questions correctly. Bleep you win a real-life prize. If you manage to collect a royal flush. Okay. Do you know the Royal flushes? Yes, of course. I do. I've played cards. Tell the audience. What a royal flush is a oil flesh is the fuck. I need to look this up to make sure I'm getting it right. Actually. You can't look it up. You say it right now? No, I was right straight flush including Ace king queen Jack and 10. All in the same suit. What's a straight flush? It's a bunch of cards in the right numerical order that are all in the same suit. See that's wrong because a straight flush is the opposite the homosexual flush. You ready to play the game? All right. What's the cops giving you three of Hearts already? So for the three of Hearts, if you want to collect this card, you've got to answer this question correctly. The hot suit is a our game is called spin the bottle and you just gotta answer one question to get this card and your possession. Are you ready? Sure name? Someone Kanaya my room has or had a crush on. Okay, that would be Wells that's possibly in the future, but I'll take it ha ha so you've got the three of hot in your possession? Yes. Would you like to go ahead and draw another card? Yeah. Sure. Why not this time? I got the nine of Hearts the nine of Hearts. Well, do me a favor little hostage name. Someone never delay John has Or had a crush on can it be in any quadrant all of the ones on spin the bottle they can be any quadrant past present or future okay. I acquiesce. Yep, thanks. I mean, that's what would you like to draw another card or you gonna fold? Of course? I'm gonna draw another card. All righty, another Hearts the King of Hearts. Oh the king of hot because this one is one of the ones in the Royal Flush. It's a little bit more difficult. Ain't it for this one? I'm going to need you to name me a cannon Ashen pairing of two characters from the past present or future fashion. And and that's the one Looks like I'm going to tell you. Oh, well, I can't see you so I can't say that's that's why I have to name sweet people like well, yeah, I mean if it is the club won any of the other ones, it's two people. Sure. Yeah. Okay, that would be Tavros Fresca and Kanaya. Hey, you got it and you got a king in your pocket. Yes, would you like to Draw another Casa course, I'm doing great you're doing so great. You've only gotten Hots nine of Diamonds. Oh the not a diamond. We're going to get into a different game. Well, so this one's called partners and kind so all you got to do is answer me this question who holds the club can specify this Is it Gamzee? Well drag name? That is right. Yes. You got the 9 of diamonds. This is a little unfair ain't it? No. It isn't. I'm just very good at this game. You're going to lose some time sure four of hearts for you're just getting a lot of hot. So many hearts so far a hot. I'm just going to need you to tell me someone that Dave Strider. Has or had a crush on? Hi Karkat. I mean, that's a spoiler. But yeah, I know you've seen the fan art. Yes. Do you wanna draw another card? Yes, of course Jack of Spades. So the Spades this game is paintin class. So for the Jack name a blood type capable of developing psychic powers. Just capable of developing. Yes blue. I mean one of them did it so sure. Yeah, not really the answer I was looking for but you know, I was looking for the one that maybe was a little more common but that's the one I always remember so you wanna how many do you got any way? So many what uh draw another card? Yeah eight of diamonds eight a dime. Since who holds the - can specify this I've riska, that's actually correct ha ha and yes, I do want to draw another card five of Hearts five of Hearts. Why don't you go ahead and tell me someone that terezi pie rope has had has or had a crush on. I don't know actually whether some of these are canonical. So I'm gonna get a take a little bit of a shot in the dark here and say I'm Gonna Save riska for the answer to this one too, huh? Well, I mean you almost got to look into a young woman's heart for that one. Don't you? Yes, I'm not gonna say, how are your correct? I'm going to say you're correct. Which quadrant okay fair enough. I'm gonna draw another card then five of diamonds. Huh, you know, I'm not really too too keen on you getting all these answers. Oh just because I have finally found a minigame that I'm actually good at. You've never played a mini game with me. I don't know what you're talking about. Uh-huh. You said five of diamonds? Yes. Do me a favor. Tell me who has the sickle contents pessimists. That would be Karkat. Yes, it would be you know, Elizabeth. Aha. Not really a big fan of all of these questions you get in right? Well, that's too bad because I'm just doing great. Hey. Hey, I do another I do another card wait one more one more what? Okay, you get one mole. You just one more and one more quit. If Queen of Hearts Queen of Hearts name a cannon, you're going to get this one fuck hair Cannon pale pairing of two characters from the Present or future wouldn't that be mapa de an aqueous? You know what I think that's going to be all that we got for the mini game today. Hey, did I win that card? Did I win that last card since I did get the question, right? Yeah, you do win the fucking card. Okay your broad. Just wanted to make sure anyway, I'm gonna go back to murdering your friend. So, oh don't do that. Don't do that. I won't play any more games with you if You do. Hmm. Now that's an interesting proposition. I know now who's the hostage? I think it's still your friend. No, I think she's chilling out in the closet with her mini fridge. I told you I don't like anything mini. I already shot that thing to bits. Well, she's probably also just like playing video games or something. She never seemed to mind it when toll is shoved her in there. So I really could not give more of a damn. Anyway, I'm out. I got more people to plunder. Yeah, well, hopefully they're not as good at cards as I am, you know, what up at not and that's why they're dead sir. All right, Elizabeth. Hello. Hey Liv, how are you? Doing? Not great. My mini fridge got shot to shit. Oh, that's a shame. Yeah, I heard about that. Yeah, and you didn't do any goddamn thing about it. Well, I did beat your Captor at cards. So there's that. Oh, thanks. You're so welcome. I think she was more mad after that. Well, she did leave after it so high. I probably just saved your life. If not your mini fridge. So really you should be thanking me. I'm not gonna well. Anyway, I little I already played a game. So FYI. No, no many game today II mean I haven't I haven't been responsible for them for such a long time. That is true question. Aha, why was for iske having so much trouble with like Manipulating John. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that was wild maybe he's just more resistant to her psychic abilities. Maybe he's just too dumb. No, he's just he's to tooted nothing. No, he's too happy stew student. That's what I'm going with he's too happy for her to get a good hold on. This doesn't have anything to do with the question that I just asked. But I was just you know flipping through the pages and I'm like, wow roses. Mom really was just like hey, dude, do you want some alcohol? The middle is Battlefield. Like that's the best time to drink and alcohol clearly and it just a single alcohol. Yes, just an alcohol. Also John's face when he does get the server copy of this perv beta is just very dumb it all of his faces. It's just the equivalent of the Andy face well, yeah, that's his best bass. It's just a very good John face. He's having the time of his life out here. I don't know why he knows he's going to die. He's an optimist. Okay, he knows he has guided another timeline before it's hard to wrap your head around that especially when you're 13. Oh when I was 13, I was very aware of my mortality because I thought I would only die if I was killed by a bunch of ninjas. I mean anyway, I will admit I do think you're right like 13 year olds are pretty aware of their own mortality. But also like can you really conceived of it? Especially when it's not you that's that like you did die, but like that wasn't that was a different time line and so number actually happened to you and also everything is so goddamn weird. Anyway, like human romance is so complicated human romances, so Complicated like why do you need a separate word for when a boy likes or hates another boy? Like that's ridiculous. I can't tell you the amount of like fucking Homestuck memes came up at the time when he was like I am not a homosexual I can only imagine Karkat wasn't going to know what he meant. No matter how he said it. So why did he say it like that? Because he's John. I guess and this was a narrow were like the word homosexual was just he was thrown around a lot more. Yeah, that's to now. It's just like, you know, it's gay is just you could just say it. Yeah, that was very funny that Karkat was so completely confused those like what why do you have a word for that? That doesn't make any sense. How is that even a thing? I do have to ask you as a linguist. Yes in a sadly hypothetical world where there is no homophobia or any any of that bullshit wouldn't there still be a use for that word as a distinction in a culture? Probably. Yeah. I mean, I don't know if this is necessarily A Linguistics question, but like if there was a reason to distinguish then then possibly I mean there would be some word. I don't think this is the case just because of the existence of Kanaya. Kannaiya is just so incredibly lesbian. You can't take that away from her but like trolls like Kanaya make me think, you know, maybe but like wouldn't it be useful for them to have a word, you know, like so like, hey don't hit on me. I am a lesbian and I don't want to date you. Because clearly troll lesbians exist example, Kanaya example, can I obviously yeah not all trolls are just like straight-up bi or pan or anything right not to mention like what about gender and how that functions because obviously trans Trolls Exist and strolls exist. Yeah trolls. You gotta have some words to distinguish yourselves yet not to persecute each other, but just for convenience. Convenience so can I can be like, yeah, I'm a big lesbian and not have to like explain everything. Oh, yeah. No, I only date girls and then they'd be like why? Yeah, like the he would just have to say that and then it would all be cleared up just like oh I get it now wait, like they have so many other words for romance surely they could have one for that too. Yeah, it's really not that hard to come up with like a couple extra words. They have so many words especially for Romance. Trolls, I mean, like don't get me wrong. I would rather live in a world where homophobia doesn't exist and there are words for being gay or being a lesbian rather than a world where homophobia does exist and there are words for both. That's an obvious that's an obvious. But at the same time like if you do live in a world without homophobia and no words For your own identity. How do you like? How does that work? Yeah. I just figured it was a Linguistics question, you know or less almost anything can be a Linguistics question if you think hard about it enough. Yeah here I have another Linguistics question for you. It wasn't it really sad. When WV was like in the pool of blood with the rags and he was like you could never be a leader of men. Yes, you should anything could be a Linguistics question. Okay, wait, I could probably make it into a Linguistics question, but it would take too long. He's not a good army leader. But he is a good mayor. He's a good mayor and I feel like that's a better thing to be anyway, so, you know, I would rather talk to a mayor than to a general absolutely who stood John talked to let's see Priska. Yes, if it's got and also some amps he was very Stern with them right at the end there also, he's getting like information from vriska about the other trolls like hmm. He's doing some reconnaissance like that smart boy good boy. He is a very good boy and he's not just trusting brisket, which is also good. Learn the lesson there. I mean I know to us He did almost kill him and sort of maybe did but I feel like terezi is generally speaking more trustworthy than prisca, but John does not know that. No, at least like Taurasi was the one he just trusted and not risk as what I'm saying. Yes, you know, there's that my favorite thing about being back like with the kids is just like how silly they're allowed to be. I know I mean, obviously I love the Trolls but they're a little serious just because of how different role culture is and how they're not quite allowed to be kids. You know, they're very serious. Less of a Maryland more of a Jackie. Okay, so two classy and not too tacky. Uh-huh, so can't wrong. So let's see. Are you calling John Elwood's? Yes, you know, I'll go along with that. Sure. Are you or are you not? No. No II am I feel like that's a compliment to them both. He's incredibly optimistic. Uh-huh has very lofty goals. Girls ha ha and you know is optimistic in achieving them even though they seem extremely Out Of Reach and almost impossible. Okay, uh-huh is betrayed by people close to him. Yeah. Okay instead of the Chihuahua. He has his daughter sure somebody write that fanfiction Legally Blond Homestuck crossover. It is primarily a John Torres. Black Rome thick. Hmm. Okay. Anyway, okay. No, no. No, I'm into this keep going. Okay, so we let me set the scene here, please. They John and trez you have been mates for it's for a very long time and John thinks that she is going to be posed to him. Wait. No. Wait. No. No, what are you saying that in this scenario to resi as Warner? Yes, absolutely. Not why because that's sewing too busy short. No, no, no. No. No shh, please listen to me. Please. Listen to me. Come go with me on this journey. See I'm okay. I'm keeping in the back of my head that terezi should be Vivian, but go for it. I guess somebody else is Vivian. Okay? Okay. Okay now I'm curious keep going. No. No, I got it. I got this i got this don't worry about it. Okay. I know I'll warn you. I know Legally Blond really well. So I do I do too. I was in the play and just as much as you were. Yes, that's true. We played the same part. We played the same character. We played the exact same character know that this was not related at all. It was in two completely separate high schools and world away and yet we were both cast. We were both Chutney. We were both Chutney both Chutney. It's the hair. It's definitely the hair. We got Typecast because hair anyway, Jonah Jonah Terezi have been made Spritz for a very long time and then you know terezi breaks up with him because she needs some more serious girlfriend. And so she goes off to troll Harvard Law and John follows her and now he doesn't love her now. He hates her with a with a passion terezi is dating this new girl named Frisco and you know, she is, you know, just say a much much better than him in every conceivable way. Okay, okay. And then John falls in love with roses. Mom who's also their as a ta. You've lost me. No, but they're the same age. No, you lost me. It's just because you haven't read the rest of Homestuck. Anyway, okay not concerns me anyway, so I think my favorite part about this. Well, I like so many parts of this but one of one of the parts that we haven't talked about yet is John is like told to dispatch the imps and instead of fighting them. He just points them out the door. Yeah, I did very much loved that. He was so upset and he was just like no out of my room and they just found sadly. I'm left this. Is it everybody out? You are dead serious and they're like, yeah. Okay. Sorry about that and Elizabeth. I think with this I'm going to kick you out of this podcast for today. Oh Willie. What are you going to do all by your lonesome? Well, I'm Going to close out the episode obviously. No. No, we already had an episode where you had some time to yourself. There was also another episode where you had to do the outro alone because I was singing anime. Yes, there was I clearly remember it that was before the episode that we have a lot of which was when you did a bunch of Records. Yeah. Sorry. She Mortals I can see you know, what they say. This role frustration that has arisen me in me immediately upon you once again starting your background music has persuaded me you please please do the outro for me and that's going to be all right. I'm stuck just have for today. I'm just let me do it. You could sing one of your own you're Catholic songs in the background if you want. Ask of you all the way home. So we have some today. I do have to be with you on this point. Are you saying that Catholicism is the spiritual equivalent of anime or the spiritual opposite? No, I'm just saying that you would know that by heart more like as much as I know anime openings up by heart. Maybe I'll just Legally Blonde song that's going to be all of the homes that we have for today today. We are three pages 2626 through 2667. You can read all Homestuck at Homestuck got calm. And also if you need an accessible version that's going to be on our Tumblr page at Lookout saying dot tumblr.com also up. There are the transcripts that Elizabeth always writes and she's obviously transcribing some bullshit here and like Like trying to say that I'm speaking in an accent that I'm not speaking in. So Elizabeth you just have fun with that. I guess if you want to be a fucking liar, which I know you do. We have a Twitter. Oh, yeah, you can find those transcripts like everywhere but mostly on our Tumblr and also on the in the episode descriptions of every episode because you know, we got to do that and we also have a Twitter at how underscore saying where you can ask us some questions. Since about everything and also if anybody knows how to get to play the past Karkat wake up flash. I haven't been able to get it running on my computer and I really want to know how to do it and I really want to play it because just one of my favorites if you can just tweet at us about that, that'd be great too. And our music is done by John Michael and I know his name all the time. So there you go, and if you You like our podcasts rating review us on iTunes and tell your friends about us so that you can hear all the passive-aggressive fanfiction that we make together and also passive aggressive Silence from Elizabeth the bitch. Oh, I'm a bitch now and remember riska did nothing wrong except maybe a little bit of light necromancy it remains to be seen by everyone.