Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent. Kent property accountant based in Auckland and this is often an argument given as to why you would invest in one of the main centers as opposed to a smaller town. So what we often see in small towns is because the price of properties is really low often things like rewiring a house replacing the roof often get to food. We don't do them because they can't be capitalized. So if you have and what I mean by that is if they had you invest in. Dollar house or a $200,000 house. If you have to spend $20,000 on rewiring the house or replacing the roof, you're probably not going to do it. You're probably going to put it off because it doesn't really make Financial sense for you to do it straight away, but it still needs to happen in order for you to to continue to tenant the house. And so what Andrew and I have in front of us different cash flow situations different property investment analyses it comparing a and Investment in the main Centre to a small town because the idea behind this is if that you were to invest in the same house the same actual physical house whether it is in Rotorua or an Auckland or Wellington, it's still going to cost roughly the same amount to replace the roof. It's going to cost roughly the same amount to rewire the house. But of course, it makes more sense to do it on a higher price property because that $20,000 that's a smaller proportion of of the the price of the property and so essentially what this all boils down to is although even though you may get a lower gross yield on a property and one of the main centers compared to a smaller town at the end of the day because over a 10-year period you've got to factor and that extra $20,000 you can actually in the situation I've got in front of me be $35,000 worse off if investing in a smaller town than in one of the Main centres and that's even if the property and smaller town is cash flow positive because you've got a first of all account for tax and then you've got to account for that extra $20,000 of spins that you've got a got to look into and drive send you scribbling away on this this cash flow prepared for you what jumps out at you? Well actually take us through the numbers and fall first, I think it and then I'll go then I'll go through my notes. I'll critique. Yeah. Sure. So what I've got set up in front of me as an Auckland property that's been purchased for. Hundred fifty thousand dollars and yes, you can buy properties for $750,000 in Auckland as renting for 650 dollars a week and I'm comparing to this with a small town Town property Sansone eltham for $150,000 and it is renting for two hundred and forty dollars a week. So the gross Guild on a prop on the Auckland property is 4.5 1% the gross yield on their althom property or small town property is 8.3 to pee. Scent and then what I've got and I think this is really important as well as I'm looking at the Optics. So the operational cost so I'm thinking the rights the accounting the property management the vacancy the tenting fees or leasing fees and what we've got is operational costs for the Auckland property of $9,500 and in the small town Alpha property of $6,500. Now what something that will jump out to you, is that that as a Russian the small town property is more expensive. It's got higher higher operational costs as a proportion of the purchase price now, why is that? Well, if you were listening to a couple of episodes ago, you would have heard that that rates even in smaller towns don't tend to be that much proportionally cheaper because smaller towns have smaller populations, but they still have to fund the council. So they've got relatively High rates or property taxes as a proportion of as a Portion of the actual actual property value similarly, you've still got accounting fees a property accountants going to charge you the same amount whether you know, roughly speaking whether the property is in Wellington Auckland. It doesn't matter what the value of the property is. So as a proportion you have higher costs with that small town property. So that's why you've got nine and a half thousand dollars worth of operational cost for the Auckland property and six and a half thousand for the small town. And despite the fact that the small town property is as 5 times cheaper than the Auckland property. Now what that actually means is the net yield. So after accounting for those operational costs the neat healed on the Auckland property is 3.24 percent. Whereas for the small town, it's three point nine nine percent. So there's only point seven five percentage points difference between the Auckland and the small town property despite the fact that the small town property had almost Four percentage points higher gross yield than the Auckland property. So that's the first thing to note that there is a real difference between than the gross yields and the neat yields. Then what I've got as well on top of that is let's say that you finance us at a hundred percent. It's a three-point. So you borrow all of the money to purchase this property at 3.5% interest rate. Now the Auckland property is going to be it's going to cost a total of $2,000 per Ooh year to own whereas they small town property is going to earn you $730. So it's going to be cash flow positive. So then if we look at it at over 10 years, it's going to cost you about $20,000 to own the Auckland property. But the small town property is going to earn you $7,300. So a bit of a difference the about about $27,000 net then you've got to account for tax because if your property is cash flow positive, it doesn't matter if you're Have to food Capital maintenance and ten years. You've still got to pay tax every year on that. So that means that broadly speaking that seven thousand three hundred dollars worth of cash flow that your small town properties bought you is actually going to be just under $5,000. And actually that was a really interesting point that I did highlight because I I'm shocked if you're just looking at a cash flow positive property and forgetting about the tax. I need to pay hopefully no, I'm the IDS listening and so once you take out a third for the taxes It really does impact the the end numbers and the other thing that if we just start looking at the bottom lines, once you account for say $20,000 worth of deferred Capital maintenance, so replacing that roof roof over over a 10-year period the Auckland property is that as in terms of cash flow down fifty nine thousand five hundred dollars. So say 40K and the small town property is down $15,000 once accounting for that. So both our cash flow negative over a 10-year period Period the Oakland property more. So but remember that that that the value of the property initially was five times higher than the small town property. Now if we just look at the bottom line and look at the equity from spinning that $40,000 on the Auckland property you would have made in terms of equity four hundred and seventy two thousand dollars now with the small town property spending $15,000. You would have made $94,000 so you would have made significantly more. On the Auckland property and your return on spend on the Auckland property. It's about 12 times. It's actually 11 .94 times and there are two non the money you'd spent on the small town property is six point two four times. So essentially if you were to buy the same amount of property, it's $750,000 and the small town you would have had to spend in terms of cash flow a total of 75 thousand dollars once you account for deferred capital. Maintenance whereas to in order to get the same amount of equity gain as the Auckland property. Whereas in Auckland you would have only spent $40,000. So there is a real difference if you still want to get that four hundred and seventy two thousand dollars of equity gain. There is a real $35,000 of difference you would have to put in as well as all of the emotional stress of a Visa and the small towns versus the Big Town Andrew that those those are the main numbers and I'll probably have to screen shot. But this and and pull the put it in the show notes. But yeah, I just the things that stood out to me. The net yield is quite similar and this is without even thinking about the Deferred maintenance. So 3.99 in the small town versus 3.24 and I know we harp on about about yield being the one to follow but it's just interesting that the net yield is so similar also, it's been very very very kind here by using a capital growth rate of 5% for all. And and for the small town, let's face it for sport house getting 5% organs. Probably getting eight. And so all of a sudden you return on Spenders so much more and I really do think very did find that Andrew. I really try when putting these these site the kinds of spreadsheets together to not try and Trust are on the side of being yeah completely biased and unbiased unbiased. Yes. I don't want people to look at these numbers and think They said that they primarily recommend new properties to investors. And so therefore they have been kind with the numbers. These are this is just what it is and what it just comes back to when you when you you know, throw the spreadsheet away. How do you if you do as the fact that whether you replace a roof in Auckland or you replace it and gazzman it costs $20,000 $30,000 whatever. It happens to be in order to replace that roof. The costs are not that. Similar same for rewiring a house same for any of these but if your house is worth two hundred three hundred thousand dollars in Gisborne and it's worth 1.5 million dollars in Auckland or a million dollars in Auckland, then it's much easier to swallow. It doesn't affect your cash flow as much because if you have to buy five houses and Guzman to get the same amount of of investment as you do in Auckland, then then you're going to spend $100,000 replacing roofs and Gisborne, but only 20,000 and Auckland. And so there's an 80 thousand dollar difference in terms of deferred Capital maintenance that you've got to look out for. These are hidden costs. Yeah, and this I think this is why we put out this podcast and put it all this information because we want people to make informed decisions. We're not necessarily the solution for everyone, but we want people to be able to make really informed decisions knowing what the bottom line is and too often. We read a property investor magazine article and we focused on Gross yield too often. We don't think about these things and you look at you just go chasing yield, but you sacrifice. It's economics. You're always giving something up to get something. So you need to be thinking about what we do. I need to spend money to make money rather than looking at saving money because you'll sacrifice so much growth on the long term. Well, hey, let's wrap it up there. But please don't forget to rate review And subscribe to this podcast. It really does help us get the message out to more people and hey, if you if you've been listening for a while and you're thinking hey, I think I'm ready to become a first-time property investor, then why not just tap or swipe over that cover art. I'm going to link you to Our property and Vista quiz, which in just seven questions is going to give you a yes. No, or maybe answer as to whether you're in a position right now to invest in property and make that first investment. And on top of that is going to give you a full rundown about what your numbers actually mean. There's some pretty cool digital magic e stuff in the background that happens, but I don't need to go into that here. Thanks for listening to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host epic night. And I'm Andrew no corn we're going to be back in tomorrow with even more daily strategies tactics and insights to help you get the most out of the New Zealand property Market until next time.