Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action.And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ. If the diagonal isn't isn't so big now. Nice popped up during those from Belfast it is yeah a real thousand homes of our thousand people. Yeah check. That was awesome. So yeah, I'm currently working in Dublin for a construction company called Mercury study the Queen's for three years outside of that up like, you know football for my little club and I gallons of Mary's to massive part of my life as well. Beyond that then obviously the relationships in my life that I've maintained our office their massive part as well and then beyond that probably the area of personal development is there's a massive as a mask Sakura's. Well, how would you divide up your life or how would you look good? Look at your life in those sort of spheres if you like? Yes, so briefly about myself and what came from initially a law background having studied at University. I was very sporty coming through school soccer gillick more So you have taken on a lot more responsibilities and sort of start to develop a career for myself and fitness. So the gym whatever you want to call it and we thought has come a lot more questions as to how I'll manage my time and the relationship that I have intertwined in those sort of key areas to my daily life for my career. And so to put it in perspective. I still do a lot of people think I'm a full-time PT work a full time job for factor and legal services as large loss Pierce. Essentially 95 at a desk negotiate and financial contracts. And then after that I have just started as of the start of this year working and Anytime Fitness in Belfast as personal trainer there as well as taking on clowns one one-on-one sessions. I do classes and general Jim Jim work. So again, that's another part of my time and then on top of that I have an online coaching business where the clients via the form of the internet what's up Google apps and stuff and then my own tree On the relationship suppose. I hold dearly are K phallus like all shouting Peter my brother and a few other Lots in close contact with and on the more business and personal development front and then of course Lizzie my girlfriend and then probably just more basic and a family relationship like after this here everyone. I'm actually going home for the first time in a couple weeks just to save a family simple things. I got there about very valuable to me, but there are no options on the along the same lines as himself is very one of the best things about our relationship as we've seen developers. We're sharing a lot of the same ideas. Diaz and like I said with the start we think this is a good way to share those and help others understand. So just moving on to how we actually him to sit down together and I will record a podcast so high that actually happened suppose when you get to this, eh, it may be becomes harder to it becomes easy to be stagnant and your development of such because the comfortable for you at University. You're the other their relationships that you Form of table, you know, there's a level of facilitation spot on glitter in Illyria, wherever in a classroom after talk that opportunity is there. Yeah, but I suppose when you get into work and life. Yes, you do have to work colleagues. You have your teammates. If you're in pain you have your gym colleagues. I'll see you at the gym. Yeah, I'd say that it can be harder to actually smash heads. Yeah, I thought yeah, I don't like minded. So Tex Tex a bit of proactivity getting on the ball reach out to someone. So exact exactly what I did. Yeah rates that to John. Me on the basis that I thought that I could add value his life and he could add value to my hand. Yeah, so regardless of what happens I am confident that I've made it made a great choice and they look risky manifest and something that others can benefit from yeah, he has much is that we benefit and it was we benefit from it. Obviously. Yeah, so just locking up a little bit of your CV or your portfolio like your extracurricular activities aside for a job and Gaelic the your You're both going to those two things. You're right. We'll get on a bit of my DOT your the create your their creative side your creativity in terms of your the Articles. You've written. I am of starting to read them and know all about you before we actually got talking and one of the things I've written down in my personal development goals this year is to be more creative in the sense. Not only read more books, but right more share my thoughts and again not surprising example of are like your own body to myself as well and I like use you or whatever you want to call it to develop me and that key aspect. Which I think everyone should have that thing that they don't you just use your mind for something going into work and being a robot on the computer or whatever it is. You do try and you know, always learn more on trying to push yourself in a sense to be more to add more value to advertise around you but your mates are you know, you're going to make money out of your business whatever. It is some other another foundational element of myself a giant relationship is the element of Annabel Lee. Yeah, and it would be easy for because I met Johnny million times so we are in the van. National stages of friendship or relationship so will be easy to be active go easy on each other be soft in the sense of how you're doing. Great, you know, this is hard for you. But you have to agree with each other. We're going to have to be be honestly looking to be honest. And if we set out a few Boulders had a few objectives, we have to hold each other accountable to those. Yeah. Yeah it is what's crucial is up definitely but I think I kind of belly is is a keyboard a massive work. I mean a lot of different things but I think for myself I used to Us in practice for my uh, my clients online coaching a both in person is you have someone else or to you know, someone's going to be asking it did you do that or you know someone who's going to be looking to see for my fifties that and do what I do the results in your physique you get stronger you improve and have you at this if we trained this way because at the end of that you don't get it what I put in the work and so that's what's good to someone invest and a coach whether it's Fitness of the Jim or Austin best in each other in terms of the time were given each other then prove we are saddened goals on That we're both gonna be asking each other have we achieved those and have we got to where we want to be whether it's on short-term weekly monthly basis or whether it's longer over the sense that like we're sitting here today. We're three on end of the third month of 2020 already. I feel the gasps sighs questions. We had were almost a third quarter of the way through the year. So like yeah, we're very much sadly goals for the idea will look back on this and several other pieces we're doing and yeah hold each other accountable time. Yeah. Well you're working hard whether you're Working hard whether you're failing that you're going anywhere. Yeah Dragon. Yeah time comes they'll use by the same riff. Yeah. Absolutely. That one's got the same 24 hours a day or whatever way you want to divide it down in seconds. Well, that's ours and there were certainly a point in my life where I was sitting there. You know, you need Monday morning at 7:00 and Sunday night not wanting to go to bed because then you have to wake up on us on the Monday morning and repeat the the monotonous cycle that is doing something that a necessary necessarily wasn't. The right and time management for me now involves China fed and a lot of things that touched on there and I sadly wishing there was more hours in the day and you can break it down to any scale you want already basis weekly basis and daily business, but don't get me wrong. I'll make as much of a crowd procrastinator Xanax person. I can always do more and I'm certainly looking to get more out of myself through, you know, even how to discuss this with you. I'm sitting here now you thinking you know what I can't do more and it's definitely something that we can all we can all look up and said, how do we manage? Our time and get more out of verbally because Jordan This hardness. Yeah Town people. Yeah, laying out a few things. Yeah. We're more kind of old to actually don't do more. Yeah 3i throughout the week. Yeah, then we can come back in our next in the next podcast and and to burn off a confident on our yeah and what we're saying. Yeah and see where we've come since the last one. So the next question I got room done written down rather is what we hope to deliver / get out of this so we'll have 1/2 sir. Answered that in a few different ways suppose on a personal level. I want to get out of this. I'll see more more interaction engagement with yourself. Yeah, and that way and then in terms of actually the podcasts obviously obviously if it goes well for goes well, yeah, that wasn't yeah you have to be realistic as well. Yeah, no matter what happens to me and tell me if you agreement that we're gonna release a podcast every month. Yeah, we're gonna get then at the end of the year, which is Is which is completely fundamental to everything. Yeah, like not getting caught up in the results. Yeah, they sure as well that they are not supporting team with them. I'm releasing articles. Yeah. I hope that this year called Web is here. It's not much. I have really slow. Yeah, they're common though the straight Lord's people. I've got three. I've got three are so committed to releasing one every two weeks until the end of the year. Yeah. So like what's that roughly 20 articles? Yeah. So I said of self-love whatever whatever happens just get the fucking toilet. They pumped out. Yeah, I don't do it at the end of the year. Yeah seems a podcast. Yeah when we have nine months left. Yeah, I'll talk to her. So get you don't see us review the year. You're not gonna change the world after nine podcast. Yeah, you know what? I mean? Who knows what happened exactly? Who knows? So all the pieces that no one knows just get the fucking thing out. Yeah. What can they learn together as well the way you can say it? Harold everything's you're all probably and then scram or I'll probably reading the same things I am whether it stop thinking and start taking action or what's getting the job done or to start and is something that I am very much didn't appreciate enough until I actually started and not more related to me doing with person training course made a personal trainer for yourself start getting up in the morning writing articles published in them and then seeing what comes out and the more you do but it's a snowball effect the more you want to do because you improve and it's even like me now the more I go and log onto my business or the stuff that I'm doing. I will see something I improve on and I'll do that. I'll go you know what this is. Perfect other log off come back on the next angle will do so much room to improve here Tristan an interest in salt. So you have your dad job obviously. Yeah, what if you do if you had to divide up your time or your the amethyst that you pulled on each of your areas of life. So we've got your career. Obviously your job five. Yeah, you're coaching. Yeah your own personal trainer. Yeah. No, sorry the training that you do yourself. Personnel in your relationships and personal development. Yeah, if you could you could good question all this what we can associate a percentage figure. Yeah to each of those. Yeah as to what is most important to ya in satisfying me if ya want roughly what percentage of the calculator two dots precisely I suppose if I have a blocking out at now the table I've got a quadrant drawn out. So there is 25% of each of these four things. Which is work / career Sports, which for me is my poor 11 / Fitness / gym relationships that I hold on personal development. There was a four key segments have identified in areas that I were mounted a minute and we're one of improve and I'll knock what a too much specifics, but in terms of where I'm out of the minute, it's definitely position that I've wanted to be in since I started taking the gem seriously say uni and one through a law degree for three years and then the Masters in criminology for a further year. So it's four years and From there. I went into the job and I that's I met been in for two years which anyone else would be a great career to be in I've always found my passion has been Fitness on the gym. It's definitely a thing that I get out of bed in the morning and look forward to doing in the day and the exact that can you know, be true to anyone out there whether you play the piano or whether you write articles, it's our thing that you kind of don't feel like you're going to work myself. I do have long days, but this is no by no means and that I work harder than anyone else, you know, maybe up in the morning have a class. I'll stop and ha V working then from nine half twelve and back down to the gym PD and somehow felt half on the back of the work from half woman half for and they get some Nathan them in the gym taking classes and doing work from 4:00 to 5:00 to 9:00. And then I trained myself and I and half and what's the are a background in? What is it? You're working. You're going to factor. Yes. So 30 hours a week at 12 hours and working for Anytime Fitness 12 clans of my ten hours a week and that's PT and then I have my own training to get in which five sessions and all and a half can be anywhere from XD it ours, then off to get an MBA online coaching staff, which usually leave check-ins to Sunday. Usually those takeout faults on there. And that's something that I could have identified as I can improve my efficiency there and then you've got things in relationships such as girlfriend Lizzie spend time with her and basically getting away from sit in front of a computer screen and just going for a walk in the park is kind of things that I've really seen as be more valuable to me as I've got more busy. What was the nature of nature of the coaching and the Anytime Fitness. It means that you have to put in what is it independent? Well larger wig. Yeah. Yeah sounds like my route sort of fake false your pants. Yes. He's a standardized. Yeah. Yeah. I don't need to have space in the color for 10 hours. Hello. Do it 12 hours. Yeah. Yeah our site also Leah who's in the morning before work and I'm able to just like 30 minutes. Yeah, and then come home go to gym, obviously. And try and chisel a bit of the evenings. Yeah, 45 minutes. Yeah. That's an R. What's up a nonfat Tina there so it goes oh, it's just an exercise is not to chip of the block is it's all about, you know, every component Department 22 hours. Yeah. It's definitely yeah. So time on really have to really think about how to think about for sure all your tree and and driving up and down the road, you know relationships all the same. That's all I do is I do is there any other yeah, we're time or this is the beauty of this podcast like wouldn't by no means going to give on all the answers here where no means going to give each other answers to our problems, but it's just a way of like voice and we're up also quite conversational. Yeah. So if we can get any jump in here for an hour every couple Saturday's there. Yeah. I didn't be less it will be as formal or is demanding. Yeah. Downright natural article, that's the goal from love-starved metal Landing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but I read some of your stuff it on it's more than good. So you're definitely like you can't believe that I'm seeing myself a perfectionist in the sense that you don't want to be seen by anyone tell you think it's perfect and you never really get like it's the same whether you're in physical training to look better than Jim. You're never going to get to the day we wake up and more lawyers often go. I'm here. I'm happy with what I see. Same thing is you kind of just have to like, you know, stick it out there. A lot of be reviewed take the feedback and critical the critical feedback on the chin just some constructive criticism was closing a couple classes for yourself. We talked about obviously the various different parts of your life that you have going on. Yeah different areas. So can you talk us about about how you manage on is the load between the likes of the 38 artwork that you wanted to ours coach in your own actual training? Yeah, and then obviously you have a girlfriend and amongst. I don't know man. I think the first thing is the first I have to point out is that I'm very lucky to have my day job right beside the gym that are working. So I don't know if n is less than 2 there's no the sine of alpha study Sounder. I'm on Toria Street beside your opal daily. Probably seen any time from the Saranac store up. The street is a factor or where I work. And before I became a trainer of being a member there for about two years on the beauty of it was I could buy side of the gymatorium lunch brick and so with thoughts and with the convenience of it, it's seamless for me to do the we schedule a pumped out. For their of like, you know the different hours in the day to get that done now by no means as the process perfected at the minute. I'm actually after this corn dog off the back of a white board and let's see so I can start plan better and I can see there's loads of room for improvement. It's just good that it set up the way it is, but it's maybe something as simple on a Sunday evening or even every night before you go to bed. Take out the job East or beside your bed and write down what you're doing for next day at way pot down in your phone again, this kind of high-end clients that I tell them before you go to bed at night. Put the male's you're going to eight the next are and to my fitness pal. I'm takes the potential for error or surprise out of the equation. So if I know exactly which I'm doing every day and nail the variables then everything's in my control and then there's less potential to slip up again that applies to your dad your training sessions. You know, that's what point program and for me pain in my weeks with all those different things to have don't get me wrong. There's things that don't get enough attention. I'm sure let's see what degree like, I don't see her enough as a should. I don't get out and walk and just walking amongst the trees or you know busy being outside instead of sitting in front of a screen and office or sitting in the gym floor both love both those things, but it's not necessarily how to place the nature of today's world is not if you want to put yours in your craft and I'm sure once we get another podcast and the gold touching this again and point back to war was up, but for the time being everything is going very well. I'm certainly have capacity and in the sounds of country take anymore on but look the position I met at the math six months ago if you told This is where you're going to be. I'll be over the moon with her mouth. So overall I'm working flat out, but I'm happy with what I'm doing. And he was obviously just an introductory. Yeah, just to get the ball rolling. Yeah, because as I was saying we've waited long enough and it's not going to be perfect. Yeah, I probably have went off to be tangents but it's not really just about getting hit the ball roll mother says yeah, I started. Yeah, like I said that's more about all sharing our thoughts with each other and that not anyone else here tend to think of they can pick up something out of it as opposed to all supposin question. I'm trying to answer properly because you look up a question on Google. You'll find a hundred thousand of announcers same way. You asked question that different people will give you different answers. So it's less about answer and it's more about conversation on the staff at the platform. We want to provide here and the same way as I'm sure all she will Echo this if anyone has any sort of comments, I thought swear I what way we publish that you want to damage of a separately or we have a comment section The Forum where people can share ideas. Yeah. All things were looking to develop this is just the first one. That's the most important thing to wear to wear straight. Yeah. We don't want to just be an excuse for work. Yeah, you want people come back asking questions recommended in areas that we can touch upon and really getting getting in contact with a spoon. Yes. What else would one think I was just going to close up and ask you a question to say like word you see this going for not maybe also in this podcast, but the whole idea is self-improvement the more we can help each other. So maybe you just want to touch on the war. You see the battle for come from your side I said, yeah you have on your right and stuff like that recently. I have yeah, I've been a been themself that I overthink. I overthink a lot. Yeah and same I think about everything. Yeah, I think my sayings is so that's why I let it go. Yeah biological sometimes to the detriment of myself, you know where your way on up things and you're you're looking for you're looking for jobs to join that don't need to join. Yeah, you know, yeah Anna be totally they tell you fellas off go to thoughtful. Yeah, so Suppose the good thing about this is that it's not get my thoughts care. Yeah, we're inside round chuckling find its bacon is a good way to make your thoughts clear. Exactly. So I have the writen I have hopefully this podcast can can that tag off as well? Yeah. So yeah, I suppose a more noble patroness. It's actually it's actually living by the fact that are living by the thought process of thinking more. Yeah. Thank you less playful a second or more action more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, 100 so signs Gomez and looking forward to ever go with us. And I think that's why we're both afraid. This is going to be our first published piece. So I got was well just caught it on tape and I were more than welcome here. Any feedback ravenous? The first one we said was going to be more of a Q&A like get to know us was that in the line? We're going to set a certain topics for a podcast elaborate on those further. Yeah, so go start flashing because doorbell rings. Yeah. Anyone has any insights are any recommendations on our is that that would be relevant that you just like covered in the future? Give us a shout. I will speak. These are like a butt.