In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena surprised right now, I love how nice I love right the second we started this I said do we have a joke? Yes, and no. He said, okay fine what I'm currently looking. Yeah, it's all right, we can feel time. You know, I'm also going to say the reason I don't have one because I usually do my cat jokes. My cats are in trouble today. They vomited all in my bed, and I'm very upset about it. Sorry if you're eating right now. I mean, yeah, so yeah, I don't know what joke right now. All right, then we'll go to we all just got off a retreat right now. I'm Rollin staff for our Awakening Retreat. And if you don't know what an Awakening Retreat is, it's a college. Retreat for college students put out my college students. So it's a great time. I think that's such a funny catchphrase. It's College treat put put on by college students for college students and it's like growing up at least there was always like people my age on the staff regardless of what it is. So like then you go to like another treat that's like maybe for adults. It's like it's a retreat for adults put on by adults. Like why would you have Like children, but on the adult retrievers, I don't know. It's just a very funny catchphrase. But so for this like Springer treat that we're having in our church. I always say Spring Street. It's a retreat for teens by teens and no one gets it because no one does in college, but yes, we just got off staff Retreat there's a day Retreat and it was put on by Kylie and I for our staffs and it's kind of coordinators for that. But we want to kind of get a consensus of how Was it for you guys? What is probably the biggest takeaway you got from mr. Tree and we'll start with munsif. Think God was like being able to recognize it. We go out and like help others and just like yeah just like fulfill our roles like as disciples is that you yourself you have to really take care of yourself because here also like I don't know like, you know what I mean? I think father said in his homily like the importance of like us like our hostility and stuff like that. Like we are going to be like other people's hospitals. Yes and like taking care of them like because they are Patients, but in order to do that, we like ourselves have to take care of ourselves and like recognize like within us that like the holy spirit is going to be able to do the work to so yeah. What about you Thomas was a great Retreat. I don't know a lot of people up to see you say cuz I'm doing a lot of other stuff at my church frequently my own bearish, you know, so it was really good to meet a lot of new people. I met Elvita, I met Sarah and I met other Sarah those are some significant names and I also like I'm still learning names for other people. So we're working on it and it's getting better. But then also there was like, excuse me. There's a silent retreat part of it where we you know, we pray the rosary which I didn't do because I showed up late then we went to mass then we did Reflections on scripture and it was all really good. I really like the idea of Another tree and I get a lot out of the reflections of the scripture. So I don't know all in all probably best staff Retreat I've ever been to well. Thank you. What about you Carly Beth seeing a first of all like the preparation of this retreat was really inspiring and also like it just reminded me how amazing God's love and grace is for us because we did a lot of reading and meditating over st. Paul and his journey through life and his conversion. And one thing we focused on was like being called and we're all called but it's also scary, you know, all of those hardships he went through and he went through them with such Grace and trust in the Lord that it kind of Shows us a we don't ever have to fear and even in those scariest times like God is always showing himself to us and saying like it's okay just trust in me and he equips us with everything that we need especially for this Retreat that we're all working really hard for it's really humbling and exciting the things that everyone's putting in for this Retreat and seeing everyone just be there and have fun and be like with the Lord during mass. It was really wonderful. So yeah. Yeah, it was really great. Awesome for me. I think the one of the biggest takeaways was probably my favorite part that father came up with was writing the letters together staffs that are on there and it writing it in the format that st. Paul would for example, unlike First Corinthians and all that. His letter to the Corinthians is very loving very motivational and he was kind of one staff to the other would Express their gratitude and there. Are there complete all their hard work? So this is very beautiful to hear that from y'all and the way you guys Express to the other staffs and then kinda had such a fun time writing it from us as directors to our staff. It was very heartfelt and owes us just getting kind of emotional writing it but it was very beautiful to have that kind of moment to reflect on everything. He's given us throughout the staff Retreat and how blessed we are to have our staff. So I think that's one of the biggest takeaways at least for me because one of the moments that I had to that I got to finally sit down and meditate over what was actually happening instead of running around trying to coordinate something in the moment, but it's just as relaxing. So I think that was prime a favorite part. I think that part along with like the affirmation Centric other parts that went along with that really helped me feel more like a team, you know, like initially it was like, oh, yeah just a bunch of people coming in from like different Awakening or treats and we're going to put another one on but now it was like, I don't know it made me feel more ownership of the Rowdy Awakening 5 and it made me feel more like we were unified group Yeah, some kind of joke now. Yes, I do and I guess I should apologize. Yeah, I didn't mean for that to sound discussing together. I mean it was it's it's all good. What does Skip past that but, you know after that, you know, I decided we're doing a dog joke today. Love you guys and we always we should never leave out the dogs. I love dogs. Here we go. What's round? And green and chases sheep. Let's round and green and Chase the Sheep. Yeah, and this is a doctor. Yeah, I am. Yeah, I'm pretty confident. You can get the Sun and green chases yet. I have no idea. I'm just imagining like this grass dead dog is rolling in the field 3. French to know one melancholy That's really funny. No doesn't make doesn't make a lot of logical sense good wordplay. Yeah, and so a colleague and then around a green water melon. Melon is the same thing as Spanish. Melon, melon. That's true melons. Melon watermelon. I think she was referring to a watermelon. Okay? Okay. I understand that. We're all kind of company I got where you going. It doesn't matter about the color. We got it Matt is this stump tub? You got it. It's like one of those jokes that makes you think it's not like a not really a laughing Joker guess. It's not like a ha there's this joke where it's like this boy is sitting on a bridge we actually should be no. I'm just gonna tell you right now. It's not it doesn't have anything to do with anything. So it's boy sitting on this bridge and he's you know doing this really long yo-yo down to like the cars underneath like messing with them like, oh there's the yo-yo pulled it back up whatever in this truck drives by and you know, the yo-yo get back on the truck and the boy's arms rip off and the truck keeps driving for a long time. And then finally he gets pulled over and arrested for armed robbery. Are you sorry. I didn't mean to my grandpa told me that and I was like what I didn't know is like a joke or anything. So I was just like is this is a weird weird story that was like thing in The Villages. About I was like wouldn't have taken his finger not his arm. Anyway, thanks for the joke. Grandpa. I was like jeez Roger do you look back? But yeah, we'll get in to the basic gist of this podcast as we talked about before hand. We talked about intentionality about two weeks ago last week. We talked about emotional Chastity and now we're going to friendship all of these things play a role with each other, but I think we're going to go over it mainly the types of friendships and how we live our lives as friends and other people and having friends that are friends to us, you know, and so the types of friendships are basically utility pleasure and virtue and so I will start off kind of describing what a utility friendship is and then once it will go on subscribe pleasure to lie, and then I'll go back to Virtue. So utility friendship you kind of think of it. I give you guys an example bit earlier was your dad and he says, oh, yeah, but friend that's mechanic whenever Your uncle's are talking about car. So he's like don't worry. I'm a friend. He's a mechanic he can help you out with that. And you ask her dad. So what's this guy is like parents name. What's his last name is like, I don't know. His name is Joe. He's like oh so just mechanic. So he's like, yeah. He's like, all he does is just help me out whenever my car breaks and I pay him. So basically all the gist is there is that my dad goes is Hey Joe. How are you doing? I'm doing great. You're doing lots of business. Yep. That's a business fixes the car. My Dad gives me money. He fixes the car and that's like the end of the Friendship. That's where the line. And they no longer go on to what's happening in their lives, maybe a little bit but really there's not much intention there besides that they need to get something done. You can think of it more like homework groups a study groups and stuff like that where you guys all have same class again, you guys all get together to put info in for like a study review but nothing goes beyond that you don't ask how their daily lives are going. You don't ask what they do in their free time, but it's mainly you guys are just there to fulfill the needs of the class. So that's kind of a utility friendship and then I'll turn think that this it's Coming to see that type of friendship in like a work space or a school space and things like that where you'll you know, you'll see someone every day doing the same thing and you know, you're never like I don't know you're not mean to them. He likes a high and you're like hi. I was going being all friendly and stuff, but it's just there's not a lot of like work put into making a consistent relationship with that person, I guess and that's like, I don't know if that's where I see it a lot. Yeah. So the other type of friendship is a pleasant friendship and the way that it's like described is that the basis of affection is the pleasure one gets out of the relationship. So basically the relationship is more on like the commonality. So like you might like to go to like a football game with like a certain person or concerts because y'all like that's it the same music but it doesn't really go beyond that and like what unites People as friends is primarily the good times at The Experience together. And so yeah, it's like once that commonality is like taking away. Then you're not friends anymore and like you might care about the person but that's kind of like where it stops, you know? Yeah, but I think it's important to say that these friendships. We don't just like make them up. It's like it's our style. Yeah Aristotle talked about them and gp2 Looks like likes to bring them up a lot and a lot of things that he writes actually so yeah, definitely and then the last one would be virtuous friendship. This one is basically brought up upon you guys both have commonalities in the moral values that you guys have and the virtues he is Strive to complete and so you can think of it more or less as like most people would probably associate if you're listening to this most likely you are probably Catholic and listening to this or if you're not a Christian, but you can think about it a sense of Your church friends you guys go and go to the sacrifice of the mass together. You guys go into 10 that together and when you guys are there you guys both know these are both Believers of Christ and you guys both want to reach heaven together. And so when you guys are hanging out you guys basically have no eyes guest kind of boundaries of what you guys can share because you're both Catholic and as both have the common goal of reaching heaven so you don't have to filter anything that you're talking about. So, for example, we talked about last week and how Thomas is complete open book with all this friends because he's very good about meeting them where they're at. And not having to scare them away with the Catholic faith, but just teaching by action. And so you can even if you're not going to the church of that person doesn't mean it can't be a purchase friendship. It's just means you guys share them and want to wield a good to the other and that's the most important thing to remember the first years friendship having set those definitions of those friendships from Aristotle and JP to we're going to talk about how these are defiant our personal lives and what that looks like and we're going to give examples personal examples. So first one is Utilitarian friendship. So Thomas gonna kick us off with that. Yeah kinda looks like in your like I kind of touched on that a little bit. There's a lot of people that I will see every once in a while like, you know in my day to day life, I'll see him at school or work or something and I you know, I've gotten to know them just throughout, you know, doing a task with them and stuff like that, but it doesn't always like I'm not always intentional about, you know, seeing them. Outside of that space. I actually noticed that when I got to college I was like I don't really have any friends that I feel comfortable hanging out with outside of like school and work and I was like kind of concerned so I'm getting better at that because I feel like I have a lot of friends room like this is the setting that I see you in and you do not go into the rest of my life because that so that I kind of segmented my life, but that's where I see it a lot of Times I've always wanted to be a regular in a store or a copy shop or something. And that's that's where I would want. That's the ideal utilitarian relationship for me is the Barista and you and you're just like, how's it going Steve and Steve's like what's up Thomas? That's actually funny. I used to be I guess a regular this one Starbucks and there was a barista named Steve Barista, and it's a dude. Anyways, it doesn't matter. Yeah, I think it is a pretty weird. So yeah, so so we knew Steve and you know, we didn't really like, you know, we didn't want to like hang out with them outside of Starbucks because that's weird. Here's here's also like I guess older, you know, it's like 30 ish or whatever but he was cool and he knew our names and our orders and so as much as we know about him that a beast even a new arse. Sometimes he gave us free drinks and I was So, I don't know if that's how utilitarian French's play a role in my life. Yeah, I mean, I feel like a lot of us. Are similar saying that we're all in college. So I filled a lot of are utilitarian utility friendships come from school. I've noticed recently like I'm this cohort that I'm in. There's only nine of us in my class and I will stay with them through graduate until I graduate and I've noticed like I feel you know, there's like a spectrum I guess from utility all the way up to virtuous and I feel like as as I've like as I've gone through the semester as we're like really getting really close and but I it's always it's always a text message wondering about school and everything and once you like cross that boundary of like going we I went to like eat with my friends when time for school friends and I notice like I have nothing in common with these people. I can't talk about my faith. I can't talk about cats. I can't talk about anything. I don't know what to talk about. Yes Nathan cats. That's all we can talk about this all my life as I guess I mean and don't get me wrong. It wasn't it's never a bad time. It's not like they're bad people. They're fun people. They're great. It's just I it's like, you know, you all says like that extent what? You can share what you feel comfortable sharing to me. That's what it kind of keeps that at utility and it's like I said, it's never a bad thing. It's not a bad thing. It's just outside of school. We don't talk or I'm also pray for them always, but they may not even know that I'm doing that and you know, it's not like I can discuss that always but yeah, I like Being that person, you know with them note, even if it's utility or pleasure just like always keeping, you know, their interests in mind I guess is what I try to do again, even though that's not even a picture for them. It's okay, you know, we're they're my friends and I'm their friend. So yeah, it's not a bad thing. But that's like how I've been finding it playing a role in my life right now. So, where are you guys I think I was trying to think about this even when I was formulating this question. I had asked you guys I really couldn't think of a utility friendship because I am extremely bad at making friends in my classes. I got really good this semester. I met two friends and I was super happy. I was like, yes, it's because history majors is not a lot and so most likely going to have three of the same class out of the five with those people and these guys have through the same classes and I was like, hey, I have been three class and I was like, hey, so I have you and your classy sake we should exchange numbers that We need help with anything we can text but then we even hung out the other day and it was like it was really cool because we were able to relate on so many different things but I think the main thing for me that it came up was I think high school I had so many utility friendships in high school because I was looking back before I deleted social media. I was looking at all these people that I had on my on my social media feed and I just kept on seeing all these people that I was so like such good friends with I was so I thought not in high school and then I thought about it a little bit after I deleted it and I couldn't help but think I do not know these people whatsoever. I know their parents names and who they are and what they like to be about playing basketball and know that they like to do this but I have no idea how they feel on a day-to-day basis. I don't know if their faith plays a big role in life. I don't know what they do outside of all these extra curriculars. What are they doing the free time? And so I realize that all these people in high school not all of them, but the majority of them were such utility-based friendships whereas either I had a class. Them or I did band with them or I did choir or I did soccer with them. And that was where the line ended. I never really hung out with them outside of that. And so I think that's where utility friendship a role in my life. Yeah. Yeah, I think something that I've noticed with like utilitarian ISM friendships, right? That's it's like they don't really stand the test of time like it's like once I don't know like school friendship-wise once the semester is over the science classes over that you guys like all struggled through with like y'all cried together now that it's over. Over it's like on to the next semester, you know, and like you're not you probably won't text other person like for homework or anything because like it's next semester. You don't have the same classes with them. But yeah, like like you were saying like in high school. I thought I was like really good friends with all these people and I went to a private school. So it was like really easy to just be able to talk to anybody and then yeah, like all the sudden you graduate and that's it. Like you don't really talk to the people. So like it didn't stand the test of time and you don't know what they're doing like the other day. I was seeing who share their location with me and one of my really good friends that I thought like we would be friends forever. She still shares her location with me and I was like, wow like this is so sad that I really thought like, you know, we would be like best friends forever. And then I don't know if I should tell her that she's not sure but And yeah, and I think that a big issue with utilitarianism friendships, I can feel it takes are you French? Yes is that it can lead a person to feel like very lonely in general because you don't share that like with them like what's in your heart because it's all very like surface. Like hey, how are you? Good? How are you? Okay, let's I don't know like get to studying or something like that, you know. And so yeah, I think in our culture maybe is a lot of like loneliness because people don't really want to share like what's in their heart, you know, and it's hard to make friendships and to virtues friendships. Yeah, I think like utilitarian friendships are bad and neither of the pleasure friendships as well as we'll get on to it. But you know, it's about knowing what type of friendship you want with the person like Jesus had three best friends. 12 close friends and then you know the other disciples of him while he was on Earth that he may or may or may not have known closely or not. But you know, you're not going to have a virtuous friendship with everybody. You don't have the capacity in your brain to keep track of that and like, you know, I think there's like there's like a study and it was like how many close friends can you have? It was like it was like a dozen or something? In less than that, I don't know obviously when I quote a study and I say I think there was a study that said something like don't don't quote me on it. But you know, you just have to recognize that you need virtuous friendships in your life. You don't need everyone to have a virtuous friendship to you, but you need virtues friendship. Otherwise, you will feel lonely, especially once those utilitarian friendships fade and especially once you Stop getting the pleasure from those pleasure friendships. So yeah, definitely but there's like I guess there's a place for all of them in your life, you know. I'm the next we're going to move to is a pleasure or a delight friendship kind of want to start us off with that is it look like in your life. So I guess high school was more like that wrong for me and a lot more like Junior High and high school because I had some friends that You know, we hang out together. We like the same things and it's it was wonderful like we still you know, check in with each other every now and then but it's never passed the extent of what we're we have in common. So if it's like we played basketball together, you know, always kind of talk about basketball if we hang out or you know, or movies will like a see movie together, but it's never like a deeper conversation. Like, how are you doing or how is your family doing, you know? And it's always kind of like a just like a good old hangout time. You know, it's never like a lean on your shoulder kind of moment. Like I really struggling with life right now. Please help me. It's that's not really someone I would go to for those moments. And again, it's not just because they're bad. It's just I don't have that relationship with them built and I have a lot of friends in college that I've made from class like past classes that I haven't. I don't haven't seen in a while. And yeah, it was you know, we see each other on campus all the time. We just say, how's your semester going? How's your class going? Do you still like that old thing? I don't know what I'm trying to say like movie Ed something we talked for about five minutes and then it's like okay see I don't know when I'll see you again, but I'll see you when I see you. It's like that kind of goodbye and it's always like I just wish I could have said more we should get a hung out more but it's Always like you know, I don't know what how much more into that conversation I can go but but yeah, that's kind of how like the pleasure. And also like I don't party so I don't I can't really say I don't really have a relationship with that. But like I guess if we were to like how like you're you're going out friends, you know and like you just I guess I experienced my freshman year in college one literally one time and I realized I didn't like it but I don't ya like my this person I roomed with we met some friends and we had a really wonderful time. We're not seeing them. I went out and I feel We went just like dancing or something. And yeah, it was a really fun time that I just wanted more. I didn't there was almost no conversation. It was just you and we haven't had any time together as a group in public and then went home and I was like, okay, I feel like I needed more and that's why I was like, okay. Maybe this is for me. Yeah, that's what it meant to me, I guess. Um, I think well, okay. So like like you're saying freshman years like you're like, okay, whatever like trying new things right and I came into college with like a group of my guy friends and they all went into France. And so I was like, yes, like I have it ready like I'm gonna be like having the time of my life. It's a college right? So I went to a couple frat parties and like you were saying it was like you just wanted more like it's like I don't belong here. What am I doing here like but it's like I was scared to like lose. As my friend because I was like, I don't know like do if I just have like my going-out friends like this is like literally all I have at the current moment. And so but then I started getting more involved in CSA in realizing like I did this is not how I like to spend my time, you know, and so then I just like I actually never talked to those my friends that are in France anymore and it like sucks because we were really good friends. So I thought but it's like the commonality that we had was going out and now that I like don't I want to they like stopped inviting me. And now I'm like, we're just kind of live in like separately, you know, and like it sucks and I've tried like to make it into virtuous friendships like by inviting them to the to Retreats and stuff like that. But I mean, I just like don't want to and yeah, so I think for me it's very similar to yours. I feel because when I first got here Me and my roommate we were really good friends in high school and even like before that elementary and middle school and I thought it was going to be like we're just best friends for like ever and I thought that was like the definition of what a virtuous friendship was but I soon came to realize that it really wasn't it a lot of the times we hung out was only when we would go out and he had very different ideas of where we wanted to go in life. I was very much centered around. It is my job here on Earth to bring people to come in. Oh the mystery of Christ that was just like I came to that realization my senior year in high school. I want to do everything possible to allow people to introduce to introduce people to Christ and it seemed very evident that we just weren't on the same page. And the more the years went by the first two years of college. I soon came to realize that the Friendship not even just us intentionally separating but it just separated as we went along and I realized and like this sucks what I was trying to just saying we were best friends just because of the Nostalgia of it and I was like, oh no we're best friends since Elementary School, it's is way it is but it's just definitely wasn't I remember going home and talk to my mom and tell her hey. So and so and I have just like not talked about anything deep in a year and I don't know what to do and she really didn't even have an answer either. It was until summer when I went spiritual Direction and this preset there and told me it's okay to not be as close as you were with someone now. He's like some friendships aren't meant to last forever. Some friendships have expiration dates that Ali easy. All you can do is look respectively on those friendships and thank God for that moment that you were able to intercede in their life. And they were able to take a place in your life easy. It's not bad. All you have to do is just be able to recognize a virtue in the beauty. I came out of that and also the sorrow that helped you grow and I think that's for me. You know that was it a very much a pleasurable friendship that I didn't realize in the moment. It was until a couple months after that friendship sort of dissolved that I came to that realization. And of course I'm thankful for it and I prayed it for him every single day, but it doesn't change the fact that it was a pleasure friendship rather than a virtuous one. I think for me A lot of times pleasure friendships form around people that laugh at my jokes, you know, if you're easy to easy to make laughs man. I'm hanging around you a lot because Island made a lot of jokes If You Make Me Feel Good by laughing at my jokes. Hey, let's be friends Kylie. That's how we became friends. Kylie's mouth just dropped open keep the huge. I don't necessarily think that's true. You guys keep talking about like oh, yeah, my church friends are my virtues friends. I think I'm going to be the person to point out that not everybody that I know at church. I have a virtuous friendship with a lot of people. It's just like either utilitarian or pleasure friendship. And like I said, that's okay. It's not it's not the end of the world. I have a pleasure friendship or utilitarian friendship. You just got to know know what it is, you know. Yeah for pleasure friendships you guys touched on a lot of it. My mind is just breaking them on people that I know and stuff. I was just thinking about that the fact that a lot of times my friendships are do start out with people laughing at my jokes. And I think pleasure friendships are the things that can kind of grow to the virtues friendships those the ones that are really easy to get to like make that next step, you know, because like one of my best friends Ryan Ramirez, we knew each other because our parents knew each other and because we played baseball in elementary school together for like one or two seasons before I quit and then because I didn't like bait my baseball coach he was mean and then he goes he went to my middle school because he didn't go to my Elementary School, even though we lived in like the same place because mom doesn't know I'll mention school so he went there anyway, so we get to Middle School. And I'm hanging out with some of my friends from elementary school and he just happens to become friends with them to have let X and so we like, you know, we start getting to know each other better there and that's kind of becomes like a like a pleasure friendship or like a like a hey we're around each other a lot kind of friendship and I would see him in church and stuff and then through high school. We just became better and better friends, you know, the more we saw each other in our different classes because we would have a lot of classes the same. Same and then we saw each other church and you know by my senior year. I was just like yeah Ryan's my best friend and it was just kind of shocked me. I was like, I was like, I don't really know how we got here, you know, like we didn't like plan it out. Like Hey, we're going to be really virtuous friends. It was just we happen to be two guys that were around each other a lot and care about a lot of the same stuff. And he was funny and he also laughed at my jokes. And that's how that's how things happen. So, I think that's that's a consoling thing to think about is that pleasure friendships oftentimes at least for me happen when I'm around people that That I like that I like to be around and I'm usually attracted to people that have a lot of the same values for me. So it's not hard to make that next step to a virtuous friendship. If I so desire obviously, you can only have so many vectors friendships. So but yeah, I don't know. I don't know if I touched on everything I wanted to touch on but I'll probably bring it up. If I yeah, the last one I guess would be a virtuous friendship and what that means to us and I'll kick us off with that one and then we can go. To y'all, I would say The Virtuous friendship for me it it takes place in a lot of different places in my life. And a lot of from people have filled that role but I think one that I just can't negate the truth behind it being a virtuous friendship is I'm not just saying that because you guys are here with me right now, but it's you guys I think definitely what I had this idea of starting a podcast. Nothing would fall short of me wanting to be friends with those people initially before starting this because I think I started this podcast because Desired so deeply to jump into these deep conversations so freely and so openly with people that I love dearly and whole like a special place in my heart, you know, and so I think that's what like a virtuous friendship means is that I cared for all of you guys way before I even started the podcast and then once jumped in this podcast, you guys just show me even more and more each time. We talk why I fall in love with you guys is friendships every single day. And so I think that's different for virtuous French for me. Of course, there's plenty of other people if you get offended that invention you as a virtuous friendship. This is just the that I can to get the truth behind and I can see them definitely pushing me and calling me higher from a day-to-day basis no matter what I'm doing. And so I guess that's how purchase friendships play a role in my life. We can go to one site now, so I found this thing that John Paul the second said about Birches friendships and he said that the only way to human persons can avoid using each other is to relate in the pursuit of a common good and as Like that common good is really like striving towards heaven and and basically being Saints, right? And so I think oh man, I'm blinking. I don't know what I was gonna say something. Yeah, I think hang on we can go to somebody in the same way that nacho talked about, you know this podcast. I guess this helps me realize this I came in today and I was like, man Just this podcast. I always leave this podcast kind of wanting / needing to make like little tweaks and changes in my life to be better. And that's a really cool thing. And I think that's true for all virtuous friendships. You should leave or you should spending time with The Virtuous friend should leave you with a sense of wanting to change for the better. Better I think that's true with my friendship with my friend Ryan with my friend Luke. We always talk about things that you know, just oh hey what's going on in your life? Like, how can I pray for you? Especially because they both live in College Station. So a lot of times it's like one phone call a week or a month right now and its it's just like, hey, let's catch up really quick. But also a lot of times it's like, oh man, I just went through a rough week. I just want to get these things off my chest and they don't necessarily they're not like saying. Hey, you should do this and this and this sometimes they're just like man that stuff like you really gotta like take courage in this or think about it in this perspective and it really helps me change my perspective on things and helps me to be a better person and that happens with some of my non-catholic friends as well. I know some really good people and so a lot of If I if I talk to them for long enough, I will usually be encouraged to do good and hopefully the way that I interact with other people I encourage them to do good and sometimes my friends from school walk up to me and be like Thomas you make me feel guilty about doing bad things that I'm like good. I don't want you to do bad things because I care about you. So they're like, oh don't curse Thomas is here, and I'm like, I'm I mean, okay. I'm I'm not going to tell you that I'm okay with cursing and then I do curse some on occasion because you're it's probably making you better that you're not cursing right now that you're resisting. So so I think that's what virtues friendship is to me is it's the same tendency of like in the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person yeah I mean for me I whenever I got to college I literally called my mom I still telling us all the time but I like the month after I started well as probably a little later but like whenever I really found my place I guess I told my mom I called her knees I didn't know what have authentic virtuous friendship was until I came here because I was perfectly happy with like everything in high school. I had friends it was great. But these people like that you surround yourself with and virtuous friendship and it doesn't have to be just like in a Catholic Center or a neutral. It's like wherever you find your your person or your people. I just happened to find mine at our Catholic Student Center, but they they Really you pray for each other or youyou've strive to be better with each other. They're like people in my life are I remember like I have a day that I became best friends with my friend Heather and she's only one of my best friends. So if anyone's getting upset, so don't be obsessed. Don't worry, he's fine, but it was when we had a Bible study and one of the things we did each week was prayer partners. And so you just chose one person in the Bible study to go and like have lunch with or just get to know each other and First meeting was that her favorite coffee shop called cup and cake and it was like the start of something amazing. And after that I called and I was like Mom I didn't know this thing. Like I don't know friendships could get better than this, you know, and yeah, it's like someone you can break down your wall for like you put on an act all day. It was like a smile and like, okay, and that's cool. But then you just close the door and you're just like I need to vent about life help me out. And if you can't help it's fine. I just need someone to listen, it's fine. And but yeah, it's that's kind of how it's been playing a role in my life. Again, like the pleasure friendships utility friendships that I witnessed like right experience in junior high and high school like nachos said like we needed that like we I needed those people to get through high school like we held each other up for high school, but after that it's kind of our rules for each other were done. We're still I still pray for them but it's almost like we've we have our different paths and that's okay. Everyone has a path and We just you grow to be who you are and who you might be may not be with that person is and so yeah mansae. Yeah, okay. All right, but basically like like I think of Virtues friendship is really like pushing each other to be the like the best version that the other like, you know that other person like has this awesome potential and it's just like reminding them of it and like and allow yourself to be like that person. You're like friend wants to vent to and stuff like that and like but also helping them helping them out like throughout life because like you love them and you're not going to leave them. Astray. You're not going to give him like some random like encouragement or like something to do because you're not coming from a bad place. So yeah to I've got one more thing to say, it's just what Kylie said kind of made me go off on a tangent of like venting to people Is like I guess kind of a necessity necessity like don't do it over don't over do it because you know complaining is bad and it's not like healthy for you. But I think that's where you know, like spam Instagrams and like fences come from where people want a place to like talk about these things like man. I'm really struggling with this or man. I really want to complain. About this and they don't have a person or they don't feel comfortable with the person and so they make this thing so they can just say it to whoever follows and it's like hey, here's the thing that I'm thinking about and I'm just going to tell it to everybody and nobody and that's why I think those are silly. But so yeah, so I encourage you to go find a friend that you feel comfortable telling anything you put on a fin Style on. And I guess Thomas kind of touched upon it but I guess now to kind of close out or before it comes out in a sentence or phrase. I want you guys to basically give advice to someone that wants to move from a pleasurable friendship to a virtuous friendship in one sentence. I just want one sentence summarize everything and - entually is going to be don't be afraid to ask questions when someone asks when whenever you ask someone how they're doing don't be content with I'm doing well ask. Ask my why. virtue's friendship takes patience selflessness and a general desire for the good of others. So if you don't if you don't have those you're not going to be able to achieve a virtuous friendship, but if you have those everybody desires a virtuous friendship in their heart, it's kind of a necessity. I like a social necessity for people. So don't be afraid to try and make that next step with other people. It's not as big of a step as you think. Is even if you have your utility friendship where your pleasure friendship remember that each person is made in the likeness of God. So we're all initially hoping and praying that for their best interests and for their journey to witness and experience Christ. So yeah my is just don't be scared to be vulnerable and like be like just be giving of yourself to the other person in order to yeah more fruitful relationship. All right. Well, thank you guys so much for listening go out and find some virtuous friends to share in the joy of Jesus Christ and next week. We will be with a special guest and a surprise. So we'll leave you with that. Have a good week and God bless.