You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're dozing off during the megillah. You still fulfill the mitzvot and the camera The fuel had I'm a badass the following haake dummy mean. Um name what is mean? Um name look like how do we understand the state that we're talking about a matter of Oishi neem fellow named tear the low tier. It's being asleep, but not completely asleep being awake but not completely awake the couple a funny if somebody called you in that state you would be able to answer. They say your name you'd Rouse up and say yes, the low you had to learn how to do ice forever. But if somebody was asking you a question that you needed to think about. You wouldn't be conscious enough to give a thoughtful answer to any kind of question. Looking with our crew they meet car and if somebody reminded you of what transpired while you're in this state, you would remember but implying that it's not a state where you were conscious of what was happening enough to be able to to Really hold some kind of sustained coherent memory of the events. So it's asleep not asleep awake not awake. You'd be responsive of someone called your name, but you wouldn't be able to say anything coherent and You are in this state for maker. Megillah yatza you fulfill the mitzvot now. It's dear to my heart for one reason because I say Full Exposure here. I one year fulfill the mitzvot maker Magilla in this way when we were living outside of you. Shall I am we had a full day of Purim and that night came into usual. I am and and heard me gil a second time and This gemara became very dear to me when when it was applicable to my own circumstances and but it's also very dear to me because I feel like it's expressing a little bit the experience of Purim itself both the story of the megillah the the kind of context and and and underpinnings of Purim and also the actual experience of the day the whole story of the McGill is a story of people who are conscious but mostly not conscious. And not aware of the events that are transpiring. There's enough of these moments that are strung together that at some point make some kind of coherent events take place, but maybe only for a moment and then it's disappears. Once again the issue of being called by name which Esther it becomes very important piece and her story. Is she the queen is not the queen while the king hasn't called me. I'm in the palace, but nobody's paying attention to me. Conscious and unconscious there and not there. If you call my name I'll show up but I couldn't tell you exactly what's going on. And then also opening up into this whole realm of memory of there being a memory that we know is there but we couldn't tell you exactly fully what it is. But yet at the same time, it's still there. And for many people if they look back on the day of Purim when it's all said and done you can look back on the day and and there's some semblance to what this camera is describing and this leads into what I want to focus on here in our learning which is that Purim is touching On these kind of boundaries between asleep and awake between awareness and not awareness between light and Shadow in a sense, you know can expand this to the question is Purim. The holiday that celebrates the greatest revelation of God's presence in this world the most conscious and aware exposure of the creator of all or is it the day we're God is least revealed. We're God is most absent from everything in this world showing us that we can't find God anywhere that anything we know of the Divine is completely hidden from us and asleep. So Can end the truth is program, you can't say it's one or the other neem volonino's here for low tier sleeping out of sleep awake and not awake. So what's what's this about? This is something I want to I want to go into a little more deeply. This question of the nature of the quality of this holiday. I think is is Express is expressed itself throughout the Americas on throughout the story of the megillah itself want to start by looking at the government will adopt Tyler. For the source of why we read megillah a night and in the day, we all know we re Miguel twice, right? But why is it doesn't say the megillah to do this. I might need a well Ruby shubin Levi in the governor has an answer. He says hi Eva Dominique automobile Ebola with each note. A biome person is obligated to read megillah at night and to this note a bio literally means to repeat it the day but also I can't avoid seeing the that word Lionel Tha sleeping the next day. Chanel Mars, it says ntlm cuff battle. Cry a cry you Mom the low time there for Lila volodya me Ali. Why do we need Marine megillah a night and a day because it says until him God. I called to you in the day and you don't answer me and at night. I'm still calling the low do me Ali and I have no silence. I can't stop screaming to you because you don't respond. Your shubin lady saying that's the source for two times of reading megillah because W Milkha Singh. I called to you all day without an answer and I screamed to all night, and you wouldn't show yourself. You don't answer my prayers and day or night and therefore we have to read the megillah in night and day. Wait. Wait a minute. Is that what the McGill is about? I thought the McGill is about God answering the prayers. I thought the McGill is about us being in such a state of despair that God then comes in and and sweeps everything together and and redeems Us in the most powerful way, but Ruby shoe believe you say. No there is the unanswered prayer of the scream of day and night. That's what the megillah. He's somehow expressing and it's not for nothing that he chooses to him cuff bet to bring this Pursuit from TM. 22. Nama Saya is motivated by yellow to shock her. It's the song of the morning because L the don't the gazelle of the Dawn that cause I'll says not only is representative of a sort of breaking slowly emerging Redemptive process that that exists in this world. But but more poignantly they say this is the prayer of Esther herself. This is the prayer that Esther said, She walked sticking a fish fears as to herself as compared to the morning because L to that Dawn that that early morning breaking slowly emerging Redemptive process. So this pasta comes from that they own and and let's just note that for now. The megillah somehow is expressive of this good the cry the prayer that doesn't get answered day or night. Want to add to this another piece of the puzzle. We all.we many of us know the game Are Holy and asks estimate or Ami 9 from where do we know of Esther? Where do we see give us a hint of Esther from the Torah as it says environmentally posterior. Osteopenia become who God says, I will hide and hide my face. I will wi my face. I will completely I my face from you on that day this Doomsday Prophecy that comes up towards the end of the Hamish we're God is saying there's going to be time when my people leave me when They're going after foreign Gods when they say all these terrible things are coming upon us because God is surely not with us anymore. And God says I'm going to become make myself completely hidden from them because also this is Esther Hast airrosti arrester. It is that reality were God is completely absent from the picture where God is completely hidden from sight. So so far we seeing this kind of backstory this framing of Purim and the megillah is being a time when God doesn't answer our prayers and what God is completely invisible to us. And yet we also know that Purim has this eternal lasting power. I want to read from me from the the round. Mommy brings us a lot of love and the mission of Torah the end of Hillclimb Magilla. This is based on a goomar. You shall be another statements of kazami says all the books of the prophets and all of the Qaddafi a TDM lie, but Telly mate maschiach in the times maschiach all see from the video game. All the books of knock will no longer be relevant. They will be null and void. Hoots me megillah tests are except for me you let Esther. The Hawaii Kai Amicus submission computer of a Calico chargeable passion in obtaining the whole on the only things that will last for all eternity our megillah Tester the five books of whom Ash and the other hotels versions out there that remain for all time. But all of the prophecies all of the writings, they're going to be irrelevant. They're gonna stop being a cannon we don't have those books anymore in the days of Michelle, but we do have megillah tester this crazy story that is you know, the unanswered prayer. Embarrassing that's God's hiddenness that we know doesn't have any names of God in it. I mean to look at question even do you need to put the safer and Denisa doesn't have God's name. There's a big discussion that the motor is this a book that should be canonized. Is there anything holy about this book? And despite all of that. This is the book that's going to remain and surpass all of the other books of Prophecy and Cuvee. There are mum goes on the awful piece. You cozy for not sawada Vitaly, even though the memory of all of our pain and suffering will likewise dissipate as it says new show you how can these culottes ago traditional he needs to Ruben. I God says through the mouth of the Prophet all of those earlier pains. They're going to be forgotten. I'm gonna not they're not going to be before my eyes anymore as if to say, there's going to be some kind of great Redemptive comfort that will render all of our suffering. Just irrelevant anywhere you won't exist anymore, which reasonable to think that the realm of putting this together because a lot of the Naveen the ketuvim the VM are a lot of them are speaking about the Exiles and the sufferings of our people throughout history. All that stuff's going to be gone the Moto mushiya even so you may have pulled him Lolly bats flew the days of Purim will never Become nullified they will never dissipation Mr. It says the end of the megillah VA a Puli met the lawyer of Rumi Tokyo Dean. This is a poem shall not pass from within from among the Jews busy cramming yossef mizoram the memory of these days. We'll never be exhausted from the descendants of the Jews. And if you look at this rambam the face value you might think okay. So there and Mom says there's the the books will be nullified megillah restaurants. The memory of pain will be gone but the day Of Purim will never be gone and you might think days of Purim. Okay that the celebration of from the Redemption of perm right? Well If we look a little more closely the robin himself, he's not talking about redemptions. That won't be forgotten. He's talking about pains. That will be forgotten. And that won't be forgotten even though the memory of all the suffering will be gone the days of Purim will never be gone. And I believe what the realm of saying here is that not only the Redemption of Purim will never be gone. But the suffering the memory of the suffering of perm will never be gone and this comes from the megillah itself in that very same chapter that the Ramos quoting from It says Ezra mom says here the days of pearl will never be forgotten then it talks about how Esther writes down and and Mordecai they write down this letter. They send out books and Scrolls to all of the Jews and all of the countries of actresses Kingdom the Kiama timea poem is lady's money him. They send out letters and Scrolls to tell people to keep and observe these days of Quorum in their appointed times cashier, Kiama lady mortdecai You Dear Esther, makka, pakka just as more Like an ester establish these days because your chemo enough shovels are Rob and as they established for themselves and for the descendants of all generations devrait had some motive is AA khatam the matters of fasting and their screams. You would expect the possible to end before those words. You would say expect a positive to say no know what they established that for all time. They were be a holiday days of michdan simcha and ianto and gifts and all that. But the McGill explicitly says know what they established for all time is these days of Purim and including the free hatsumomo to Asaka Tom their fasting and their screams and the rambam himself in her coat on it when he speaks about the fast of of 13th of other of tiny gesture. He says that we fast on this day as a commemoration of the fasts that they fasted in the days of human as it says Deaver had somewhat bizarre khatam what was meant to be preserved for all generations is the experience the matters of their fasting and their cries institution. Not just their celebration so here when the Rama map says it's going to last for all time perms going to last for all time. It's bit of a darker or more nuanced image that he's saying it's not just that we're going to be have a drunken party forever. There's going to be a kind of suffering and screaming that we will also be holding on to that. We will also be remembering And what is that about? And how does that even work with this kind of image of hematoma shiok? as if to say that not only even when Redemption comes we will still remember that pain, but somehow it's part of the the anticipated Redemption itself. You know, it would be one thing to say what are redeemed world. Looks like what a gulla looks like is a time when all of the darkness of my life all of the pain in my life will be rendered irrelevant. It will be erased from the file so to speak. But this makes you wonder you know, maybe part of what this is saying is. Your tears won't be invalidated. Michelle's not going to come along and say all of that pain you went through was unnecessarily irrelevant. Somehow the suffering that we go through that emerges or that's expressed through the the story of Purim and that that is perhaps the suffering that from the time of Purim until you multi. Mushiya we continue to experience whether it's collectively globally individually. There's something in the Redemption that's going to be able to also hold our pain. That's going to validate those tears. And I want to understand a little more deeply what what this is what this is about. You know as as we mentioned here, we're looking at the part of the megillah that's going to be the Eternal story. And and we know that there's another very famous statement of clothes all that relates to the kind of lasting power of megillah tester. And that's in gemara Shabbos the fake had a mood Olive was describing mountains or the giving of the Torah. It says important RV yotsuba tahar that the people stood at the Bottom of the mountain and because also is that doesn't mean they're just standing at the foot of the mountain. I'm going to have of DME Barack Obama Bahasa Melayu. Magic a package proclaimed hockey gear. This is teaching that God held the mountain over their heads like a barrel Tata hard doesn't mean the full amount of is there literally underneath the bottom of the mountain and God says them if you accept Torah motive great the mob Champs take for example. If not, you're going to be buried right there. About Rebecca by Yoko kanno terrible orator he comes along and he says hey we have an ultimate. Excuse for Torah. This is the out for every bit of Torah. How can we ever be held accountable for not keeping Torah. If this is the way we were forced to accept it. You hold a mountain overheads and says except Torah or die. Of course, we accepted Torah, but you can now hold us accountable weld our Ebola writer. I'm Arava for Peak and even though True that at Mount Sinai we were coerced into receiving total. We were not liable and accountable for for a total from outside. I awful Pekin had turkey Blobby mahashivratri later on the received it they accepted it fully in the days of a hundred arrows the active key movie Keeble Eugene as it says again here in chapter 9 and the megillah that the Jews Kimu Vicki blue they established. They made real and they accepted key Mumma shikibu far. They made real what they had previously merely accepted upon themselves. Meaning that I'm outside of the accepted it they said, okay, we'll take it if you're going to kill us. We'll take it. But in the times of a curved arrows theorem a khayyam that acceptance that acceptance became solidified became something real and Lasting. So it's not only that the megillah that program has a unique status in terms of what it's going to mean for the future. The megillah itself is somehow that which makes all of Torah real. And it seems to go together with that theme and of course, I'll every other book it's not going to last this book this story. This holiday is going to last because this is integral to Torah itself that there is no receiving of Torah without Purim all the harm here agree that Matt Santoro wasn't a valid acceptance. That was only partial and it's only at the time sivajvara said it becomes real. But how could they even be saying this about a story where God doesn't appear about a story that has seemingly no religious overtones to it kind of wild crazy series of events that we almost got killed and then in the end didn't get killed, what would it have to do with receiving total with two are becoming real for us with Torah being established for all time. It's really bizarre thing. So to try to unpack this a little bit and see what this what this larger picture is. I want to look a little first at them soaking that casals actually quoting from here and then and then go a little deeper into the megillah because I think that it's it's possible to cuz I'll actually saw something in the story of the megillah itself. That points to a kind of receiving of Torah the point still kind of making to a real in a way that I had never been built before so to begin. Let's just look where what cuz I was quoting chemo my Shakib look far right? Where did they where did they accept and establish? So that's here in Esther chapter 9 It will start with verse 26. This is as you know, the whole chapter here. It's talking about writing the letters and a subject the holiday. So we'll start with verse 23 Qibla you them at the show you okay? So after the shortcut of Mordecai lame the Jews they accepted what they began doing and what Mordecai roads to them. Now, it gives the two version the two-sentence version of the story. What is it exactly that they were commemorating that they were celebrating here chioma and Ben I'm Dottie Huggy this guy Hammond so rare calling you Dean the hater of all the Jews husha valued. Dumb he thought to do away with them vpl poor huelga real he drew Lots. This was the lottery The Who mom loved? Um, who mom it'sa powerful World means word means insensitive to confound them. Hula up demand to do away with them. Who before I leave me, I'm Ella a marimar safer. Yeshua martial arts O'Hara chavala you tomorrow show with a lot of Epi novel. It's this is a bizarre bizarre kind of shift of language Hamid did this thing to do with the Jews who bivolaru and in her approach before the king? Who is the her that's being spoken about here. Now, if you were just to stay all them a farce from here to there likely they're likewise confused here because I would think it's talking about something. The Chorale something about the decree that humming made that came before the king but no some of the virus even and I think if we just think about the story, who is the she who came before the king. That was a turning point. It was a stair Vivo a leaf and a harmonica when she without naming her here comes before the king. I'm re my safer. Yeshua Messiah the king said let's let's make a decree and all of almonds plans themselves. It ended up working against him and falling upon his own head and he and his children were hanging on the tree. This is the two sentence story of what this holiday was established for. I'll Ken Carly. I made my a Lepore in the next verse is even more bizarre. Therefore. These days are called purium al-sham up or the day the holiday it's called program because of the poor because of those lots that Hammond made to kill the Jews. I'm sorry, but this is one of the most shocking things imaginable holiday called after the plot to kill and annihilate the entire nation. It's as if to say this is not nice, but it's almost Purim is if to say we have a holiday called Holocaust. That's the name of this holiday. The holiday of Purim is called Holocaust. It's named after Hammonds attempt to annihilate an entire nation every single Jew in the Kingdom. Oh, but it didn't happen. But we don't call it salvation Day. We call it pouring we call it that day where our lives were completely hanging in the balance. Keep reading. Okay now called the very garrity's old Maraca my Gilliam all of the things that they experienced and saw and what happened to them. He movie Key Blue ujima labels are on here's our here's our first the the Jews accepted and received upon themselves and upon their Generations Val: ill Himalayan below avoided. Oh c Mon Ami medic Divine Cosmic ocean ocean, ah to never to always uphold these days as they are written and They happen in every single year. And this is then with the next sukham Gone talk about what we saw before the letters being sent to all the parts of the kingdom and and the debris had so much as I got on that includes the screens and the crying and the fasting. So Hassan saying chemo Vicky blue what they received and accepted for all time. This kind of making real of Torah. It's some has to do with this crazy turn of events. He wanted to kill them. She came before The King and that turned everything around and want to look a little more deeply into that story Esther's actual approach to the king because I think that if we look there we can see a little more why cause I was identifying a kind of Monsanto right here and in order to see this Need to think back a little bit to our story of Mount Sinai to partially intro and to the steps that led up to Mount Sinai and then to look at the steps that led up to Esther coming before the king. I'll start with the following remember what happened back at Mountain Torah before before the actual giving of the Torah, right? There are few days of preparation. There were three days of preparation slow shit. You may have hug Bella. It's called the three days of separation where God calls mush of the mountain and says Go to the nation Vicki - to make a mockery of Suzy Melton go down and tell them get ready for the next few days wash your clothing to a unicorn Emilio. Actually, she get ready for the three-day kibayashi Juri - Elaina: Marcin eye on the third day. God is going to descend upon the mountain before your eyes and you have to make a boundary around the mountain remember don't come off the mountain Hisham you like him a lot the Harpoon ago, who because he who don't touch the edge of this mountain called a no Gibby. Would you mind if you touch this mountain you will die and much goes down and he tells them basically these instructions get ready wash your clothing. He says be prepared for the third day. He says one other stage of preparation. I'll Teach You Alicia let the the men and the women the spouse is not not be together during during these three days of separation. And that all leads up to Hawaii biometrically sheet on that third day biota book here in the morning when you called to Rakim. There's there's resounding sounds and loud voices and thunder at the top of the mountain and from there are seeing eye and then Matt Santoro and this is actually the very next bus we play you'll say Moshe to only cross daily minimum covid yotsuba Tatar. They're they're standing at the bottom of the mountain member because I'll says this is where the mountain is being held over their heads. So I want to ask you something that preparation for Montara three days. Clean your clothes. Don't touch something if you touch it you're going to die. Does that remind us of anything that's happening here and you Esther? It sure sounds a lot like what was taking place in the days leading up to Esther approaching because ver ocean and I'll go back even further. What's happening before Mount Sinai is that God is telling motion motion you go tell the people such and such and such most of those down and tells them then Moshe comes back and delivers their message to God and God says again, okay Moshe tell the people such as such emotions as well. The people told me this basically this communication is taking place through a messenger. And now what I want to begin to look at Macalester with You chapter 4 and me good Esther or Mordecai knows about the decree. You knows everything that's happened. And he changes his clothes. He's very ill barsac favor. He's wearing sackcloth and Ashes but he's odds I can do Lamar Valley goes to the middle of the city and he's screaming the very loud scream. He comes up to the gate of the king and everywhere throughout the palace. The Jews are fasting and crying and eulogizing. They're all wearing socks a for they're all wearing sackcloth and close the morning and here as Mordecai comes to Esther if you remember there's actually no direct communication between there's a messenger between there's hotteok raster's maidens first come and tell them what's going on. She sends hotteok and have tacos to Mordecai say what's going on here are some clothes Esther. I want you to change into clean clothes to change into appropriate clothes remember before her Seany. They were told of the heaps of seem Lata didn't have a change of clothes, but it's to clean your clothes here Mordecai's wearing this close and morning exercise put on something different and mortify low-key. Billy says no no. No, I'm not changing my clothes. I'm not taking off my sack cloth. I'm not doing that appropriate kind of preparation. That's meant to be the way that somebody stands at the palace of the king not this time and the messenger how that goes back and forth between Esther more faster Mordecai to the whole story and I'm going to read read it so much inside but just to lift up some of the similar themes we saw. Mordecai says tester. You have to go to the king to beg to beg on your people's behalf. Remember our says wait a minute. You can't just go into the king. Everybody knows if you come to the king without being called you're going to die. And I haven't been called for 30 days. There are two remember back at Mount Sinai don't come so the mountain only the one who's called up the mountain Moshe is the one who led anyone else is going to come and touch the mountain is going to die. Remember that word Allah. God will see it very soon come up here. You cannot touch the mountain if you haven't been called up Esther to you can't go into the king. If you haven't been called you're going to die now at our scene I you're going to die. Because God's presence the Holiness there is so overwhelming and overpowering. It's going to obliterate you. Here in shushan Jabara. Why would you die if you go to the king it's not because God's presence is overwhelming you're going to die because there is no God there to protect you because the king is the one who's in charge here and it's the Kings rule that determines things and and similarly just like all of b'nai Israel at Mount Sinai were experiencing themselves under the threat of annihilation whether it's buy midrash resolved at the mountains held over their heads except Torah or you'll die or what they say themselves when they hear God's We can't hear God in this intensity. We're going to die. Oh Marvin a moot. So to ensure on the bureau, you can't go to the king without being called and the entire people are about to die there staring their National death in the face because of this decree because of the overwhelming absence of God. It's the inverse of Mount Sinai in one place God's presence is so powerful. It's going to annihilate the other place God's absence is so powerful. You're going to be annihilated and in both cases. We have clothes. Coming into coming into place and we have this issue of approaching approaching the king Esther finally decides to go remember what she says fast for three days get ready for three days. If IEEE biome actually see I'm reading in the megillah, but it's the same exact words amount R bayi biome Ashley. She had happened on the third day and we'll look what happens on the third day about healed bashed her motherhood. She dresses up in special clothing. She's wearing this time Royal garments and she walks into the courtyard of the inner chamber of the king and as she approaches remember she stands at the doorway in the king sees her and he holds out. His Royal scepter that across there. She draws close to the Tiga Brosius covid and she touches the edge of that scepter. Remember what exam most exactly what Ganesha was told not to do them outside and do not touch same word Tiga do not low Tiga bow do not know ago a because say you don't touch its Edge do not touch the mountain you're going to die here Esther faces the threat of approaching the king the threat of death and when the king holds out his scepter she goes and she touches the edge of the center. And one other piece here which which is fleshed out more in casaba. Remember the other instructions Moshe gave don't come don't be together men and women for the couple's not to sleep together because all is is reading into this story is that Esther is not just going to make a request of the king but she's going to sleep with the King because remember what the whole back story here is the King has his Harem he calls in all the women they sleep with him for a night in here. The max of the Harem for the rest of their lifetime when Esther says I have been called for 30 days what she's saying is yes. I'm the Queen the king chose me as the queen but you know what? He hasn't called me into his into his chamber for a whole month. I've been living in this separate house. Am I in the Harem of mine might be I have my own Palace, who knows but but when she goes to the king because I'll cease very clearly that she sang. I'm going to know approached him and it's the opposite of loti. Gotcha. Alicia it's saying the woman is coming to the man to the king and here I want to open up the lens a little a little bit through casals expansion of what's Happening Here. This is good morrow. Megillah tough tough, 10 15 A and B explain to us how they see what's going on here sisters approaching a hush-hush lick knows that color you deem. She says go bring it all of the who team and then she says I'm going to approach the king a Sherlock had that I'm going to approach the king in a Appropriately against the law. I'm going to be Abba shalaka. D'Italia Rubio says against the law doesn't just mean against the Kings rule actually means I'm going to go against the dot. It's an anti-religious move. I'm making I'm going to violate to turn your transgress the Torah itself should Pocoyo mad - because I still says every single day every single time. I was with the king who is bonus. I was coerced. I was not choosing to sleep with him. I was forced into it. - of brats on this time Master says I am choosing to approach him. It is my choice. Now. I'm willing this into being if a share of Oddity of Vitality and the loss. I'm going to experience their cash MSHA Valentina paid Ibaka covid says just like I was lost from my parents house when they died, right? I was orphaned so to Esther is saying to mortify I'm going to be lost to you. You from here on in and here the camera is basically explaining that the rabbi's rabbi say that Mordecai and Esther were married to one another. And as long as they were married when Esther is being forced to sleep with another man to sleep with a lot of arrows against her will so the marriage of Mordecai and Esther is held intact, but here she's saying in order for me to do what's necessary in this moment. I'm going to have to choose to go to approach him myself for my own initiative and that will completely compromised and violate the terms of our relationship of her marriage to Mordecai just as I was lost from my parents. She says I will be lost from you. I will no longer be your wife Mordecai. That's what's at stake here. keshav, Aditi Authority until now it was forced and now I am choosing it It was forced and now I'm choosing him. Do you remember what the rabbi said about Montara? Robbie said the mother and daughter was forced upon us. That the reason her C9 is not valid is because we didn't choose it because God threatened us with Annihilation and said either you accept this or you die and Esther seems to be going through some kind of extremely different but also similar transition here between I have been forced into the situation until now this terrible unspeakably horrible situation. but now I have to choose to enter into it to engage it on my own terms for my own purposes. Let's keep reading because I'll get to the third day of IE by all mushy. It happened on the third day God he'll bash system. Of course, she wears royalty big demo. Who me Bailey. It should say she wears clothing of royalty. I'm Gonna Be lezama Be honey. I'm Elementary left shiruko - no - Ramona who's wearing? Malkuth doesn't just mean she's wearing fancy clothing. In fact has nothing to do with her clothing. It means that she's dressed in real hakodesh. She's Dawning divine inspiration. She knows that despite this being located at despite this being the most crazy kind of act that she has to engage in she's walking with ruach hakodesh. It's clear to her. She has divine inspiration that God is with her bright in a story again were God does not appear come out from the from the heavens in a cloud and speak from the top of the mountain here Esther dresses. Herself, he in this knowing this deep sense and intuition and certainty. This is the Divine truth of this moment. This is what has to happen. God is with me and as she approaches the king bottom Advocates are be WWE made. She's walking. She's standing in the inner chamber of the inner Courtyard of the king am honorably V cave on Gigi elevated slamming. Misaka Hamish Lena believe. He says as oysters walking towards the king. She first dresses herself. In the certainty and is knowing that God is with her but as she's approaching she gets to a place called bait hot salami and the house of idols. The house of salami name of Shadows of Illusions she enters into the Chamber of Illusions. Where in a sense This this image that comes to mind here is she comes with such certainty of first and she walks into this Corridor and he or she realizes there's nothing here that that shows itself to be true that certainty. I had that image that knowing of God with me. It's just abandoned me. Look what it says. Nice tuck all Jimenez Trina the shrine of that was with her evaporates. He completely leaves her. I'm Rishi screams out a lie, a lie, llamas of tiny God God. Why have you abandoned me? Why have you abandoned me this too is something he'll him cuff bet what we said is that the hilum that has all says is all about Esther's experience. If you read at the hilum, you should read it from now to perm read it on Purim. You can see how many hints there are two the story of poor invalid Russia. He appeal Go real it says but to come back God why have you abandoned me? Esther first comes with a full sense of God being with her and as she approaches the King, this is where she experiences God completely abandoned her and she cries out. Why did you leave me? Now this would be the moment. We're the most reasonable thing to do. Would be to turn around and run away. Would be to say okay. It's clear to me now. God isn't with me. But this is the moment where Esther decides to then take the next step. We're Esther walks to the king my mush all by herself. Look at what look at what cuz I'll says here llamas of tiny schemata Donald shogi composite of yellowness carrots on. Why did you leave me God? Are you judging mistaken actions as intentional actions? Do you consider a forced situation onus to be the same as rats own as a complete choice. Now, this is already throwing the whole equation into question because just above Esther had said wait a minute. I had been forced until now to be with the King but now it's Bharat. So now I'm choosing and now when God leaves her she says, wait a minute you think I'm choosing this gun. You're considering my Force. situation to really be a choice Rashi here says basically something to the effect of even though I'm choosing to go. I am still forced into this. Yes. Esther is choosing quote-unquote, but but issue really choosing Can she can she really not because you really be choosing this without being forced know she's being forced because how else is she going to be an instrument of change your how else is there going to be any glimmer of Salvation to come? There's no other clear option here for her. And what she encounters here is? First the sense of clarity that yes God is with me and then she confronts this reality work God and I'll Mash abandons her. And it's here. We're in a sense and only hosty roster upon Abraham who God says inviting. I'm going to hide and hide my face when we completely gone to you, you know in those who keep God actually says that as of Team he started keeping time. I'm going to abandon them the same word here and I'm going to hide my face from them Esther had to experience the complete abandonment of God. For her to make an action that was really her off. This is what happened on the third day. with the change of clothes There's no voice from God coming from the top of a mountain. The people they're not going to change their clothes. They're actually sitting there and mourning and wailing. Where is there a voice coming? There's a voice from the people screaming and crying in the streets. There's the voice of Mordecai crying to God crying in anguish over the decree. There's the voice of Esther screaming. How dare you abandon me, but yet you have abandoned me the voice of God is absent. That's the difference between our scene. I and Esther The only voice heard here are the cries and the screams of the people the people who are the ones who are making something happen the people who are the ones who are risking everything to to cling to life At Mount Sinai we were not given a chance to express our Ransom. We were not given a chance to really Embrace Life on our own. We were forced into it. We were overwhelmed by God. We were threatened by God and here got threatens us, but then God completely leaves us. and it's here that Esther in a sense becomes The Giver of the total becomes the receiver of the turkey movie Qibla you D mu B VAR V Nei it happened when she approached the king when she approached the king God was not there God had to not be there for Esther to step onto the stage And become the person who she became and touch into her own eternity, you know, we have a megillah' tester. We tell her story because of that moment. We tell her story because of what she was willing to do. To bring Salvation without the help of God. Now at the very same time can we really say God wasn't with her? I mean on some level. Is there any moment in the beginner where God is is not more with her than in that moment isn't God completely with her in that moment. Yes. God is completely with her in that moment. But God is only with her in the way of I don't have stairs to your padai. God is with her by not being there by not being visible to her by leaving her abandoned to choose for herself to the best of her capabilities aware and not aware asleep and not asleep awake and not awake but screaming and crying. And stretching herself out risking everything for the sake of her own life and the life of her people. This is when Watson tour took place. This is when Torah became real for us. When in the total absence of God, we were able to experience the fullness of our own being in this world and it included crying and screaming and weary megillah in the day in the night because really the Salvation happened because God didn't answer our If God had answered our prayers Esther would have never walked into the king's Palace if God had taken care of us. In the explicit outward way that God did for us in Egypt. We wouldn't really be able to fully embrace the freedom and the depth and the truth of a living connection with God and a living connection with our lives in this world because we would still be in a sense overwhelmed by God's presence. But with what God completely withdrawing from the picture it leaves total or a close to Total Space for us to step into our place here and that's where we can receive Torah. We can say you know what my life has something to it that is ultimately meaningful that has a potential to touch something of ultimate Eternal lasting key Hume of existence here my life not in the story and the narratives and the Mythos of the Torah of all the books of the Nivea my everything that I've been told and I can believe in a kind of I don't I don't mean this. Early, but I kind of Fantastical reality that we place upon herself every holiday except for Purim has some kind of miraculous narrative to it programmes narrative is a story of people. Doing terrible and doing very human things. It's drunkenness. It's jealousy its power rage shame crying screaming fasting despair hopelessness courage celebration. drunkenness War It's a messy story. But you know what more so than any other story. This story actually looks like the world that you and I live in doesn't it who world of greedy Lusty sometimes courageous. Sometimes very honest people. who sometimes creates terrible consequences and sometimes create ultimately Redemptive consequences and it's a story that exists in these shadows and then never really emerges from the Shadows you know the end of the story nothing really happens Esther still in the palace okay now mortifies also in the palace says most of his brothers like him it's a story that begins in a political reality and ends in a political reality It doesn't end with a happy ending. It ends with a ending at that just looks like Life as we know it, doesn't it? And so it becomes very powerful to me because I'll says this is the story that's going to lastly multi. Mushiya. And when because I was this is a story that carries your screens in your cries that are going to be part of the Redemption the amount of mushiya. Our experience in this world that's absent of God in any revealed way. This world were God is a lie a lie Rama's of Tunney. Where we don't walk around bumping into the Divine everywhere. We don't feel the overwhelming presence. We have to somehow like Esther embody a life of truth and meaning and Divine Purpose only. in our own selves There is no one else who can do it for us and there is no one there to force us into it. But we are forced to do is to make a choice we were forced to do is to reach into the bowels of our own experience and really confront what it is that we're that we're encountering and say you know what this is. What is right now am I going to do something about this? Is this going to be something real or am I going to say, you know? To hell with it. It's all meaningless. Anyway, it's all lost cause. Esther was willing to say what I know more deeply than the truth of the Torah then what's right and wrong or In This Moment is that there's a truth of what I need to do that goes against everything I've known until now everything that is supposed to be because you know, what what is right now is not what it's supposed to be. It's merely a reality and by confronting reality in the most honest way. Esther stepped into the role of Redeemer now, this is In the understanding because I'll this is God in the megillah. I know he has terrorized Europe and I I know he the first word of the Torah of Hashem Luca. How is that? Oh he gonna be here by a steer steer pan. Aye. Where how are you going to relate to God? It's not going to be the way it had been in the past. It's going to be in your experience of that absence in your experience of that Abyss where God is Not. Esther is the hidden face of God. That's her name. You keep Faerie. It's brought that that the named Esther is the kamacho of the name Olivette Ladue nude when you spell out all the letters, but if you spell out all her father Fleming pay spell a Dali Dali Lama table new nude, you get to the same numerical value of the name Esther. So that's just that you another hint and other deep and Powerful Ramos to this reality that it's not that God has absence. in an objectively But the way in which God is present in our reality is by being Invisible by being absent and the way that God is encountered in our lives and the amount of mushiya that's going to be the full understanding and Clarity of this depth of relationship is that God is here by not being here in a revealed way. by giving us ourselves to discover What's real? What's Eternal? What's ultimately meaningful and deserving of Q in this world? I want to close with one other piece of Kamara from kamiyama which which in a sense touches on this same Dynamic and becomes thing very relevant to again the change of times in history that took place from the times of megillah tester and that continues to till today says look tomorrow you Oma 69b We're talking about the on chicness that I could all the men of the greatest. Somebody say. Why were they called on chicken acidic? Go Le Chien zero after alyoshina because they restored the crown to its original place. What does that mean? Well, Marcia Rubino came along and safer too far. And you had no she says God is how kill God though. He were honora God is the powerful the Great and Powerful and terrifying one emotion goes on there and he's explaining look at just look. Look at what God did for you. We got took you out of Egypt. We see from the Miracles and the wonders of the Exodus how powerful Mighty and terrifying goddess after your me. Yahoo. Your meow Jeremiah comes the times your me who saw the destruction of the temple at marno equipment Makar Kariba. Hello. There are there are Invaders other nations who are dancing in God's palace is a note of where is God's terrifying presence now law, Mr. Norrell your my Yahoo! He has a puzzle where he About God has been guzzling deeper but not go racing know that terrifying quality. It's not here in this world anymore. Just look at what's happening outside Daniel. Daniel came along and said no Ruby stopping before Nathaniel who was basically contemporary of Mordecai and Esther. He says other nations are are turning your children to Slaves IE egg frittata. Where is that might that you spoke of once long ago? So Margie poor Tonia when he describes God, he leaves out the word Hebrew. He says, there's no light of God anymore. That God who was is no longer both here. We all went in the other saying I ought to eat who say they come along the edge a second ago that I'm a drama. They say no on the contrary Zoe Gavotte, Colorado. He might beneath Gods fight the ultimate glory of God should covid shit eaters North America primary Shine. The ultimate might have got is not by wiping out. The enemies of is the ultimate might of God is seen by the fact that God is covid shit, sir. Is overcoming God's Own impulse to to fight and Destroy and Note and Erica Pioneer shined the power of withdrawal the power of withholding to allow wickedness to exist in this world. Despite the Divine truth and divine might that is God's true or might the a low hand over that very same thing that you're seeing people dancing in the in the temple. That is God's God's God's know who that is the terrifying power of God. She only a mirage but because we look at the what the reality before our eyes and we stay where we are astounded how is it possible that this nation is still able to survive even when their palace is is completely run over and people dancing in it when there are slaves to other nations when they're hated and destroyed and oppressed. How is it possible that they're even alive anymore? This is a wild kind of statement here. Where your me out. Leo we're basically looking at what's before them saying you know God that Mighty and terrifying God is no longer and that she's innocent ago I'm saying no the very same thing you're looking at is even more astounding because if we just look at our situation as it is right now yes it's not what we may have been instructed or based on previous experience expected for things to be this isn't how it's supposed to be this isn't what's supposed to be in God's world but look at what is how is this even possible that itself Is it even more astounding? power that we're confronting Come on goes on a bun and Haley of you hockey. How is it that your meowing? Daniel could have come along if you equate the concept to cut to talking Moshe. How could they have come on and say well, mr. Bator you had this way of dressing. God. God will give board Nora but we say no more. How could they come along and go against mushrooms words, that would be Eleazar says we talk to you only because Boucher meet you the vehicle keys bubo. And this really brings it all home. How is it that you're beyond with Danielle said what they said that there's no more strength. There's no more my tears. No more terrifying presence. They could say what they said because they knew that God is a true God. This is a god of Truth and therefore they'll kiss boo, but we're not going to speak lies about God in a sense. They're dolphining to God and they can't bring themselves to say God will give or vanilla because of what they see in front of their very eyes. And the reason that is valid is because they were being utterly honest with the god of Truth in the god of honesty. Say we know that God doesn't want our lies. We know that God wants our authentic truth. And if this is the authentic truth that we're witnessing right now, this is what God wants of us and this is appropriate which then also means that the object and doesn't have the dollar when they come along and they see no the guy Laura and the Dora Boots the power of the mighty terrifying nature the tram tremble before God in our day and age. They're also being honest. They're not whitewashing anything. They're saying we look at our world and we are utterly honest about it, too. We're not saying that God is that same revealed might and power that we saw in The Exodus. We know that our experience is different just look around us. But how do I look at my world with really open eyes and see it as God's world that still exists here with God. That's another kind of terrifying witnessing. That's another kind of power and Doula that I'm experiencing and then Marsha says this is just so beautiful. He says when the on shaking is attacking tulasidas on what basis did they make this statement to reinstate God's God, they'll keyboard for Nora. Well, it was at the end of the 70 years of the Babylonian exile when they saw that the Jewish people have been saved by all of these sufferings. Keep going massaman schnitzel already Mordecai just like the story of Haman who is saved through the actions of murder. He Shia McLaughlin has a big table who himself was part of this group part of the men of the great assembly what we're seeing here is that Purim is the time. Where we learned we are beginning to learn and we're still beginning to learn that our entire way of of witnessing God in this world has to be different than it had been before that what God is teaching us from Purim until now and throughout all time. And and what will maybe this thing of being the amount of machine because I will ultimately come to a deep and and Global understanding of Is that this is how God is now. In the absence in the experienced absence or the apparent absence in the way in which we have to confront and negotiate our own human stories and challenges and hopes and despairs and deal with them and find ways to choose. what is true to be utterly honest with their own experience and to encounter God in that Honesty that is what we learn from agila a sir that is what poem is teaching us and just to bring it back then this is the scream that continues in the abyss part of encountering this world with honesty is that were willing to continue to cry out and not be answered because the answer isn't where we're going to find God it's in that cry it's in that scream I look like real your mom below ton of evil eye level oh do me a lie in a lie a lie llamas of He was Esther answered in her prayer. She wasn't answered by God then coming in response to answer her prayer was her answer her prayer was you're not going to do it. I'm gonna do it. The world isn't going to fix itself for me. I'm going to do what I can to bring fixing. It doesn't look right. So what if it doesn't look right? It's not right but in a deeper level, this is ultimately what's right because I'm being completely and deeply truthful and Honest to this moment. The eighth has oat. He got the macoutes. It's for this moment that you have been brought to this particular circumstance and situation. This is where you are and this is where God is to be found or not found or found and Hayden good poem. Many of these recordings are from Rabbi amies ongoing weekly classes given at yeshivat. Sha'ar a shalom in Jerusalem. For more information. Go to share a Shalom dot org dot IL forward slash about this podcast is supported in part from a grant from the Hadar Institute. the music is bhairav donyell cone for more from the chef of podcast Network visit our Facebook page and please subscribe and leave a review on Apple podcasts