Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination. Now one of the understood conditions is that it has to be picked up from and place down in a place which is substantial and a substantial location is four by four dollar dollar dollar that's fucking for squirt fucking right clearly a hand can't be forced to fuck him because at a fuck is a hands breadth, so I better not hear when I come on come on. Come on blah blah blah valleca. So have several answers. I'm my Rob Rob gives the first answer. I'm going to have a Kiva our mission must be off to Berea be a Kiva. Whoo-hoo evidently does not have the requirement as we see demarlo button and my Kumar bottle our body didn't on we have at least not in the 11th parekh. And as I mentioned in the introduction issue of caring is going to be covered here through Duff debt, and then will not really be picked up until the 10th perak the picked up a little earlier as far as shoe room goes with the method of caring will be dealt with chiefly in the tenth and eleventh parking did not I was like we should be a killer who shall be mine. So let's so let's say you through an item. From a private house to another private house going through a reshoot arobin for the Kiva Mac away from give us your have humming Poe dream. So hum reporter because you basically went from shooting actually into a shootout defeat it starting to see that lead and Richard are clean and although it may be prohibited if they're different Rishi out. It's still not liable. They keep us of our words. We can say your crabs is analysis is or give us our I'm gonna clue talking we should have had a Mia then when something is flying through the air. Why are we imagine it to have come to rest there? Which means that Hannah ha requires virtual rest and not real rest. So certainly here when we have real rest just not a substantial enough place. That would be something that would be sufficient. But instead for them include the commission kadam either about did not do not accept the theoretical construct now parenthetically the main but if she thought of the robin included mission called Dom Mia She is it clear to Rama that the maharloka trivia Cuban economy Min that mishnah is specifically about the issue of quota and they disagree if you through it with intense fucking of the ground then other words, it passed through a shooter our beam below 10th fucking and one interjection that's significant is reshoot. Arab women is not extend above 10 talking and so therefore it's the notion. Is that it Came to rest even though it really whizzed through the area and that's where it's a hog and bi Biola robber. Robber himself asked the question the by Rob all the mountain has so aptly GE is the my cloak at below 10 as we just posited who happily are we keep us are called to include original. Hadami robot has overwhelming include the commission. Kagame has we put laid out. I will remove all of that sort of your copilot or but everybody would agree that if you threw it like a ball over for sure they are creators of that theater went over ten fucking overshoot robbing that Exempt or the cool The Humble are films like Nemo sheet. Why is that because we have an example in the Michigan as I mentioned the introduction to the to the series that we in for all of them La code from the way that the mishkan was set up is that the Levine would hand the boards to each other from wagon to Wagon that's reshoot that leadership their head in The air they would hand it that's called MO sheet. So now according to this Robert would say everybody will agree. We keep them humble agree that we do not infer the laws of Zurich from ohshit meaning that ammo she could be over ten butts or a castithan 10 Odell love it. Rabbi asked perhaps the mclogan has different the loudmouth sharply commitment of my cloak it is only through and higher than 10 or I'll put you in a Michael curtiz. He became a some real feelings like Moshe throw he was says we can further break from ohshit. And therefore if you through it above 10, you're still have even though went over there should have been were not in it provided some of the reference work more shit the robot and say Moshe to separate you. Don't infer from it have all the materials are there are creative. But everyone agree that if it went through below 10, you'd be saying have I tell them include the commission had our twins every day except this principle of Cruelty commissioner Copps something flying through an area. We imagine it coming to rest in that area and then taking off again. So the answer is how low cash So that particular problem is not a problem because about to devour you how the beautiful a after Rob asked the question. What is the mclogan in that? Mishnah he resolved it that the summer became a cultivation of the Dom Mia and the draw button disagree with him and and therefore he came to that conclusion. And now he suggested that our machetes following grubby Akiva who has clutha and not rub on who would not accept gluta problem has returned when I hold the World War II Hero by it. All that are became a solves is ha ha ha they decay. To rest key lunar shooter abeam, but not that that you don't need to pick it up from somewhere substantial. So that doesn't work now. We'll try a psycho Nell Armor Of Yours save her money ready have your safe Robbins colleague says the author our mission is rebbe. So hey, rebbe, which statement of rebbe. Are you going to link it to Elena horribly. If it's this one that Tanya is aqua hung up his cold shoe if you through an item and her shooter a beam and it landed on a beam no matter how small the beam running behind. Oh, honey pot ring represents. Okay, so it sounds like Reggie says it could land on this tiny thing so hot. I'm going to be the more common but we are later going to explain that rebbe. And how come you're disagreeing about a specific case. Can I buy it? Why don't I buy explain it that my by a Haka Milano? Maybe we should they have freedom of front. No, no phone. No television to our beam. This is a case of a tree that is anchored in a private area and the branch turns over shoot a beam bizarre Gonna Knock a new Foe and you threw something that landed on the Ranch there are already several men should infer about her home by car already says the branch is identified with the trunk. And therefore if the trunk is in reshoot that scene it's like you through it. We should they hate for abundance and whatever and chug Informatica on their bond disagree and say the branches independent you basically threw it was shooting up in towards you to our beam and has no particular place that it's sitting because it's a tiny little branch and therefore not high up. So that statement of red be will not help us. So what about your safe mean when they said ready? He however be the time is right. We should have been there should not be any should they hit by him sir. This is the inverse of the Rumba cubic case a fellow through something from a public area to another public area and went through a private area reading the Kiowa having petrine. It sounds like when we keep it turned inside out. If you remove your armor swarm behavior of each time, this is where we have a plus over our earlier analysis Schwartz said that rebbe said in that case you beehive twice coverage won't sell a hot Mission Mikasa meaning when you through through Throbbing to shoot their Creed you have and then we'll go through should have either a she Robin you have again. I'll know nobody like you I want to hug my coma by and there you see that rebbe. It does not require a spot 4x4 for either IQR Honokaa because your hive wants even though it will just whizzed through and never came to rest and then when it left that area to the next area it started again, and you didn't need the Little Darlin. So you see that red be could indeed hold it down of dollars. Not necessary for either problem is I ain't worried about what we showed our return value. I wish we all agreed then we'll High grab the ellebra shoot. They academic or a he only says your crayon if your shooter he threw it through had a roof on it. Meaning you were like on a street and there was a building between you and the rest of the street and you threw it through the building and then it came out Demerol bait to come on Demario dominant because there we have a different principle, which is Good a house is considered as if it's filled I will Shane on the collaborative. It's not Roof then low revenue and say hi that all seat a maximum Carrasco. You think that maybe our mrs. Talk about a case where there is a roof over their chautara beam. In other words where they on the is how to interpret the academic or I understand where the ball of I weighed beehive. I should I'm in the car behind but if the if there is a roof over the outside where the I need a standing here under the height of rush for, you know more about the album. More lives would arrive say I'm Xavier cameras around more push should not be required. If you pick up something in a public area. That's because I like many of the ancient Strokes in the Middle East had roofs over them part or you exempt why Aficionado Melody claiming bar because again, our model is the desert and the way that the public domain was defined as mijares. Robbery assault didn't have a roof over it. You're not have Okay, so we don't have rebbi Akiva. In which is what Rabe suggested we now don't have read B, which is what reviewers have suggested third suggestion. I'll never say rahmani economy. It's okay the target number bright doctor remembering my mother come over keep talking. Yeah, but see you through something to somebody and he stood still and got it. Then you're like I am you the throw was high up a Conquering Hero, but if he had to move together then part or because he did a little bit nude little bit you did it together. So we will investigate a little bit later on. Now I'm not becoming keeping okay off and I'm not calling me. I'll call my boss. How could the guy who catches it if he stands still how could that make you crave after all it landed in his hand we assumed it was from a diabetic coma by. So you see that? Okay, I'm do not require our but now we have the same problem as an advocate with Ricky but don't want to cuddle a buy-in and Acura be none. Maybe I came only say that Allah doesn't need a yellow dog accurate and Beyond to pick it up from the ground or a table. A Hanami don't put vegetable and convey the keyblade maybe even on a client needs for maybe the guy caught it in this tunic like you opened it up and caught it like in the folds which means it's a little Darlin the Konami on the ha so that doesn't solve it. So I'm going to be a bomb on Ethan going shaky blow or aakhirah meet Roscoe. Is that what we're dealing with with both the irony and the Bala by it is that they have some sort of an extended basket on top of a kick and the and the item is in the basket. He puts it the other basket which is dull dull dull it the other way trust code the economically on a COS you have both. Yeah, but Quran Allah and Allah dahlen Viaduct an even richer said you had oh, you put it in his hand you to confirm his and so there is trying to Target Rosco's rear door. It means this this trust go that's in his hand. So hard to have trust we should actually that only works for the moabite. I'll transfer should have been or should I say no, but A tricycle that's that tall. It's ten fucking tall and it's big enough to hold out on top. It's a separate regime, which means that when the Arnie picks it up and puts it in. There's no violation word for should ask leadership. They hate sole minimal could be also beautiful. Maybe this is against our bills for you then real. So if you don't matter now, it's kind of a shift are being very short ruska. Let's see you stuck a stick into the ground out in public and there's a basket up there install. Our dollars are Aqua talking about. Hey if you're in the shoe department, Throw something at lands in their York i-i've because it's reshoot ahead. So maybe our mishnah if we're positing at Rosco then maybe I'll mishnah does not follow that answered the Aquario severe depression followed by the local sometimes occasionally. I'm like, I am because according to that if the ball of light sticks his hand out and puts it in this trust go. Why is your K UB she records her that he'd come up against a commercial decorators attacking the answers of different to member sutiramisu, you two could agree with this - oh Mama Mia Scirocco Martinez, Sarah. When are you when you haven't when we consider a shit? They're here. It's 10. Hi, I'd say this thing wasn't 10. Hi. It's for wider. It's not ten. Hi, it's not a reshoot the ahead and therefore may be a consideration to our beam. We're not going to end with this. So Carlo rubbia. Vo revolver this comment of Ruby Abba about the tricycle just meet an Etruscan civilization doesn't say that are you? Okay, this is your hand. How are our volcano to show you a little not to mention many shall be qiblah important principle that applies to Suka. Mosquito for Shabbat is that anything with him three talking of the ground is considered on the ground. So if this guy put his hand below 3 to fuck him and got it. Then that means he really got it on the ground and the ground shortly. They all are valid the whole make tiny with the mistress said the irony is standing outside Michelle. Hey standing in bending over a bite a mammogram or maybe standing in a pit. Okay. Bye Tim and non-us maybe he's a midget. Alrighty, we're getting far-fetched here and Robin puts a stop to it and says equal tunnels. Akane, you think the time is giving this whole mission of for such bizarre cases like a midget or standing on a pit. Hell, I'm a robber Here's the final answer you had ocean of them for sure low-carb a lot about a man's hand is considered our Bottle Bar because of its utility. Thank you out. There are being will be a honey. Guess. What are we all going on in? Eretz? Israel said the same thing at Ravine brought the report door shut down because you Lo karbala, Bob good rub your mobile. Yeah. I'm going to be a hunter with another statement in the rubble Collins name, so I crave it. Nakamura takao don't you have a row if you threw something I landed another guy's Hand high up as we said earlier. So my constant there's no because we will talk about bars from your current simply reiterating with already said which is that your hand is considered a little doubt in a place that's sufficient for on a ha Romeo comes in. He already said that once the answer is mounted to a running nearly half of the actual who the other day. Maybe that's only when you put her she would in your hand my picking something up or putting something down your hand Hazel. Actually I did. Here when somebody else threw it into your hand a mellow. Maybe your hand doesn't have any significance. You didn't intend to catch it. That way just through it you reacted so commercial on that even in such a case. There's an automatic dollar or dollar that we append to the odd kill parts of this point will pick up with more analyses of the issue of Hannah. Khandala, dhanyavad in the next podcast meantime, everybody should have a wonderful day.