Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006 Hordes of reporters and Paparazzi gathered on the steps of the courthouse waiting for what news would trickle out from the other side of the doors. They weren't allowed inside as the closed trial was meant to ensure the anonymity of the victims involved. It was a necessary precaution as the details that had unfolded within the adjacent courtroom were harrowing indeed British Glam musician 61 year-old. Gary Glitter was about Receive his sentence by a Vietnamese judge for the past two days. All eyes were directed toward the man accused of molestation and predation of two Vietnamese girls aged 10 and 11. It was hard for those in the courtroom to look at glitter without uneasiness. It appeared avoiding eye contact was an effort to make the crimes at hand easier to stomach indeed for the man who was once a beloved icon for British pop music glitter had turned into as described by the UK's the guardian a public hate figure since 1997 allegations came out in waves against the celebrity each one more horrifying than the last first in 1999 54 offences of downloading child pornography landed glitter in jail in Britain for Months, however, his response to this conviction indicated that he had not accepted the gravity of his habits. When asked why he did it. He skirted any blame explaining I was abused as a child. So maybe I was trying to work my own feelings out. Unfortunately more allegations and Scandals followed in 2003 glitter was deported from Cambodia following a brief detainment by local police though. The UK's foreign office didn't confirm the circumstances under which he was removed many suspected. The reason was for sex offenses and Glitters presence inside the courtroom in Vietnam three years later in 2006 indicated little if anything had changed he was an older man, but no more repentant. In fact during the trial glitter had lashed back at prosecutors in response to accusations. The engaged with the girls both in his vacation home in vung Tau and in hotels near the residence glitter said the allegations were media conspiracies. According to the Hollywood Reporter. The only reason two young girls were in his home was because he was teaching the girls English allowing them to stay overnight because they were scared of ghosts. No one believed this in fact, even Glitters lawyer saw through his claims. Before the trial began defense attorney latam, kin gave a vague statement that seem to indicate the case wouldn't lead to an acquittal according to the guardian. Kin said he says he has not committed any crime. I will do my best to defend him adding that it will be very difficult glitter sentencing confirmed. No one was Keen to let him off the hook this time. Judge Wong Tung Tung stepped forward to What reparation would be due from glitter addressing him by his birth name of Paul Francis Gad the judge excoriated glitter for acts of pedophilia. Not only had he preyed upon the young girls and cause them psychological harm. He had also attempted to flee when the allegations became public glitter had been caught just as he was about to board a plane to Thailand. He was promptly arrested and detained. Attained in a prison in Ho Chi Minh City for nearly four months before his trial. Unlike prior offenses glitter wouldn't walk away with a slap on the wrist judge tongue stated that after one year in a Vietnamese State Prison. He would become eligible for parole glitter was further instructed that he must pay compensation to the families of both victims. In addition. Once he was released from prison. He would be immediately extradited from the country though the mood of the Court remained grave Following the news it was impossible to avoid acknowledging that Glitter had evaded the more serious charge of child rape had he been convicted of the ladder. The maximum penalty would have been death by firing squad instead. He would serve three years in a bin Tuan prison. Coming up. Gary Glitter is released from jail in Vietnam and returns to the UK only to meet more shocking accusations. Now back to the story former British Glam pop star Gary Glitter was embroiled in numerous scandals from child pornography to sex abuse for nearly 10 years in 2006. He was finally convicted of child molestation by a Vietnamese Court. It seemed that the man who had repeatedly evaded atonement for his crimes had reached the end of the road. However, the years following his release from prison and bent Juan Province proved. Otherwise in February of 2007 glitter sentence was reduced by 3 months a year and a half later in August of 2008. He was released and the deportation order from his 2006 sentence. Kicked in glitter was sent back to Britain. The 64 year old was met at the Gate of Heathrow by yet. Another somber site British police were waiting for him to sign the sex offenders register. It seemed to Mark the end of a habitual Predator who'd been in and out of the spotlight for his crimes for over a decade. However, seven years later the 71 year olds past would Old more disturbing details Unearthed an investigation by London's Metropolitan Police like many abusers glitter had long tried to Discount accusations as attempts to slander his name and fame and like many celebrity criminals. He'd been able to use his power or money to sway victims into silence. London's Metropolitan police's operation. You tree a massive. Ewell abuse investigation which began in 2012 was created to rectify these in justices. This most recent round of charges with allegations dating back to the 1970s found the former star without many excuses to explain his crimes. However, feeble he tried to appear to the southwark Crown Court in London. The jury wasn't susceptible to the Glitters fake tears according to a report by the BBC. It's certainly possible That Glitters lack of remorse for his prior crimes. The investigators to present the most damning case possible following operation you tree a conviction for years worth of victims and treachery hung in the balance after a two week long. Trial glitter was found guilty of according to the BBC attempted rape four counts of indecent assault and one of having sex with a girl under 13. It was truly the nail in the coffin of glitter. Has once praised career UK publication the guardian summarized Glitters decrepit Legacy at the time of sentencing most accurately writing the former glam rock singer Gary Glitter faces the prospect of dying in jail after being sentenced to 16 years judge Alistair Mark reeth told glitter with strident Clarity that you did all of your victims real and Lasting. Damage and you did so for no other reason than to obtain sexual gratification for yourself of a wholly improper kind. As glitter continues to serve his latest sentence in a British Penitentiary the aftermath has left fans across the globe in a contemplative mood. His music was included in an era that influenced Millions yet. It now has a big asterisk next to it as with any art that receives High Praise only to have a more sordid history come to light in later years Glitters music reminds consumers that they hold the power. to choose whether or not to support the work in 2019 Glitters hit rock and roll part 2 was used in a pivotal scene in The Joker starring Joaquin Phoenix Snapper music who have owned the rights to the song since 1997 publicly stated that he is not entitled to nor have we paid any royalties to glitter indeed many fans of opted to avoid his And Delight in other songs from the Glam pop genre. They'd rather avoid The Man Behind the Music no matter the context. Thanks for listening to today and True Crime. I'm Vanessa Richardson. If you enjoyed today's episode you might also like the park has two original series The Dark Side of music today and True Crime is a par cast original. You can find more episodes of today and True Crime and all other par cast Originals for free on Spotify. Not only to Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of Your favorite podcast Originals like today and True Crime for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream today and True Crime on Spotify just open the app and type today and true crime in the search bar at par cast were grateful for you our listeners. You will allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park has network will be back with a brand new episode tomorrow in True Crime Today and True Crime was created by Max Cutler and is a par cast Studios original. It is executive produced by Max Cutler sound designed by Andy weights with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Aaron Larson this episode of today in True Crime was written by MacKenzie more with writing assistance by Abigail Cannon. I'm Vanessa Richardson.