In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt and forget about his receipts outfitted with the whole nine yards, including a beeper business cards and a code name Hubbard was ready to take down some lobbyists but informant Elmer Fudd as he was nicknamed grew irritated when he wasn't flown abroad instead. He was instructed by the FBI to wear a body recorder around Washington, DC. DC. He was confused. The agents only seemed interested in getting him to talk to Old Kentucky politicians. What did they know about Libya Hubbard was uneasy and yet he still believe the FBI wouldn't try to dupe him. He would have seen that coming but Hubbard vastly underestimated the FBI's willingness to let him slide off the hook for his years of past misdeeds. In fact, they were simply trying To get him to obtain evidence that would help speed his own conviction. Welcome to political scandals up our cast original. I'm Richard and I'm Kate you can find all episodes of political scandals and all other park has two Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream political scandals for free on Spotify just open the app and type political scandals in the search bar at Park cast. We are grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Of let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at podcast Network. Carol Hubbard Junior the prize of Western Kentucky, or at least he thought so the nine term Democrat seemed destined to be a lifelong Congressman at least until he embroiled himself in multiple Financial scandals in the 1990s the congressman described by The Washington Post as a friendly albeit quirky and absent-minded type was a staple In Kentucky politics for nearly two decades but being a cordial Southern gentleman wouldn't excuse his sketchy bookkeeping concerns about his financial records arose multiple times during his tenure in Congress the inquiries that led to the 1992 house Bank Scandal AKA rubber gate would finally definitively expose Hubbard's years of illegal dealings. But before we get into Hubbard's three cup trick, Curry with his Congressional funds. Let's get a sense of how he got his seat in Washington by 1955 18 year old Carol Hubbard jr. Was on his way out of Eastern High School in Middletown, Kentucky and on to Georgetown College. That is the small Baptist liberal arts school seemed like the perfect fit after all Hubbard was thinking he'd become a minister. However in his last year at Georgetown, Hubbard switched tracks the appeal of joining the Baptist clergy was fading now. He was interested in politics when he graduated in 1959 Hubbard was focused on one thing law school while there isn't a lot of information about what specifically turned Hubbard's aspirations toward government. One thing was for certain. He'd waste no time shaping himself to fit the political mold. He continued On to the University of Louisville and graduated in 1962. He was admitted to the Kentucky Bar Association that same year now able to practice law Hubbard wasn't going to busy himself with tax or divorce law rather. He was starting to plot his journey to Washington DC the best place to begin such a quest was at home small and local he ran for the Kentucky State Senate and was elected to the District 1 seat the the westernmost portion of Kentucky for the 1968 to 1975 term in 1972 after serving four years. He was chosen by the Kentucky young Democrats as their outstanding young Democrat legislator. His term was an all-around success. So successful that Hubbard decided it was time to make the leap from State Senate to the big leagues Congress. In 1974. He challenged the incumbent Kentucky Democrat Frank Stubblefield for his first district seat in the House of Representatives Hubbard clinched the primary and secured stubble Fields former seat that November the prize of Western Kentucky soon found himself rolling down Independence Avenue with his fellow Freshman Class of 74 feeling Unstoppable. This confidence would Propel him forward to re-election in his first dish. District seat in 1976 and 78 then convinced the three terms in Congress had polished his resume enough to justify another promotion Hubbard briefly paused his Congressional career for a Kentucky gubernatorial bid in 1979. His conviction was misguided. He lost the Democratic primary. It seemed that although the people of Kentucky repeatedly elected Hubbard as their congressman. Didn't necessarily mean they wanted him in the governor's mansion his colleagues in Washington. Meanwhile thought Hubbard was only interested in voting for laws that would benefit people in Kentucky rather than the whole country. It was an ironic position it appeared Hubbard was like Charlie from Death of a Salesman described by the main character Willie as liked but not well liked his 79 gubernatorial campaign did nothing to improve. Prove that reputation in fact it put him on the radar in a very unfortunate way following the race the Department of Justice investigated whether Hubbard had wrongly used his Congressional staff during the campaign. They suspected that he had instructed house staffers to write letters to his constituents will get more into why that would have been a problem in a moment, but for now Hubbard didn't need to worry about the specifics after a 18 months the evidence was inconclusive. The inquiry was dropped apparently Hubbard briefly considered writing about his experience of the investigation. He even went so far as to get himself a literary agent in Manhattan. However, his tell-all Memoir never appeared perhaps because he realized it might damage his political career instead the American public remained largely ignorant of the inquiry and Hubbard stuck with Congress he racked up five more terms serving all the way until January of 1993, but the two years before that end date were all but probationary all the commotion actually started in 1990 when Hubbard's wife also named Carol different spelling though had her own news for the Kentucky establishment. She'd be running for a congressional seat in 1992 and hopefully Meaning the number of Carol Hubbard's in Congress to to the former Miss Kentucky was under the impression that Eastern Kentucky where she was originally from needed her leadership despite never holding public office. Carol Hubbard thought the time she spent in her husband's office would more than suffice has experienced after all she quote helped him do his job a rookie running her own campaign with no prior experience. Whatever could go wrong. Apparently a lot unbeknownst to their peers the Hubbard started undertaking a money shuffling operation of Epic Proportions representative Hubbard was seeking re-election in the 1992 congressional election to and he had a pretty sizable donor base already in the works from previous terms sure he had to campaign to keep donors contributing cash, but it wasn't hard to convince. Folks he deserved their money. His wife. Carol wasn't so lucky. She'd have to start from scratch with her own fundraising and that's exactly where things got illegal. Hubbard began skimming off large chunks of money from his campaign fund and passing them to his wife. Obviously. This was an illegal misappropriation of funds, but things only got worse Hubbard started sending his Congressional staffers to do various tasks for his wife during their working hours. Just like he allegedly used them during his own gubernatorial race a little explainer on campaign ethics here for any representative already in Congress. Who Wants to be re-elected either to Congress or another public office. They must hire their own campaign staff separate from the regular staffers that campaign staff is then paid out of a separate budget as they work towards re-election, their Congressional staff. Meanwhile is paid out from a members representation allowance the budget allocated to each rep from federal funds. In other words Congressional staffers are Ed by the taxpayers dime campaign staffers aren't the only time there is permissible crossover between the two is when Congressional staffers request to be a part of a re-election campaign. If they're able to prove they can engage on their own personal time without using any of their Congressional resources. Then the request can be granted but sliding through that red tape is pretty dang tricky any extraneous. Use of Congressional staffers on re-election campaigns will land a congressperson in the hot seat with the house Ethics Committee especially because the salaries of campaign staffers are public record. There's a pretty clear paper trail and yet Hubbard didn't want his wife's lack of campaigns Savvy to ruin her chances of being elected another Carol in Washington's OK Corral could open up a whole new world of politics. Coming up Carol Hubbard Junior starts peeling off his staffers to work on his wife's campaign. Hi Park, casters, get ready for a real treat. If you enjoy stories about crime mystery and The Unexplained you will absolutely love the new park has two original series Supernatural with Ashley flowers. It's hosted by crime junkies Ashley flowers, and you can hear new episodes every Wednesday. Most Mysteries can be solved by looking at the facts. But sometimes the facts don't lead to a logical explanation and the truth lies somewhere. The unknown in Supernatural with Ashley flowers Ashley takes a deep dive into the strange and surreal to explain some of the world's most bizarre True Crime occurrences each week. She'll dig into a different crime or mystery where the most fitting Theory isn't always the most conventional from exorcisms two unsolved murders two alien abductions. Ashley will take on the Tails challenge The Unexplained and dissect the facts with a heavy upping of skepticism and rationale. So are you ready to get to the bottom of history's most peculiar events? Follow Supernatural with Ashley flowers free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Now back to the story in 1990 Congressman, Carol Hubbard Junior was enjoying his near Eternal status as a house representative from Kentucky. In fact, he was getting ready to run for his ninth term and was entirely confident he'd win once again, but in a surprising twist that year his wife also named Carol Hubbard announced she'd run alongside her husband for Different seat representing Eastern Kentucky not wanting to let his rookie wife kill her own campaign before it got started Hubbard began funneling resources to Carol, perhaps due to the fact that the doj had dropped similar charges against him in 1985. It seemed Hubbard didn't think he'd get caught. In fact, he was positively grandiose with his generosity to mrs. Hubbard. It wasn't a question of if his Congressional staffers would help arrange calendars for Carol Brown Hubbard or reach out to donors for contributions. It was a question of when Hubbard was careful to instruct his employees to use fake names for all this illicit work last someone catch them working for both Hubbard's at once obviously many staffers were opposed. These tasks were illegal and could jeopardize their careers, but Hubbard's implicit message. Is clear if they questioned his requests, they lose their jobs. They'd have no careers to lose. Unfortunately, the situation continued to devolve in addition to being relegated to Illegal administrative work staffers were sent out as chaperones for Hubbard's elderly mother The Washington Post reported that Hubbard's campaign staffers were tasked with accompanying. Mrs. Carroll Hubbard's mother to a Baptist Church convention. Later Congressman Hubbard had them right off the trip in phony expense reports for his Congressional office of Course all that being said at least Hubbard wasn't paying people to endorse his wife Carol right wrong. Hubbard was happy to grease a palm or two or more for his wife. According to the Baltimore Sun on at least 15 occasions. He gave people up to one thousand dollars to make contributions to his wife's campaign as the book of love says if you love someone pay other people to love them too now, whatever do Looted confidence had convinced Hubbard. All of this was a good idea. He wasn't so foolhardy to do it. Openly he did his best to bury the money transfers according to the Washington Post in 1 1992 instance Hubbard skimmed $15,000 out of his campaign fund channeled it through several Banks including the house bank then gave money to various Associates in Kentucky the recipients then wrote back data check. To Carol Brown Hubbard's Congressional Campaign, though some of this money laundering could be chalked up to a very misguided sense of Duty towards his wife Hubbard wasn't Robin hooding his campaign funds solely for her campaign. The man had bills to pay. What was the use of letting them Stack Up Hubbard also took a little money from the fund here and there to pay for his daughter's school tuition and a few other things. No expense was too small even hairdresser's gas bills and his ex-wife's cable TV Bill were paid out from the campaign fund Hubbard's actions were equal to asking the accountant at work to take your mother out to lunch during working hours. Then having them expense that lunch as accounting software. Oh and then using the company credit card to pay your Netflix and gas bills. Clearly Hubbard was confident luck was on his side. I had it had been Before He'll he'd even cheated fate. Allegedly back in 1983 Hubbard had been scheduled to visit South Korea for an anniversary celebration of the United States South Korea Mutual defense treaty. He was to travel with his constituents Larry McDonald and Jesse Helms, but due to scheduling issues Hubbard canceled his plans. He was attending an event back home in Kentucky when he learned the flight. He'd been slated to take was shot down by the USSR these Of memories made committing bank fraud seem like small worthy potatoes if Carol Brown Hubbard was elected for Eastern Kentucky the couple would make up one third of the representation for the state in Congress. They'd be a congressional power couple with a good deal of political sway. However, the Hubbard's wouldn't ever secure such a majority a major story was about to Splash across headlines Nationwide and foil their plans In the spring of 1992 the house Bank Scandal broke, Washington DC slid under the microscope as the public learned the details of what was quickly dubbed rubber gate a cheeky word play on rubber checks meaning bounced and the Watergate scandal. It was a far-reaching bipartisan Fiasco 247 current and 56 former Congress people from both parties were cited as overdrafting on their house bank accounts sidebar the house bank, which has since closed used to work independently of the rules that govern most US Banks according to the Chicago Tribune. The bank was a strictly internal Affair a Cooperative paycheck depository and check cashing service that had been operating since 1838 and didn't involve taxpayers money regardless. Headless for these members it looked very very bad to be implicated in such a scandal let alone in the spring of an election year as if seeing their re-elections evaporate Into Thin Air, the implicated politicians were quick to defend themselves in the days after the Scandal broke. They argued that the rules of house Bank protocol were unclear. Apparently the long heralded policy was that account overdrafts were permissible? Well so long as they didn't exceed the representatives paycheck amount for the next month this argument didn't sit. Well with the American public Washington insiders attitude seemed to be I know the money isn't there but it will be so let it slide. Okay, it stirred little if any sympathy and the truth was often the money wouldn't be there later because the representatives were overdrafting in excessive amounts that future paychecks. Wouldn't cover for example one representative from Kentucky had 152 overdrafts next to his name and his name was Carol Hubbard Junior out of the 325 people implicated Hubbard's name was 15th on the list that stated the number of checks overdrawn by ranking as one of the top offenders of the house Bank Scandal Hubbard had placed a big red bullseye on his back. It was terrible timing at that point in 1992. He'd already been siphoning off funds to his wife's election campaign and his various personal expenses. And now all eyes were turning towards his books Hubbard was clearly worried. His records would be subpoenaed by a grand jury, and he knew he couldn't hide the evidence for a long so he did what any God-fearing and upstanding citizen would do. Staged a burglary of his Paducah Kentucky district office and made it appear as if the records for both his campaign and house bank account had been stolen if the records were gone. There'd be no hard proof that he'd been misappropriating funds at least in Hubbard's mind. But clearly this was a risky move to take when already under federal investigation for the bank Scandal and unsurprisingly. It didn't work. No one believed that by Sheer happenstance a local burglar would pilfer the very records necessary to charge the suspected Congressman a subpoena still came asking for his records Hubbard delayed trying to find a way around turning over the documents rumor has it that he even told an aide to take the requested documents with her on a trip and dispose of them Hubbard was clearly scrambling. All this investigation. Chaos didn't do. Is or his wife's election campaigns any favors in November of 1992. They both lost their respective races him for his current seat in Western Kentucky her for Eastern after Decades of easy re-elections. Hubbard's political career slammed to a stop that isn't to say he was done in Washington. He still had a lot on his plate namely trying to avoid prison time for three. He charges but first we can't pass over the six months in which Hubbard thought he could skirt his Crimes by working with the FBI as an informant. After losing re-election for his seat in the house in 1992 Hubbard hoped he could reinvent himself with an adjacent career in Washington perhaps by working as a lawyer in political lobbying. However, that would be near impossible if he was convicted and sent to prison and by 1993. He was still being investigated by the justice department for his misuse of campaign funds anticipating prosecution for his crimes the Congressman hoped he could offer an olive branch to lessen the terms of his impending charges if he helped the FBI get what it wanted. Maybe his sentencing would be less severe. It wasn't an unheard-of trade according to the New York Times. It is common for the bureau to use suspects as informers to help uncover crimes in such cases the government typically promises that if a suspect is convicted Federal prosecutors will Mend A reduced sentence in return for the suspects cooperation with law enforcement authorities. So in April of 1993 Hubbard became an informant he thought he was going in as an inside man investigating International lobbying in his mind. He was a perfect candidate for such a role. He'd already talked about wanting to work with lobbyists and he was a familiar face around DC naively Hubbard thought The FBI was willing to trust him needless to say it didn't go well. Coming up Carol Hubbard's FBI days are numbered he faces trial and later insists. He's off the political sauce for good now back to the story. In April of 1993 Carol Hubbard Junior agreed to work with the FBI as an informant in Washington. He hoped that his cooperation would help lessen, whatever charges the justice department was sure to bring against him for misappropriating campaign funds but in his six months working with the bureau Hubbard grew Restless, he wasn't being sent to Libya or having meetings with foreign leaders. According to the Washington Post. Most he'd believed he could be part of the investigation into the 1988 crash of Pan Am flight 103 in which Libyan terrorism was suspected. This was incorrect the FBI just wanted proof that Hubbard had tried to destroy his subpoenaed campaign records even his codename Elmer Fudd after the bumbling cartoon character seemed to indicate the FBI didn't take Hubbard all that seriously he was Given a wire and told to record his conversations around Washington according to Hubbard the conversations. The FBI were most interested in were the ones that took place on his visits back home to Kentucky namely when he was talking to Associates that had some level of access to his subpoenaed records. By early fall of 1993 Hubbard had finally come to terms with the fact that he wasn't investigating Libya in September upon receiving a plea agreement to avoid federal trial. He declined it and stopped helping the FBI. He balked at terms that demanded he quote plead guilty to conspiracy to violate federal election laws theft of government property and obstruction of justice. Hubbard wanted to argue his case consequences be damned even after the FBI disappointment. He still had faith in himself. He truly believed he could convince a judge. He didn't deserve the Hefty his sentence. It was a bold gamble according to the Washington Post. He could quote face a sentence of more than seven years about twice the maximum sentence that he could have received under his plea offer. So Carol, Byrd Jr. Went to federal trial again. It didn't go well. In April of 1994 he pled guilty to no less than three felonies conspiring to file false campaign Finance reports misusing government employees and obstructing justice and agreed to cooperate with the justice department. Whatever changed Hubbard was now admitting to nearly the same charges that had been offered to him in the earlier plea bargain, but without any of the implied Goodwill had he taken Offer back in September the court proceedings dragged on for nearly five months in part thanks to Hubbard's reluctance to provide subpoenaed documents even now he couldn't quite bring himself to cooperate. However, the doj eventually tracked down all the records. They needed confirming Hubbard misappropriated fifty thousand dollars in campaign money in November of 1994 Carol Hubbard. ER was found guilty of all charges and slapped with the three-year prison sentence by US District Judge Lewis oberdorfer to top off the jail time. He was subject to pay one hundred fifty three thousand dollars in restitution. And in order to not insult the taxpayers. He'd also be responsible for covering the cost of his prison housing an estimated 14,000 dollars per year. According to the Associated Press. This was a generous punishment in light of the 20 years and seven hundred and fifty thousand dollar maximum fine. He could have walked away with Hubbard was even permitted a month of R&R with the family over the holidays before he decamped to a federal prison in Fort Worth, Texas speaking of family Mrs. Carol Brown Hubbard didn't get off scot-free either. She was arraigned separately yet according to the American Banker she plead Guilty to a single misdemeanor charge of aiding and abetting the campaign law violations as in she more or less claimed to be the victim of her husband's arrogance. She insisted. She was just along for the ride when her husband suggested misappropriating funds granted her political career was all but buried the judge was satisfied. She'd learned her lesson. He sentenced her to five years probation with 100 hours of community service. Instead of jail time and of course a $27,000 fine, but the Hubbard's trials weren't over yet and this time it was a personal one. In 1998 following her husband's early release from federal prison, Carol Brown Hubbard filed for divorce. Perhaps looking for something to fill the void of his marriage in the years that followed Hubbard believed he might go back to practicing law, but there was a small problem his law license and voting rights were suspended following his conviction in 1994. No matter Hubbard had nothing. If not, He'd simply ask Kentucky Governor Paul Patton to reinstate his civil rights Hubbard reassured the governor that he'd washed his hands of public office. He was merely seeking permission to return to society as an upstanding civilian voter. The governor agreed restoring Hubbard's ability to both vote and to hold public office some were dubious and worried Patton was giving Hubbard too long a leash yet. Governor. Patton was optimistic. He insisted He restored Hubbard's voting rights Because he believes people who completed their sentences should be allowed a chance to become responsible citizens after being granted this win Hubbard did what any responsible citizen would do ask for his bar license back naturally the Kentucky bar association's Board of Governors bristled at the request a year later in 2001 it voted. 16 to 0 against reinstating Hubbard to practice however Hubbard could appeal that decision and he did it was brought to the state supreme court of Kentucky which overruled the bars decision finding he was of good moral character. The judges voted unanimously to return his law license Hubbard went back to practice and he already knew where he wanted to go next. Is Old Faithful the Kentucky State Senate right where he started his political career? By 2005 Hubbard firmly believed he could return to his former glory as a state legislator. He told newspaper the Murray Ledger. I've asked God to forgive me for my huge mistakes Hubbard was pretty sure that despite all his missteps. His people would show up for him. When I was Congressman for 18 years my staff 22 people and I helped thousands of people in this area and It's going to show up on November 7th. But wherever the support he claimed to have was it didn't show up at the polls Hubbard's 2006 bid for the Kentucky State Senate was a failure always wanted to get back on the horse though. He tried again in 2008 and this time one the made Democratic primary but enthusiasm for him tuckered out and he lost the November 2008 general election still hub. Bird persisted 2012 same deal. He ran for Kentucky State Senate when he was asked why he kept trying to get reelected despite the overwhelming proof that he wasn't a favored candidate Hubbard told the Associated Press. This is one last try for proving that people are capable of forgiveness and that there is such a thing as Redemption. He lost it's not surprising that Hubbard never found his base again. Granted he spent recent years engaging in more activities that further tarnish his reputation like say harassing his fellow attorneys. In 2018 The Courier Journal broke a story revealing he'd sent disparaging messages to another lawyer in a heated family law case. Hubbard was called out for anonymously Penning a lewd demeaning letter that included photos of the lawyer and her female spouse at a public event in 2019 Hubbard lied under oath about what he'd written and had his law license suspended for 60 days. He took it as a slap. On the wrist and agreed to write letters of apology to the couple, but he certainly wouldn't let the incident stop him from continuing his career as of 2020 Carol Hubbard jr. Is back on the ballot in Kentucky as a republican this year. He will once again be running for the Kentucky House of Representatives to represent District 1 Hubbard sent out his political Switcheroo notice in September of 2019. And amongst his reasons for leaving the Democratic party where his personal disagreements with party Staples like affordable healthcare and abortion rights unsurprisingly his former Dem colleagues gave him a remorseless. Goodbye amongst their reactions were I'm not sorry in the least. Thank God and Greyhound he's gone and I can't wait to tell my Republican friends. He's one of them the switch isn't Dented granted that as of 2019 according to the Courier Journal the percentage of registered Democrats in Kentucky has fallen to 49 percent while Republicans are up to 42% the GOP may be encroaching on Kentucky, but that doesn't mean the party wants Hubbard when reporter Joseph girth reached out to former State Republican spokesman. Tray Watson and asked if he welcomed one-time informant Elmer Fudd Watson replied tersely. I certainly don't the disliked out-of-touch politician reflected in Watson statement is a sharp contrast to the vibrant Hubbard that many kentuckians elected repeatedly in the 1980s and 90s according to the Washington Post the image. He portrayed in those days was a warm connected one. He called out to people by name half of every speech he gave back. Home with spent greeting the multitude of good friends spotted in the audience perhaps that distant image will make a remarkable comeback as the 82 year old Congressman turned felon tosses his hat into the ring once more. Let's see how he fares come election day. Thanks for listening. We'll be back next week with Scandal number 35 Grover. Cleveland's secret son. You can find all episodes of political scandals and all other park has two Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite Park cast Originals for free. From your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream political scandals on Spotify just open the app tap browse and type political scandals in the search bar will see you next time political scandals was created by Max Cutler and is a park a Studios original. It is executive produced by Max Cutler sound design by Michael langner with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Travis Clark this episode of political scandals. It was written by MacKenzie more with writing assistance by Kate Gallagher and stars Richard Rosner and Kate Leonard. Hi listeners, don't forget to check out the Fantastic new park has two original series Supernatural with Ashley flowers. Every Wednesday take a deep dive into the strange and surreal to find the truth behind some of the world's most bizarre True Crime occurrences. I think you'll really enjoy it search for Supernatural with Ashley flowers in the Spotify app and listen free today.