Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those? See before although it was a very very long time ago. And so you're welcome to join us and listen along to the podcast. We watch an episode a week and then we discuss the various goings-on of Newport Beach mostly how I don't like Melissa, you don't you really don't wow, there's sequelae toxic masculinity going on and Seth. Yeah. There's a lot of things that maybe we're OK at the time which aren't looking know and yeah, it's interesting. Anyway, recap rubber recap recap last time on the OSI and Oliver Oliver Oliver Oliver, and that's all before. I was a boy wanted Marissa more Caleb and Julie are home. I'm sure that's going to cause issues of Plenty Jamie and Sandy are going into business business and they're buying a restaurant Maybe. And hail he's gone. He's out of town. She got that big yellow taxi and she is off hanging out with Ryan's mum. See ya my culprit all caught up. Yes ridiculous. I'm really hungry. So Preamble, we've got Seth and Ryan who are at school. They are discussing all of our Ryan says that something about Oliver has off. It's not right man. It just doesn't add up your points out. A lot of what I would say is compelling evidence to suggest that there is something off with all of her but Seth kind of just brush it off. He's not really having any of it. This is all my beers. Maybe it's not maybe did try to commit suicide. Maybe it doesn't but in the end of the day like he's Melissa's friend. So you've got to be his friend which is valid valid point. Like what can you do unless you have blatant obvious evidence that says I am right and there is something going on here. Well, no because we've had this conversation before that. You don't have to be friends with someone just because Other half is friends with them or likes them like you can still be like, I don't like that guy. So I'm not gonna I'm not going to be uncivil but not going to be their best friend. I'm sure we've talked about that before we have you and but yes advisors make peace with Oliver embrace the friend. I like talk about me because we talk about you all the time. Yes, so he wants to talk about the fact that oh, that's how they get it, isn't it? Because Marissa and Ryan Innovating and Seth is like oh but enjoy those Sparks. Yeah eating is exciting, right? Yes issues with this. Yes. This is one of the huge problems that soap Style TV has brought on to us in relationships is there's nothing wrong with being in a relationship where you don't argue that much you don't need to argue for it to be passionate like that such a false thing and there is another note as well when Gabby was like, oh if you're sad, it means you're in love or worse that effect that's like Oh man, like no hmm. But yes, that is basically like me and I never fight. What do we have to fight about real exactly the same we like all the same thing. Yes. It's having like an existential crisis is having a bit of a rough spot with an eye. He thinks that they are too similar. He thinks he's dating himself, which I mean an S and saez did it himself and he also mentions a time when he went to camp Tuckahoe now, this tackled me. Hugely, because and it's been a while since I brought this up but back in the early days of the podcast. I used to always mention drag race or RuPaul or drag and this is a direct reference not to report because obviously this is well before the RuPaul time, but there is an episode of RuPaul where they do like a jail style sitcom and it's called Tuckahoe prison for ladies and people who are RuPaul fans will know what I'm talking about soon. I said Taco who I was like, oh get those nuts away from my face. I see I forgot son and say joke between me and Oliver and everyone else as soon as I could. I thought you were going to say that you'd been to Tuckahoe Camp. No, I've not. I've never been take a while. I've probably been to like some kind of Camp when I was younger. I waited it's I was like a day I was I was gay dude a girl code. I know em, but I quit the gates because when we went to camp we weren't allowed count we had to stay in like a bunkhouse and then we had to go get firewood. Word for the camp and I wasn't old cut firewood. I had to ask one of the scouts to do it because the girls weren't allowed the cut the firewood we had to ask the scouts really and I was like, this is BS that is awful total BS. I also jumped out the window and ran off to Snug one of the scouts. That's probably another reason why I didn't go back to the Corral gate. I think out grip mmm. Hey there in the heart out Snogging. It's goats. That sounds like a Nickelodeon movie. Yeah while you're thinking Alex Max. Alex Mack wears a hat on a hat or cat hat as that was the advert and Nickelodeon wasn't her so they can sexy back with like Boo William and then agreement. I never really watched that but I do I'd appreciate that. She was like the cool one in The Baby-Sitters Club movie. It was the same thing that you know, it's like Clarissa Explains It All hmm. Yeah anyway, and by the way caught us are just spoiler all their clothes the does not explain it all. No she bought. In March, which explains are fall and but Sabrina the Teenage Witch. Whoo for life. We play only for sometimes and I love it. I love it so much because I love feeling the cat know the answer. No Elder. She's very I'm definitely a not held a time. You totally are anyway, all of our has transferred to Harbor is basically what we've got here. And this Preamble, correct? Yes. Oh just before that Marie. And Ryan have a chat don't they the only one who cares like what stop talking about medicine range hats because we're basically saying this if you know what rights instead of talking about this now what to do is look up an old episode where we talk about a chat the middle son Ryan had and they just added NY said then because it'll be the same. Well, she says something really interesting which shows just how much all over his got into her brain and she says he said because he took a bunch of pills and we're arguing about it. He doesn't get it and I don't get it either. Either well, we had a little weird and so Brian's tried to the escalator and he's all like he's your friend. So he's my friend. Let's all just be chill about it. And lo and behold Oliver has transferred to their school. Let the games commence. It was the new teacher know the teacher that said the group work. It was Hamlet was like, oh Marissa Ryan, I believe that, you know our new transfer student and then they re as and I was like us guy and this is where we also then see Seth and Anna being too similar again as that. Yeah. Like he's trying to cause an argument as met the tuna melts or it's turning out Jews de yada yada yada and he said well actually I was going to have something else and it was like right well have something else like start trifocal your girlfriend for no reason. She's nice. They're also we're too much blush hour, but she's nice. They're wearing the same outfit. Yes, the yellow. Yeah might write the yellow t-shirt. Enemy Oliver and Melissa. It turns out have the same timetable surprise surprise else agrees the unexpected hits you between in the eyes does the seller black celebr black reference out of the goal of people are going to know that people won't know who sell a black eyes either. Okay. Well look up. All right grab cooler. This is me Millennial Nana At Your Service for all your out-of-date references for dead celebrities. I'm also not doing any trying in this respect. So I'm trying to finish the show to eat a piece of toast. Sorry. I'll be back in a minute legs Day Surgery. I don't want to see a ghost. I'd rather have a piece of toast some of the best song lyrics wow. How about and yeah, all of our umbrellas are the same timetable this as just another little thing that's shows how intense and creepy he is that he knows exactly what subject she takes and he's managed to pick the exact same classes so that they have the exact same timetable. So obviously that's going to cause problems. No, Sandy and Jimmy are then they talked about buying It has are they actually going to do I mean Jamie talks? A lot of sense here. He's like we don't know anything about running a restaurant you say so but you ran the lighthouse for two years. It was like it to summarize. I was Stephen and stoned all the time student. Yeah, but he does say like are you serious were five more TVD play, but we all know that pal that when you're out having a drink UCLA other garbage totally do this. I wish totally beat this holiday. We should like do this thing and then the next day it's like now we're not doing that then I'm gonna start we're going to Tahiti on holding. It's like no other Just drunk shop. That's me. Like I unfold as day night had booked like a department holiday to like magaluf or something like that. Let's just be okay if we just booked it now and put down a deposit for next year old be a tenor and everyone will have to go because it will be book. And then when I woke up, I was like thank God. Nobody took that seriously because that is a nightmare to you too Sandy. I see no, I'm a Jeremy I was all for me. Jimmy wasn't it at the night. Sandy was one Putin footer he was but he was put in that town of deposit their own butts and he's still want to do it the next again d That's the big difference. Anyway, Jimmy doesn't he's talking sense. Are they going to do it? Are they not? Who knows? Let's find out later on. But first we're going to go to Julie and Kirsten a bit of a black-and-white iconography. Did you see this here? Julie and head to toe black Kirsten head to and white as Because the castings good usually do did you leave the body? But again Julie looked smokin hot. I love the new haircut is great. It does look great. Just let you know how that is. Just going to be drink of water. And then that will be her completed our toast situation so you can actually hear her talking about never seen those see no to a job. Thank our fellow no killer. We're at left-back guys. Just going to pick some soup. And we're back in business. And yeah, I find it so weird when Julie's trying to be all Pally. I just find it so off-putting they him. It makes me feel a bit like no no. No, I find it. So weird that like the Cooper's both of them seem to think that it's the cohens responsibility to find them a job, right but both of them and but yeah, it's even weirder like why doesn't really just ask Caleb for the job because she dead and then kill absurd or Kirsten's decision. I suppose that It's good in a way. Well is it or is it have not want to give Julie the job and say no, you better ask Kirsten. No one that gives give me like not other work for her. Yeah, she is not very nice to me. Nope. She the meaning and right this next scene what the chef is going on this Daddy. What is going to be fun? Why not actually going on that's watching it right in my nose is like writing all this stuff doing about chili. His Escape was a friendly and there's no conclusion. There's no introduction who this guy is what is relevant says we these come from everyone is just laughing at it's so weird that they're being like, who's that? They kiss this guy. I know and it's not even like, you know, I feel like all it had to take was summer be like, oh, this is Danny. We have AP Chemistry together or something like that. Like it just needed a little but it was just this guy who I vaguely recognized know who has Is he because he's a famous guy? Yeah, he's gone on to do other things hasn't he? I feel like I remember from I think he was in that seven issue. I think when Eric so when Topher Grace left at 7:00 is sure they had one more season to remember this. You don't want your son to surprise never seen that I think when Topher Grace left at 7:00 is sure there was one more season and I think this boy Danny is the person who took over the geeky space. They are it left. I also feel he's been in like she's all that are like hey, Something I feel like it's Scooby-Doo. Like I came to something Scooby-Doo situation. We should elect and his ingenious. I'm going to look at it. No, do they want to look at now? Is that okay? Yeah. I hope we're going to find out because he's like a tiny character. Danny is an easy that you'll see you'll be pleased to know that on my keyboard sounds off, but I don't deserve. Okay. His name is Brett Harrison goodness. Name people at home play along. Okay, all filmography. Let's go. He's been 32 Productions. He has been nine years. We'll see you in Valhalla Love Bites the Chicago sex. I'll just keep naming. Please. Tell me when you know anything V All That Glitters Reaper deal the loop That 70s Show that all see grounded for life. That seems to be as big one 65 episodes. No Boston public. Everybody's doing it Law and Order another thing called Orange County which isn't there isn't no see he's actually not been an anything good. Hmm. Sorry Brett. Basically, he's been an sweet fa but it was very recognizable. Yeah, so the next scene no wait, I've got things to say about this. Okay. Oh, yes. Some are says he's the funniest guy ever which is soon as she says I'm like Seth isn't not gonna like that like a funny guy Seth was the funny guy and no he's not but like you said literally nothing this boy says is in any way remotely funny then it's a totally different type of humorous, but they're all laughing like they're going to pull their pants like that like like she says something like I'm going to go to the toilet and he's like don't fall out. And then it'll end in themselves. I don't get yeah, I mean, it's not my type of humor in general. And also I felt so dropped into that scene just been like wait what what what it was ridiculously anyway, next scene Oliver and Ryan yet. What rumor the end is this like the common room that has like a pool table and some pinball machines and leather couches really nice leather surface quite like our leather sofas in our flash that's actually looks very weak the stuff that I'm sitting on now that if it was this he why Don't eavesdrop daughter dad. Uh, what a coincidence. So yeah, this is where Ryan starts picking up are all over and he does not like being needled not at all. So they're talking about being in junior year and Ryan's like I thought you were a senior has one answer a convoluted answer but he's got an answer that definitely went into my little detective notebook of who they'll actually is over. Yeah, and then what else he said, Yeah, so French Marissa's helping with his French and it's like ants for two years. He's like a year. It's so even got you go to France for a week and you pick up the basics like come on now, but also do not feel like this is a little bit unbelievable that he would make these mistakes, right so clever and he's done such a good job of tearing this group apart, but without actively tearing them apart like he's done such a good job of manipulating her. As an enlisted such a good knob such a good job at manipulating himself into the center of this group that these seem like simple mistakes. Yeah. You've your the wrong year you lived in France like yeah pick a different subject greed. I mean who could really blame Ryan for decking though? Like I would I would as well, especially the Junior/Senior thing. That's weird when he's like you were a month away from graduation and it like why would he be chatting about that to the others and be like is that Here's exactly also like I still think this guy's like 35 or a ghost. So the funny guy Summers new boyfriend we get that in this next scene. Well only because that's what Seth says. But anyway, they're playing games, but Seth doesn't like them Ryan and Seth are playing the pirate ninja fighting game on their genetic PlayStation game here. Yeah, and he's like a beggar some funny. It's cheap and I'm like, yes exactly. Actly like I 100% agree with safe here. I don't do comedy. I do comedy a lot like I don't do X. I'm not funny. But I I want a lot of Comedy act like they're back. I think stand-up comedy is a real art form. Yeah, and this is not a stand-up comedy. I think the reason I don't like it is it really impacts my cringe guns because I don't want them to do badly and I just get too stressed about the bombing and meets me quite stressed. I love stand-up comedy and nobody wants to go a stand-up comedy show and Everyone to go back. I will come with you laughs how long I guess she and her friend Ian or my friend Ian owns a comedy club in Edinburgh. I just got the you know, I went really confidently there that I was going to see them. I don't think I could my crunch glance would explode not doubting their comedy, but I thought I'd find it too stressful find someone else. Well, I love sort of Comedy Seth gives Ryan to sarcastic option. He's of what he could do option one break into the file room and find out if there is something going on option to forget about it and move on to the fajitas like he plans to and so obviously right angles for option one. Yeah, it was obviously always going to do that. As soon as it got mentioned. I was like, he's definitely going to do that. Can we just pause and talk about fajitas for a moment? Always one of my favorite questions to ask the people that you work around is what you have for dinner tonight. Okay, I don't know why the basic question but I'm not starting a conversation. I am literally I just want to know quick fire round what you have read under tonight. Go go go go go, right. Yeah, just get some ideas. You see what's up see what people are enter and a lot of people enjoy for he has no I enjoy for years with the best of them, but I would never make for he has on like a Tuesday night. Oh really like after he has like a Friday night Saturday night Sunday afternoon. He'll do you know, what pause that thought I'm gonna miss it. I lie and say that I want for you is for dinner. You keep going anyway, I was just like feet and you know why it's because of the number of balls that for he is takes up. There's too many agreed. We're em, we're veggie in our house so I can hose Ali eat me outside the house, but whom we don't eat me and honestly, so you've got like one for the latest one for the guacamole one for some salsa one for this. One theme for this are creamed one for the actual fajita bit one for the cheese one for the Doritos and then your two plates that you actually offer. Yes as too much is too much and some people say, oh just keep the sour cream and the guacamole and its packaging. No, it's gross and your table. Are you an animal? Yeah. Absolutely. No, I'm yeah, it's anyway, so That's really if anyone wants to make me some fajitas and take me to a comedy show. Do you know I have really got into though is putting getting some Doritos and question them up and like breaking them up and putting them in there for heaters in young women. I like rice. I know that's kind of a pretty little thing but I like racing off a heater. I'm not mad at it. But anyway and god, let's move on from the fajitas, I guess and it's Orion's breaking into the school. Yeah. As you work in a school. Yes, how easy is it to break into a file room? Yeah file rooms, but I've read and I've actually written this as a serious breach of GDP are leaving that photo room unlocked and verses before gdpr. But but also see we go into the room it's dark and then there's just loads and loads of boxes there. How does he manage to just find the right box and for it to conveniently be at that all section? Well, yeah, it's all over I think the Guest most unbelievable thing about this is that it would be that well organized you like this would in a normal school literally just be piles and piles and piles of paper that someone has put until like maybe cardboard boxes and has Loosely arrange some kind of there's no way they would be in filing cabinets. Like it's just not also there's also I just don't believe that that door wouldn't be locked. I know it definitely wasn't 100% enemy it gets cold It Gets Busted by the guard. Who were you doing in here? But then also right just thinking about his motives. So he's broken in there. He's looking at the fail if he did find out something from that fail. It's not like he can tell anyone because then they'll just be like, well, how do you know that well to which you have to then see a broken and found the file? I don't know. He doesn't take the file like see when people see whatever people break into file rooms right next to a meat and then they stay in Vietnam like you are literally I setting dark like Take the file with you. If it was that easy to break n Go and grab it leave. What are the channels? So got this book from moloch argued. The guy thinks you're already and getting the book from your locker and then if it's not easy to break and break and put it back like so weird ridiculous. Anyway, he gets caught that leads to dr. Kim's reappearance. Yeah. Dr. Kim doctor told him. Dr. Kim. We like dr. Kim. We don't win the end of the episode. Well, I like dr. Kim. I really love Ryan who's meant to be 16 years old or don't really last no, can I you've got to talk about how he speaks like an adult? Yeah. I just like I just really don't like that Kent. I believe how much I hurt this kid. You're also a kid and he's made the older than you. Yeah, so weird and then it also says something else weird at that point about like like he uses a real adult phrase but like history of mental instability or so. I don't know. I just thought I was like, this is not Like a child in a meeting no with the principal who has the general against to do that. Like if you've just broken and got caught who has the confidence to turn around and be like, well, actually I read in his file that Malala I know really weird. No, but that's the thing. Well, actually I read in his failed at a day. He keeps hanging up my girlfriend so - that's exactly how it would come across. It would not come across how it comes across here, which is Ryan Being Dead Calm and cool and collected and being like, well, actually I don't like this kid. I don't trust him. Like the just the whole vibe is wrong of this scripting. Yeah, but it turns out all of us left the old school his previous school because there was a girl there who filed a restraining order against him. Yep, and subsequently he slit his wrists, right? Yes and was found in a school bathroom. Yes. Now that's kind of touches back on what we speak about or we have spoken about previously about the idea of not eavesdropping. Hmm and it's kind of what you just said. Like what was he expecting to do with this information know that he had it like he knows this now he can't tell anyone. No, it's just so weird. But now that he's been pulled out an office maybe can tell someone what else are everyone like know that he's been caught it might as well just tell everyone and why but then he doesn't miss her and be like, oh, so I've got detention because I broke in and I mean doesn't make him some quite well, I broke into his file because I was worried about you and then his fail it says this mmm Like that would be a good opportunity to see that but see I'm so conflicted in this episode because I was like I can see this from both sides because if if my boyfriend and high school came and said that to me I would be like you are unhinged like you have a lost the plot. Yeah, you don't hinged I can dump you but also thanks for giving me a heads up for this guy who's clearly unhinged to MMM. Yes. Well, I don't know anyway silence Seth. Yeah to take it from Bright Eyes nice gift Ms. And then I don't know why I've written hahaha. No probably because I've written Danny this guy's the worst. So Danny must do something. Yes. Oh that's that's is the bet with their you've got something on your shirt. Say, oh my God. Yeah. I hate Danny. I am so much. I mean, he's harmless compared to hear some of the others all of our spicy like Danny is just a wet cloth. Oh, I would Donnie over on Oliver any day but it just at least Oliver's clever, but also he's not funny and it makes me think that they're all thick as well because they all think it's funny and I'm like, why do y'all think this is funny? Do you know what I really feel is about the me. Okay, I don't get it. I feel so Emperor's New Clothes about it because I'm just like it's not funny. I don't get it. I don't think that's the same thing though the same but different it's not really the same like just as you do like to know what their says. This is. Mrs. Brown's Boys. Oh, that's what that says. That's as people being like ha ha ha. Mrs. Brown's Boys Christmas special and everyone. That's like got half a brain is like that is absolute trash. Yeah, I don't think I don't think we're the demographic it seemed but I don't that's why I'm saying I don't think that Seth and Anna and summer and Melissa are the demographic that Danny is aimed at that's the exact point that I'm making but Anna makes good point. She says that Seth is jealous. She gets it. She sank thinks that Seth is jealous that summer has a boo-boo Ooh, because otherwise, he should just be happy for her. Yes, embrace the friend. Yeah. I also really noticed that Anna's safer walking one way and then they bump into Danny and then start walking the wrong way. They start walking back and themselves. Like, where were you going? Mmm change trajectory of where you were walking to that really irritates me sometimes like this as most evident and I've been to see not much at the school that I work at. Scotia was excellent. The what's excellent the skill show. Oh, excellent, but one of the worst things is when you go and see like amateur theater at our high school theater, and if not, they don't stick to the established entrances and exits on the stage. It's very frustrating. So like if you're directing for the stage, which I have done before and I high school capacity and but you need to establish like we're the imaginary entrances and exits are like, so for example, we did The Sound of Music We had an interior set that was inside of the Von Trapp family home and we had to decide which side was the where the door was dragon and you have to stick to that. You can't have a random folk just coming in from wrong anywhere. Yeah, and it really annoys me when you see like inconsistencies and TV shows people's movement. Yeah, like I mean things like that we know we've got beef with continuity. And yeah sure. Anyway we go to the lighthouse we did they're talking about what they did. Does it make it better? They're going to have the finest scotch and only one martini on the menu and live music and a raw bar. I don't know that is meister's maybe you guys are so I don't know and then off to types of meat. Yeah, they discussed the meat will have a little tough about whose Meat Loaf is better and then they decide over have to meet wolf says quite beautiful, isn't it? Yeah. Have you ever had meatloaf? So my first ever job when I was like 15 Was in a delicatessen tent and I used to work behind the counter and we would sell like meat so you put meat since I images, but then you'd also sell like sliced cooked meats. One of them was meatloaf and I remember like you would cut it and it smell amazing like it smells so good like really delicious then I tasted it one day and was like, but don't like it. So I find me a little bit confusing because I'm like what smells great but I don't like it. Hmm. I've never had he not know. But it's one of those like American things a very American like it's the most American dinner. I can think of I think it's quite a cheap meal. I think that's why it's so famous meatloaf and sloppy joes. Oh, yeah, sloppy. Joe. That's the two most American things. I can think of food-wise so we cut to Julie and it looks like she's nailing it. She's bossing it. Yeah, she's doing good, but it turns out she's bossing it in karstens office. Hmm, and I'd say Julie is good. This like it always has kind of been our thing though. Like we've always seen her do a lot of aesthetic stuff from under the Christmas tree and it great. Yes and it and then the eggs, you know night. Yeah Cotillion like we've seen heard or a lot of event designing anything. So it's in her wheelhouse. I thought was about mean of Kirsten to be like, you've got no experience. Yeah, but it kind of does your aesthetic plan is very very different the karstens. I imagine would be I don't want to say likes candy Chic but like simple simple good Yeah, we'd as Julie's is definitely more like Windsor's at Buckingham Palace Maids opulence appeal and yeah, she wants their these hydrangeas love a good hydrangea and but Karen is very aware that like this isn't going to get done on time and but Julie put Scott really good observation being like we want this to be like an aspirational brand what to spend money to make money like given some good business buzzwords. Yes. So I was a bit like I can hope that Julie nails at here. Like I think this could be good the most unbelievable thing about their scene for me was the suggestion that Kirsten didn't know the word aspirational. She was like is that even a word? I was like, what are you doing? What I've written next is absolutely Hiding Place Ryan. So where was he hiding? It must have been like behind every color or something. This is when he was looking at them where they stand at the locker is where they were standing. Lockers and all of our guests Modesta a letter now at this point having seen those see before and knew what the layer was. Yeah. I knew that already so that kind of made a difference obviously less time watching it. I was like, this is all just like a circus for no reason. Yeah. Yeah, however, but then I was like if he is giving her a letter I was like, there's no way anyone be so brazen. Season two right someone who's in a relationship a letter to be like, I love you. Yeah like that which is not I don't know. So when he was looking at the locker to like steal the letter I was just like me, what are you doing? Like first of all what huge mass of betrayal of trust second of all breaking and entering not good when you've already got a record on top of that I'm like, what are you again? What are you going to do with that information? If you read that letter O that is going to do is You look like a psychopath because you've stolen the letter. Yeah, I know I get yeah, but see later on when they're in the pool house and he has the letter I have written a hundred percent. I would have read it. Yeah me too like definitely. Yeah, I don't think I would have stolen our torch, you know, maybe I maybe would have stolen it embed it but I definitely would have brought it up. I would just store that and I think in all honesty a reality of what I would have done is I would have hung about and tell she was at her locker the next time she went enter and then I would go. Oh, what's this? Oh, that's good. And then like pull it out and then your tactics one time when I was a boy friend that used to have us to when I first started going out with them and they were driving somewhere and he was like, oh, well, you just post this if I stop at post box where you jump out and post that and he handed it to me upside down. It's like with the address on the bottom so I can't And I was like a soon as I got it that's kind of going to look at it. And when I looked at it, it was a letter to his ex-girlfriend. So I've been in this situation. Okay, David didn't steal it back over his locker all I'm actually like speak to us what that cared. I know and I just got back in the car and I was like, I got it I sat down and I said did you honestly think I wasn't going to look at who that was too and then he was like oh and then like the side saying all this stuff and I was why are people so idiot and to be fair? It wasn't a letter. It was a birthday. A card, right but fair enough. I was like hmm. Okay. Anyway, Ryan Sandy and Kirsten Ryan is in trouble trouble. Kerstin is like we were it actually you worked so hard to get into the school. It's all that like, why are you throwing this away? Why are you acting like this what's wrong with you that you need to think about the consequences of your actions and then buying goes to that or you're going to kick me out. With me thing. I'm Sandy. It's just like you're a part of his family and you're going to feel the full weight of that. Yeah, which I thought was quite a nice way to discipline someone and he was like you're gonna wish that we kicked you out and I was like Sandy as so hot when he's given people a row lucky as though you're like me. I got me baby why God so I did not say that anyway, of course Seth overheard. All of that can help but overhear, you know, what your cause you were listening for to then actually goes on to admit. Yeah. Yeah. Ryan has the letter and Seth's quite upset about their Seth like no like why have you done this? This is terrible. She's definitely going to break up with you when she finds out that you take it out. You need to put it back Sally's like a fairly good friend. Yeah. It's like let's treat acne is like no, let's not read it going put it back. Yeah, I agree. You're scaring me. I think he says it's something you're freaking me out of freaking me out. Yeah after certain Ryan what you do admit what? Didn't make but then when you reach up and then it fades to black out like what did I say? And that's the thing looks Som, like right now you're giving him a run. Hen being Oliver. You're giving all of our run for his money. Jake's talks about Oliver being like crazy the ice crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway Seth's not here for that. Yeah, and then we've got Julie crying. I thought Faith to her. I thought she was fake crying and then I realized that she was real crying and I was like, oh, she's just not very good. That cry acting she's bitten off more than she can chew. Kerstin consummate professional. We fix their sand Julie's all like no we can't but care sounds like you've got to be ready to work get your hands dirty like we can fix this. I don't know. Like I feel like part of me would be like, yeah. You're right you messed up. So yeah, but then I always say that so I used to have this with somebody that I used to work with who kept making not making mistakes were just like Not doing things and making mistakes and it kind of got to a point where I was like this is really really stressful because you're getting paid to do a job and you're not doing it you're making mistakes. You're like constantly forgetting to do stuff and I'm having to cover for you and I'm having to fix it and I'm having to like defend you to a client and part of you does kind of want to be like just leave them to drone like they a big mistake happen so that they will get the bloody sock and then yeah someone bear it. But it does get to a point where you're like well for the team you can yeah select on me a little bit Yeah, so I imagine carelessness probably in that place where she's like, yeah. You're probably right. That's that sounds about right? Yeah, because if it quacks up, it's her dad that will come down on her be like, why didn't you have a handle on it? It wouldn't be chilly. They would face the repercussions. Hmm the joys of being a boss like a boss. Anyway, someone has laughing again. Daddy is the word. I've just written this guy is annoying. Fudge like so annoying. I can't even remember what's happening at this because I was so over it. I was just like - I hate down it. Yeah, that's awesome friend. Anyway, then we move to Jeremy. Sandy is happy. I love this story line. I'm really excited by it. I know it's completely unrealistic. If you're not going to go into business or some of those. Don't try to snow go did to knock your way three months earlier, but that aside I love this story lane. That they're going to go into business together. No, but then the space where they're not going to go into business. This is where Jamie's like no, I need more time. I need more time and then Sundays like okay. I've got an idea. Let's wait till we're dead. Yeah, and I was like, oh, oh nice. I like I quite like the fact that Jimmy is being really to the last Clips with Jamie has been really sensible. Like he's saying really why things he's like, yeah, that's like almost makes up for him stealing all those millions of pounds from those people. Mmm. Get over it. Carry Sunday has God. But like I like the fact that he's like so if you invest in all of this does that mean I work for you know, like yeah, what is this? Look he's thinking about the consequences of the actions, which is something he clearly wasn't doing when he was stealing money. So it's like he has learnt from his mistakes. Yeah, you could see it like that suppose and Oliver catchy is Ryan going to put the letter back and to Marissa's Locker later date back to Lester and Kiki and he says, oh, that's it. That shows a lot of trust between you do you think he knows that he's got left three hundred percent. Okay, how would you know because he like he knows that he's given it to Marissa like he knows and the simple fact that outcome of later gate he knows. Okay, so he knows that he's driving Ryan crazy. But yeah, so then at what I find is weird about this has this then means that he never puts the letter back in a locker like he doesn't just wait till all of our walks away. Which is what you would do no with no no, no. No, what you would do is look comes along and looks like I hate that kid. I'll drop the Great Gatsby. Just give me the word and then you'd be like, right. Well actually look here's the thing look at that ass and you would give it to Luke and you would still look and then you would say so I'm just going to put this back in cover me for a minute and then he was put the letter back. You would have someone who's seen the proof. Yeah, and the letter would be back. Yeah, the only thing as can you trust a look to not seeing And I think you can looks been good in the past two days was changed to shoot Lee. I love lik such did I also love look knows. Well, I told you that everyone comes around to look to that Nazi. Their Reserve is thought I was like, I feel like look gets back. I also love the fact that he can clearly see that Oliver. What is it? He says like he's here for Marissa. Yeah. He sees it God. I just I love Luke and he's weird little curtains. I love them. I do love that. You call something great guys. I think that's a nice callback to the The episode with the dad remember we talked about how looks actually quite clever and like to they make a literary reference like to call all of our Gatsby. Yeah. It's spot on like that's exactly who he is unlike him summer referencing Madame Bovary was weird. Remember that God that feels like ages ago. I know it was a lollipop girl outfit. Yeah candy striper candies, right? So next we have Danny making only actual funny. Say makes purchased but inside this is I'm Sandy and he says oh you should take a shower. I was like that is holidays. That wasn't the joke. I like that took like it's later was what was later. It's layer is layer the best iPhone funny was later. Okay, and yeah, I've just read God. I hate Danny anyway sighs all I've got for this scene Sandy comes in Danny and Seth are hanging out him and then Sandy confirms Seth spheres Fetchers. As that Danny is not funny and they talk in the kitchen and member Sandy system mole, that kid is not funny. And then he was like one of them says we mix Ryan look funny and then what I'm saying? No, it makes Marissa look funny and house like oft and then sand it even further and it's like I love your mother, but he makes your mom like funny. Yeah, she's not but she's not funny. But yeah Danny ask Seth for a fever because it turns out summer thinks that Seth It's the funniest guy ever faith and Captain or co-captain. Oh, shall we I mean obviously keep China close to our hearts on IP China and but should we take on Captain oats as our new horse mascot? I mean there's not much other. Choice to be fair to horses and we're only in episode 17. So mmm. Okay, great. I'll get a picture of him print it out get a little frame from him. I think I think I still like China bitter or we can have both so there was there will always be a place in our heart for a trainer. Yeah. Probably Danny's just trying to keep up with say if he feels intimidated he wants to be funny because he really likes summer. Yeah. So what does Most of them says but the Seth go and do tell to go back make it bigger the funnier make it more over the top can it be any more over the top apparently so not the best advice right? Remember earlier when you were talking about the principal the dean and you're like I quite like her and I was like no she is the worst right? This is because of this scene, you're a teacher you will know that level of interference. Evidence into a pupils life you couldn't do that. You look no you wouldn't you couldn't you couldn't it's not it's just not above board. No, it's not right in I can see why she's done it. Yeah, but it really would preach all sorts of Yeah. So basically what you're saying, dr. Kim hmm hard trying to Marissa means like I'm worried about Ryan and your relationship with right? No, no. Okay. No, she doesn't she says I'm worried about your Shape with one of our transfer students and she said all of our dedicated and she said I'm not talking about Oliver. Yeah. Yeah, it is Ryan. She's talking about I thought you could tell you eating that Oliver's name wasn't all of her but no, it's Ryan Famer back in the same page. I'm fine Ryan's and detention counting down. The seconds. Just some light racism from the you see being that the only other two people and attention are obviously black. Yep. Sure. Sure guys the diversity on the show is not good. Not the one is it not the one Anyway, we can go into that and another day because that's a whole that's a whole special in itself. And the rest is obviously waiting. It's a detention and I did for a second think they were going to break into her Britney Spears Hit Me Baby One More Time Ed Witten that little clock tick. Yeah, but no the line that Ryan says I did it to protect you. Like I have zero zero time for White Knight syndrome. I have no time for men thinking that they need to protect us like at all. Guess what I agree unsurprisingly. Is anyone surprised. Nobody's surprised. Nobody is surprised by that. I did it to protect you because you can't protect yourself do one Ryan. I know Ryan one. That's that's what I'm saying. This is exactly what I'm saying. I was so conflicted because I get why he's done what he's done and she has been a butthead about the whole thing. But now he's done something. He's gone too far. So bad that I that I can also see why she would be like no Ryan like just know. Yeah, but it's exactly what's there for seeing like everything safe said about if you read that later like you need to just go with it. Like what can you do break in and read his file or just ignore it and like like move on. Yeah, he chose him. He made the wrong decision and it's laid him down this path where no, he looks like that guy that Seth was describing when he's like, you're skeeving me. You're really oh you're giving him a run for his money totally. Anyway, it all comes to a head when he's like, what's this then Larry GE fills out the letter and I was like she Love with you that letter C when she turned around and was like that letter was to Natalie. He's invisible girlfriend and honestly burst out laughing. It was just love quartz. It is all of her so clever. I have no problem with bad guys and shows when they're clever like get they've got but all of her solo. I just hate him. I love absolutely love I could bad guy love a good backup not in like a sexy and I gotta love him but like as a character, I love a good bad guy, especially when they're smart and conniving and sneaky like and the whole thing is like Ryan their needs to outsmart him. I'm glad he do it. I love it. I love that can't actually remember now thinking about her for has downfall ultimately as I can't wait to find out anyway is that it's like Ryan actually gets bumped off then two steps CDs one and it's all over that continues on to The Break-Up. They breathe she can't do this anymore. I can't do this anymore do this anymore. How many times have you said that in your life Kyle? I mean I can't I just can't do it anymore. No, so that's not mine. I might need to cut this out cuz that it's great. Actually. It's a great story. Maybe I'll keep it in and when I was breaking up with an ex-boyfriend and a really mellow dramatic fashion, I said something like he said something like oh, but we're in love love should make it work and I said something along. You know, I think the exact words where love can't fix everything really melodramatic words like that. We broke up and then I bumped into maybe like four months later six months later and he had it tattooed and he's armed. Frank what's elbow maybe in like high tall? Is that are you joking 3 centimeters tall? Right. I tell me your kids and all know I can paint you a picture of you on my god when you see someone with a tattoo and their arm that says love can't fix in everything probably makes boyfriend. Oh my God. I don't know what to say about that moving swiftly on Haley. Wow, weird to iconic a people getting tattooed on each other. They John Lennon Jesus Christ. Anyway, flippy-floppy because Marissa is also right that's must have been about how my mind was like, I didn't know whose side I was on. Yeah, I thought they were both right there were both wrong. Yeah, and it's the next morning is Kirsten's here looking better. I think it might be you know, what though? I don't think I hear ever I thought but that's because I thought I've not actually written something about how horrendous are here loss. I don't think it looks good. I just don't think it looks terrible. Yeah, I think it might be the slight curl really we've to or maybe it's got better. The highlights aren't quite as a variant. Yeah, maybe our bulbs grabs our attention with it was ridiculous and it just looked stripey. Yep. In fact Amy said that the other day me in me hat all the sort of the week from a few weeks ago was like, yeah this woman tears Metals one of the guy and Stephen Twitter. I'm sure it said like he know can't see anything other than Kirsten's bad here every time you're watching this. You're welcome. What do you see now? What is the scarf about that Seth winning doesn't even go with his outfit. I feel like it was kind of doctor who like Baker Vibes sort of thing. So weird kind of when they're in the kitchen. Hmm and Seth says something about Bubba Bubba blob and but it's a picture up and he says Marissa's not picking me up and then everyone looks at each other. I was like, can they all like Sixth Sense the fact that they've broken up like what? Why is everyone looking at each other than that like yeah sort of way. Like if she's got an appointment. It was old. Yeah. I was like the definitely can tell that there's been a break up anyway and Julie speaking out Julia's freaking out. She's like has he called? Oh my God, why have we not heard from Allah and then and walks Caleb reading letters certain through meals - doing business is a business man and turn doing business and he loves it killer of likes it. It's simple simple classic simple as good. So obviously karason has fixed it all for Julie care since done it all herself, but Julie is getting the credit for it. And he says like Julie's head out the park on her first swing we found her girl. Well, I don't get the impression that Kirsten's done at all. I get the impression that they have done it together, but it's been worth Kirsten's vendors. Yeah, so it's Kirsten style like stripped back like simple and Julie's had to just I still think Julie dead. Participe. Yeah, but it wasn't well suppose that's when they should in water fainting when Caleb leaving and he's like, what is that? Have you lost your mind? Yeah, that looks terrible. Yeah, and that's the set up for the next couple episodes. Isn't it? Julie and Karen are going to be working together? Yeah. Oh fun. Can't wait till then Kirsten and German Sunday as well. They've come a long long way from last night. We talked about is absolutely ridiculous that both of these things are happening and someone said she doesn't like like the new bigness that Danny has found Seth has sabotage sabotage and I thought in this moment she is so cute. Like see when she's like well like I thought it was a good one. And she does that we can have face for she like smiles and nods her head and I just thought you reach a bell sin are adorable like you had a daughter, but I just I just I don't pick up and I'm not that bothered and she's I don't laugh when he started humping that person going into class that The only Danny draw cat laughter your joke and I was like second my mouth a little bit of that was like no like humping jokes and poop jokes and like fart jokes. I but at least like that Jamaica gets right in front of your eyes. All the other jokes have been like yeah what hmm. No, no all good. And then we have starts when they're walking down the corridor starts the ultimate teen angst. Next song is this demon races Hannibal. I love that album, actually. Oh great album and with my stepfather Anna and Seth are in the same scarf because who cares and summer dresses off with Oliver and ansatz Seth or we're in the same scarf. Rachel. Sad not meet you Rachel. the dark day is that right y'all and what's her name summer bloody how but somewhere inside walk down the public forget everything else some of them saith walk down the corridor and then as when the lane is still a little hard to see what's going on and she like looks and he looks and it's like oh what's going on no I mean that was a joy to watch you saying that you were very there's a lot of native women a lot of Animation I'm sorry lessons that you can do if you close your eyes and think about it you'll get there and Jimmy Jimmy runs in doesn't eat Jimmy as any he is going to say and then I've written as Sandy mental I just thought this was such a nice moment when Jimmy's like I could feel again and then Sandy's like could but it's going to be okay like he's like reassuring how does he know but how does he know - Katie those scary taking big chances and like scary when you pick your business partner who's embezzled like millions of dollars and then you start a restaurant with them. But yeah, we kick into the Thrills Big Sur another tune song in the moment as I show in The Chins and the past two episodes. Hoods three episodes have been banging the gear. Mmm, really good anyway, and I've got an A for fall over. So I have written all of our is a king cycle. Mmm. An actual medical student I've also done so there's a speck releasing like a we just connect this is that like some things are just meant to be and some things aren't meant to be and just you and Marissa you just weren't meant to be you're forgetting. I love to straighten he as an effing see but I've written the c word in huge letters and underlined of a girl knows the fact he uses that thing like we're from different worlds, which is what the officer we talked about in the first couple episodes. But yeah Ryan's like I'm not gonna let this happen What You Gonna Do me? What what are you actually going to do but it's a fact that like Oliver is totally like set him up and building up and building up and get pushing and get pushing and and then the attacks of what was it you said is like don't blow it over some chick you're not going to care about and ten years and that's what pushes Ryan over the edge to punch him in the face, but create interesting like Ryan is not Ryan's quite Noble despite often punching people, but this is the first time he's like a attack them from behind which I think is worst. Like I think that really showed that Ryan had like lost at like he waited till he started to walk away and then he was like not like I'm gonna smash you and he didn't smash them really as much as I wanted them to I was like, yes get on look actually give them face death or effed up with Melissa. I know like there is no way and but it sounds like doing that whole like like look and myrrh bag massive ice being liked. Right. What do you thinks gonna happen next? I was just thinking I don't know like what combine actually do that? He's probably going to get suspended because he broke into the failing office and he's just beating him up and now he's punched him. Yeah, like he's probably going to get suspended if not expelled and that leaves coming back checking it out and we will never fully know. I think she's entirely fictional. How do we fix? I can't remember how all of our guests for I think they're definitely going to find those pills. One day. Yes. Someone's going to find a think maybe from Marissa. Maybe might find the pearls and be like, what's this? Yeah, maybe what I think is going to happen next. I think it is going to be Ryan trying to come back from the fact that everyone thinks he is unhinged and but Luke will be on his side. I think we'll get a lot more look and Ryan moments, which I'm really excited about because I love look. Yeah, I think Seth and Anna are going to wake up. I think it's going to take like five episodes or something bloody forever or him and summer are going to start going out. He's gonna start cheating on Anna with Summer. There's definitely that love triangle is not not finished very excited about Sandy and Jimmy's new restaurant together. That's going to be great cannot wait to see any moment. I cannot wait to see because you know, that's going to be an episode right hundred percent. I cannot wait to see Kirsten and Julie rip each Hero at work because I don't think that's going to end well, I wonder though they may get along do you think yeah like they make because because Kirsten and Julie have this weird closeness sometimes that I'm like maybe they will just get along maybe anyway, do you know it's time for the du du du du du du the week has been chosen by Heather this week's list of the week is going out to Louise McClain my friend, you know the weights, right, you know of the he's not you were starving carrier. Maybe I contact with right now. I don't know if I do. Okay. Well, she's great and she messaged me the other day just be like what's wrong with you? Why can't you remember people's names? So yet. Thank you Louise right? She's just seeing how many people are thinking and but she's been a firm supporter of this podcast since the start and we love and appreciate. You very much Frank Lewis. Keep listening. Thanks. I think she liked Banks them up as well and then does a little binge every so often been she was listening to it on the flight back from Belfast, but that's my other half on the plane. Just cool randoms them, right? Yeah, it was even worse because she messaged me and was like, guess what I've just bumped into and I replied thing Louise because I was thinking this is Louise and she's seen Ali and I got confused and she was like no Ali. I'm the Oh he's and they Murder She was like I've been listening to podcast what's wrong with you the names and I was like, I know you're a name it she's like well from the start this conversation you clearly don't tough. It's tough being me. It's tough being a cop. So yeah Louise Louise. Well Lulu we use surely not Lau. He's Louise. Well, he's blue. He's Louise and list of the week might drop. Congratulations. okay cool Jesse same time next time see ya and I mean it depends you might need to wait a week or you listen to this later and then you can listen to the next one straight away yeah and just you know what you know what show out specifically to you benge listener who is going to go from this straight into the next episode I appreciate that I can't promise I won't be eating a slice of toast at the start of the next episode okay bye