I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know. Her friends are under his whole fucking stupid things might to leave really last minute and it was like Friday morning when I found out but I obviously had like a fucking meltdown. I was just like, oh my God, but then and this is what I was saying actually Friday night to all of you on my Instagram story that I want to reiterate that. It's really often that when these things like happen in our life. It's super easy for us to just like try and like suck it up and I even caught myself like don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry, but actually in that moment I I needed to cry and really Purge so that I could be like, all right, we can do this because if I was bottling it up, it wasn't going to help me find any place and I was going to explode later and it would have come out in some other manifestation whether it was sickness or that kind of thing anyway, so basically I was like trying to find a place to live and which is obviously really hard last minute especially because you know, and I talked about this for anybody that has their own business your environment is everything so, you know, I Work from home majority of time and right now I am because like I'm fucking working from this home case you haven't seen um, so no reason to ever leave mums. Like it was a coronavirus. I'm like, I'm talking to that if there's get corroded virus hits. I'm good. I'm a hibernation. I can stay in here forever. Anyway helicopter. Oh my God guys random ass fucking fact in New York. If you go into the Uber app, you can now get a new Burr fucking helicopter. There's buildings now with the helicopter lands and then you get a helicopter to your home. I'm just like wow. What the fuck anyway here for it. So I spent like a while trying to find an apartment and I found two different apartments this one and another one and this one was like a joke. I was actually out on Friday night having drinks with a friend and he was like, why don't you just check at me and be I was like, nope. There's nothing on Air B&B. I've already checked. There's nothing last minute. It's all shit, and he was like, okay, let's just check and he was kind of convincing me. Like, you know, you might like Williamsburg and I'm like no, I'm not a Brooklyn person. Like I don't go across the bridge and like I'd actually like never been to Brooklyn. One pot of Brooklyn which is more like Suburbia family where my cousin lives I'd like never been to Williamsburg. And even though I was like lived here and I grew up here never been. Well, I can't remember everything anyway, and so we looked on Airbnb and I found this place and I kind of was like as a joke. I was like on the last three digits of it was eight eight eight and I kind of as a joke and I would like you see the really expensive places and you go in and just like you like I'm not gonna obviously fucking rent here, but you go in just to have a squiz that was obviously what I was doing. And I was like, you know, I was out to kill a down. I was like, let's just go and have a look and so I was having a look and I was like, yeah, actually I do this one and I was totally joking around but a part of me was like, oh I imagine if I could anyway, so I messes the chick and I was like, can I just come and view it? I'm thinking about, you know, renting your apartment for a month and she was like, yeah, I could have tomorrow at 3 p.m. Was it great. So books that in and then I was kind of like I wanted to come and see it but I really didn't think I was going to get it. I went to go see the other apartment that I was thinking about getting in Chelsea. And it just wasn't a Vibe and the vibe is really important for me because I need to show up with a hundred percent of the vibe for my clients because otherwise I'm doing that a massive disservice right? I need to be in my best fucking energy for my business to thrive in for my clients to get the best results and for me to also stay really like healthy anyway, and so once this Chelsea Place and like the ceilings were kind of low and it was actually quite nice but you had to get the furniture fit out like done and they have a company that they hire that comes in and does all the furniture so it's really Nice, but I phoned the company that does the furniture and they don't do Sunday's like most people don't restart these bits New York some places still do and they were like, no we don't do fit-outs on a Sunday. So I was like, well fuck that's off. That's awful. I can't do it then anyway, so I came to this one. I can't decided kind of before I came of like, you know, what I'm going to fucking do it. Like I was scared guys. I want to preface this of spending a lot of money is scary like it really is and this was a whole new level that I had never spent. I never thought I would ever Spend this on accommodation. Like I'm like as if anybody would spend that like kind of thing like, you know what I mean? Oh my lights go off anyway, and anyway, so I kind of I kind of like it half decided before I had even arrived that limited time. I try to sell my computer. So you get some alive. I kind of like half decided before I even arrived here of like maybe I will get this place, but I'm just talking to my friend and and I was just kind of I was really feeling into abundance, okay? Okay, so I was really like right let's let's think energy. Let's do you think frequency if I'm staying in this environment? I've tested this Theory before where I stayed in really beautiful like spaces and then because obviously for most of you you would know like I spend a lot of time traveling and last year I traveled to shit ton. So like I would test out the theory is because I would say in really really nice places and then I'd say in like nice places but not as nice as other places that I stayed up and it was so interesting that the places that were really really nice in. My environment was fucking stunning. I would make the biggest It was in my business. I'd make the most amount of money and I would be able to do the most amount of things. I would launch few things. I'd have new ideas and everything in my life was thriving when my environment was really high vibration and I just knew what these other apartments last checking out in New York. I was just like there's just these apartments don't like me have an orgasm basically anyway, so I came to this one and I kind of already decided like I think I'm just going to do what I think I'm going to make the investment because I know that if I knew if I if I'm in this fucking place, I am going to create new ideas and I'll I've already created outline for a whole new fucking course, which I'm excited for. I'm gonna start recording it tomorrow, LOL. So like I knew that if I was here I was going to have new ideas. I was going to make more money. I was going to have bigger like Transformations. I was going to get more work done. I was going to be more productive and like I was going to be able to manifest more that I wanted in my life. I was going to have more fun. I was going to have more sex better sex. Just everything. No, I'm renting it for a period of time this actually All scenario kind of taught me a lesson actually of that. I don't think I maybe I maybe I don't want to buy a New York because it sounds like even though when you buy a New York because of the co-op's which is like the people that control the buildings. It's like you can't even it's not even like your own apartment. So the friend's apartment I was staying in she owns the apartment but you're not allowed to have any friends in the apartment without her being there physically and I'm like what the fuck like it's your apartment but probably happens all the time in New York. So I'm like, that's not a Like I know that I'm someone that's going to be traveling all the time. I don't want to be like leaving an apartment and paying a mortgage on apartment and not having it being rented out like that to me doesn't make much sense. So I actually don't even know whether I'll buy an apartment in New York anymore. Maybe I won't but whatever so I'm just renting a place right now. So I really was turning into like what's my energy going to be like whilst? I'm here. And I knew I really felt in my heart and this is this is what I wrote in my post that I posted today, but like my ego was scared, of course, it was especially when I said to her I'm going to do it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to go home and pay for it. And I was I was scared like I was second-guessing myself and I had to really talk to myself. Let's talk to my ego, but I really tune into my heart and my heart was like Monica this is going to break through a ceiling for you. You are going to have so many things happen whilst you're in this house. And what's also interesting was like much for me this year in my tarot reading was a bit of a month. But the thing is it's only a month if I was not being proactive beforehand, so I made sure That january/february. I was really proactive with my energy management and clearly this whole scenario needed to happen so that I would up level so much would be a fucking amazing month and holy shit. Is it already an amazing day? It's a second of March and like they're already off to a bang and start. So anyway, I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary, but you need to do this and what I do want to quickly say as well ladies and I'll touch on more later. I'm going to write some things down so I don't forget to mention them. But what I also want to To say was that I didn't just do this from like in from like a naive place of like like I'm just going to drain my bank account. No not my bank account is not drained by any means this was still I was still thinking rationally I contacted my accountant. She's like into my world as well. So she was like it's going to raise the energy like fucking go for it. She's the best. So I also I'll talk about that in a second, but I also did tune into that but I really tune into my heart because your heart knows the future it can actually sense the One of your future right? So I'd listen to my heart. My heart was like take the leap like trust yourself. It's going to be amazing. Also guy's life is meant to be enjoyed. And what is the point of me having a thriving business and making a lot of money if I can't fucking reap the benefits of it and so I was like I'm going to fucking do it because this is a once-in-a-lifetime come not at once a lifetime but like my Paris my Paris what's a cold apartment is already locked and loaded so I was like, you know the next time I could I could rent something like this would be you know, September ish time. That's a long time away. So I just made the decision of like trust myself go with it and like a little bit of YOLO. Fuck it right not from like a nice face, but like you kind of are sometimes say it to your ego with like fuck it. I'm just going to take the leap. So and what's really interesting is I went home and I did some money practices and everything to really get myself into very high vibration before I spent that money because that's really important. It's a lot of money and so I obviously wanted to make sure that I was a really good vibration. Receive it back and like we're saying it back tenfold. Like I always say always say when you're when you're charging something on your card. You always want to say like and I receive this back tenfold. And so I did all that and I was trying to pay it on my AmEx business card because I would get the points at least but everyone's asleep in Australia. It was a Sunday and I had to try and get somebody in Australia to increase my limit because my limit was too low to pay this in one go and not was fucking awake and it was I spent three hours trying to like phone all these different fucking Amex number. Purrs, and people in America to try and get some get me to transfer them to a get get them a chance for me to Australia and nobody could and and anyway and even after all that I wasn't like all this is too hard. No, no because there wasn't like it wasn't like a pushback resistance. It was like it was just that I it was just a last-minute thing. Like that's where I can't think of it right a bit rationally of like it's a last-minute thing. I haven't had the chance. I haven't procrastinated. I haven't had the chance to phone somebody to get them to increase my Don't limit. I'm not self-sabotaging and the universe isn't saying no, it's almost like a little bit of a like, you know, I you gonna give up on this too easily. Is this just going to be like, oh, it's too hard to just give up and I was like, no so I just paid it like on my debit card from my bank account like my business bank account, which is fine. So that was all worked out and honestly guys when I saw this place, I walked in here to view it. I literally had like 50 if I can orgasms like I'm just like, oh my fucking god like it's got everything that I've dreamt of And and actually the email that will come out to you guys in a few hours or maybe tomorrow. If anyone I send it out is the kind of story of how I got how I manifested this and I'm going to go into it more in a second. But if I go in my Pinterest board for my 2020 manifestations like all the apart like all the New York apartment Vibes are so similar to this like I fucking manifested this it's got a fireplace right? It's got a bathtub. It's got a rain shower. It's got a balcony. It's got a stunning view. It's got lots of natural light really high ceilings massive kit. And what else beautiful view from the bedroom? It's got like radiant heating. It's got a sonar system. It's got all these things that I'm like that's my dream house. Like it's got every fucking thing that I basically need a my dream house right including the massive fucking Island bench anyway, so I booked it came here moved in and it's just obviously been incredible. I had the most fucking productive day had a beautiful client this afternoon, and I'm just like I'm just it's amazing, right that's been so much pleasure that's been had in this house already. There's just been so much like Like fucking sexual delicious energy that's in this house, which is obviously amazing for money and vibration and manifestation. So in terms of like how I manifested it, I had a download on Saturday night when I was like looking at all of like wow, I actually think that for really massive new levels, you have to break down before you can build. So on Friday. It was like I had to break down and physically but also like I had to like Purge My current environment of like kind of have being like fuck this and getting angry and kind of purging and then surrendering for me to Up level because it almost would have been like I almost probably wouldn't necessarily have manifested. It had it just been like really smooth sailing. I needed something to perch for me to kind of jolt me into like I need a fucking home. Let's go for it because that was the other thing. It was like people were asking me like like real estate agents. Do you have a budget and I'm like Well, I don't really have a budget because I don't have fucking arm. And so I found this place and it just started just seemed so perfect. It was like it's available for the whole month. It's fucking gorgeous. It's like got the my dream view, like look at this view guys. Hold on a second. I'm going to turn you around. Like look at this fucking are you currently see it because the reflection I'll show you guys later. But that's the like Empire State Building there and then as bad reflection of the what's inside and you've got like the Williamsburg Bridge there and you've got the World Trade Center there. It's just gorgeous right anyway, and so where I leave, let me just turn this back. So, you know, I really actually feel like things have to like break down before you can have massive up levels like huge up levels and what actually sometimes will have to happen to people is before they open that up a little bit. I get really really sick that can also be a way of like purging to create the space for the upper level. So I really feel like that was what was meant to happen and also that I kind of had to be in a situation where I was like fuck it. I need a fucking home and I want something bougie and just to like and just to kind of go for it. So in terms of like how I manifested this, you know, the key thing with manifesting is it if you're constantly living in a really like aligned And a really high vibration it's going to happen pretty naturally. Like I know that I'm always supported. I know that I'm always guided and when it happened I was kind of like fuck me why and my first instinct I first initial thing was like, oh my God, maybe I should just go to Paris early. That was my first thing maybe I should have stayed here for two weeks my New York event get a hotel - go to Paris early, but that was from a victim mentality. Not the truth. That was like an avoidance thing of like I should have go to Paris early because Paris is going to rescue me, right if I let you go. Don't know. I'm living in, New York. And I go to Paris when it gets hot here because I hate New York eats when I go to Europe eat anyway, and so I had my meltdown which I needed I needed to let that out. So it wasn't blocking my energy because if you're holding in that energy, it's going to block your ability to really manifest. So I had that Purge and then I went to the knowledge and hotel which by the way if anybody coming to the immersion make sure that if you haven't booked your accommodation if you want to book the knowledge and we have a discount code for you. Send me your damn. Well actually be better to send she'll be an email because she'll see it fast. And I like my ATMs a pretty close said she'll be an email. Hello Monica x.com today, you shall organize it for you. So I went to the mall eaten because I stayed there last year for a month. And I know the manager really well and he kind of has become like a little bit of a dad like broke down in front of him because I was like so upset by everything and he was really generous and showed me a room that I could say in X y&z, but you know hotel rooms are small and I was like, I don't know if I can do a hotel room for another month and I want to have no kitchen where I have to do some makeshift electric frypan scenario, like it just it was just a - there was no bath and this one it was like a smaller room and I'm like no that I was like your department and everything was just so hard to find but what was really important was that I was actually looking and actually what was even more beautiful just remember there. So I went to the newly Tim had a look at the apartment rooms the hotel rooms I could stay in and I was like, I'm going to go to the Soho grand and I'm going to sit and have a cup of tea that places always give me all the Abundant Vibes. I'm going to sit I'm gonna have a cup of tea and I'm going to go online and I'm going to fucking find a gorgeous apartment. There's got to be something it's not a busy time of year. And the lady that was setting me she actually gave me my teeth are free and she brought Mighty over and she was like, by the way, this is on me and I was just like whoa, like obviously thank you firstly and then I was just like in my head. I'm like if this isn't like a sign from the universe of like Monica do not stress about the money just get what's going to make you happy. I don't know. What was right anyway, and so I kept looking around booked in for a couple different viewings the next day and obviously I saw this one now a couple of key things. With the Manifest I always say that to my baby girls actually and any of you that are that have your own business or even if you don't have your own business actually, doesn't it doesn't it doesn't matter if you're in business or not. Hold on it is above water. I'm talking really fast. Okay. So what I always had all my clients is because people often ask like how do you like know like where to spend the most money in how spent like, how do you basically spend your fucking money? And like what is the right way to do it? I kind of had a rule that I've come up with covid. You know, what's your number one need in order for you to be of the highest vibration? That's where you want to spend more of your money and kind of save and other departments. So for example, my environment and comfort is like Short to me if I'm not comfortable. I will be a grumpy bomb. I will not do my best work. I won't shop as well all that jazz. So hence my environments really important, hence. That's why you know, I won't skimp out on like how I'm flying places, hence, you know, I just won't get skimpy on Comfort levels and me feeling comfortable because I know that if I'm feeling really comfortable and blah blah, I'll be in alignment and that's great for everything else. But what I do like not spend as much money. Iran is like clothes handbags, like hair appointments like Beauty appointments and beauty stuff. I don't really so much money on that. I'm like very basic and that department. Yeah, like my clothing situation is like pretty fucking minimal. I've got like a some nice things and then like that's kind of it. Like I just keep it pretty basic and then like I've gotten one facial in my fucking life and I go to the hairdresser's when it's time when my hair's like, okay, this is really nasty. Then I go to the hairdresser's because I actually was fine that I can do my hair better than they can't I just kind of a little fucking going Anyway, so that's where I spend more of my money. So it's really helpful for you. Ladies as well like figure out where you spend where you want us where you need to spend the most amount of money and spend it there don't spend the same amount in every fucking bracket because you know, if you want to become wealthy, you do need to still be saving at the same time. You don't want to be like ridiculously like idiotic with your money. You just flinging it everywhere and this is what I want to talk about cash flow. So if you have your own business or even if you don't have your own business your cash flow and your business or your personal life is really important. Oughtn't because if you fuck your cash flow, then you fucked yourself. So I would not get I would not have gotten this place if it fucked my cash flow. So like, you know, I knew that like it's an it drained my bank account. This doesn't make me stressed out when I look at the bank account. It was a big chunk and I'm like interesting. I'm like curious about it. But also I've really found like I think I need a little bit of a kick in the ass as well because at the end of the day like I make a lot of money and I don't have a mortgage. I don't have a family. I don't have a partner to spend it on. So a lot of my money like I spend it on accommodation or flights or whatever but a lot of it just sits in my bank account, which is totally fine because I'm saving it for things and I'm still spending it on things and it's still moving money needs to move but I think at some point nura even like around that December period I realized like, you know, the friendships are the most important things to me and they're my relationships and my fun, right? So what's the point? I don't really need to make ATK months because like if I'm if I'm not spending it on. People like a 60 came up we'll do right now that may be kind of a little bit lazy right in my mindset around money because I'm like, I'm fine. I'm not to do the money work. I'm fine and by getting this it just kicked me up the arse again to be like, right. Let's get back on the train with doing the fucking money work because this is jolted me just for like this month of like he spends a lot of money. Let's make sure that you make a lot of money this month and not and not get kind of complacent of light blue make a ton of money. So I don't have to try really hard to make more money, but the thing is like That trying it gets your creative juices flowing. It allows me to like create more and show up more and it's fun. So, you know with where was I going? So with your cash flow? It's really important ladies that you're not spending and I see this sometimes people get so into the Abundant mindset, but they fuck their cash flow in their business because they're spending it on dumb things. They're not spending it on like a business course where they know it's going to make them a lot more money. They're spending it on like ridiculous. Overheads, or first-class flights when they actually cannot really afford them consistently or ridiculous accommodation when again it's not like it's not like a little tiny bit out of the van cats like quite a big proportion. You don't want to fuck your cash flow because then you're really going to fuck your business like these Investments are things like Investments like this should be something where it's like oh out of the bank account, but it's a DOT. It's not like bark. How am I going to how am I going to keep going or how's the business going to keep going? That's really really important. So what else in terms of how I manifested I really made sure that I like really I remember walking down the street. I was like, I am supported I am guided I knew that it was for a reason and I knew that I kind of was the edited that's this court that I love and the court is sometimes your bad luck is actually a good luck. And so, you know, I'm sitting in my apartment like, you know talking to my coach and I was actually said that to myself I was like, I just remembered this like, sometimes you're bad luck's actually a good luck. So maybe this whole All apartment situation. I may have to move out and find someone new is actually my good luck. And I didn't like I'm seeing it as many bad luck, but it's actually good luck. And then I really just sat in like the knowing of like there's going to be something amazing out there. I know that I'm powerful manifester. I know the universe is got my ass like it's very fucking well because I see it all the time and then this place popped up and it was and also I think I said this at the beginning the last three digits of the like the overall price like After the car molecule or three digits was 8h, and so that was also to me like it's like enzyme. Oh my God, and then when I came to view the apartment it was the viewing was at when I came to view. It was at 3 p.m. And at exactly 3:00 p.m. It started snowing for like literally 30 seconds and then it stopped and when we came out like 310 it like shops Towing and I was just like, oh my God, if that's a lot of fucking sign. I don't know. What is it was like the same with my birthday. It's start on the morning of my birthday and A lot of amazing things happened on my birthday anyway, so that was kind of how I manifested it and I just really stood in the knowing of like I'm going to be supported like whatever happens it's fine X y&z and that obviously I'm here and it's just like beautiful and I'm very happy about it. So sometimes when things feel like they're crumbling they're actually doing you the biggest fucking favor and you really have to remember that but I also want to remind you is you have to remember that and you really have to be okay with getting really out of your comfort zone. To get to the next level because ladies I'm not gonna lie to you like it was scary making this investment of like should I do it? Is it stupid? Do I deserve it too? I need it. Like do I need it? Like am I being silly? Like this is just it's just being stupid and it's not being stupid right like and this is what's really Key by you like also using your rational mind as well as your woowoo mind. That's where the magic happens and that's why I like that's actually my superpower and an astrologist told me this is Well of like with my planets, I'm really whoo. Whoo, but I'm also and she doesn't know me at all and she's on with this and I was like you are bang on she was incredible. I'm really worried. But I'm also very rational and the two combined creates really like a like Rick a lot of power because you've got all this woo spiritual stuff, which is really really potent and magnetic but then you're not being you're not getting yourself into dumb situations because you're only in the spiritual realm, you're also like being rational and being reasonable. Questions you guys have about this. I want to answer any questions you have so dropped them in but what else it was definitely a little bit of like manic manifesting, but I don't think it was a wrong a bad thing. I actually think that it was building up over time. Oh, yeah. Another thing was that I think I think the universe was like Monica's complacent like she's just fine in her current apartment current scenario our current income brackets current spending. We need to make her uncomfortable and we need to get Her to break through a fucking ceiling and like this brought me through a fucking ceiling and it's interesting because like out because I'm not traveling as much I didn't have like I'm staying in places this year to try and figure out where I want to live. I don't have as big as expenses as last year, but last year my expenses were like, I mean my travel expenses last you a bigger this year my event like my event expenses are a lot bigger than my travel expenses, but it's interesting how like, you know, sometimes you need That giant expense to like actually put you into that next bracket and that next ceiling because what happens is I have a I have an IGT they on this it's like what's it called? Like your money blueprint something like that guys leave your questions. If you got any questions about the apartment and manifestation and whatnot and money but I I was I saying, oh, yeah, so I got a GTV about like your money blueprint that's really good that I go listen to but basically like you've got a lot a blueprint when you're born according to like what your parents were making. And if you don't break through a ceiling and that that ceiling is generally broken through by paying something way outside your comfort zone your break through a ceiling where then you're in a whole new bracket. And in that new bracket, you can make more money like more money comes through because you are of a total different energy. So I was saying this to my friend before of like, you know, at first we'll start off making the 10K months. They'll start making the 20K months and you can't expect yourself to go to like zero to a hundred K months, but what happens The time is like once you're hitting those like 60 70 80 K months or whatever. They become really normal and you don't expect anything less and that's because you're in a whole other bracket you've broken through a ceiling and therefore your ceiling is different like your ceiling is like an 80 came up there whatever and like your minimum is like a 60 came up you like I would not ever get less than this because it becomes it's not like out of an arrogant way. It becomes a normal so sometimes you need to also make their Those really scary Investments to break through a ceiling so that you can also then get those next level manifestations that you would not have been able to get if you were staying in your current ceiling. So even for you guys, it would be great for you to all reflect on like how am I in a box and how do I have a ceiling of my head? And and in what ways am I afraid to break through my ceiling because you being afraid to break through your ceiling by like getting really out of your comfort zone and spreading that massive investment whilst yes. It's fucking scary. You're not going to die. But what it does is By not spending that you really keep yourself in this fucking stuck box why this is your ceiling. Right? And all you have to do is just go to here and then you've broken that ceiling and then you're in a whole nother realm and that's really key. Like don't expect yourself to be making a lot of money and be calling a lot of wealth and be having these insane manifestations. If you're not actually willing to get really out of your comfort zone with so much trust. That's what's really important. Like if you are asking the universe for ginormous things, but you're also not like trusting yourself. Just in the universe getting out of your fucking comfort zone breaking through glass ceilings investing in things that you're super afraid of traveling to places by yourself that you're you know, you're when you're afraid to travel if you're not doing those things why the fuck do you think the universe is going to be manifestations? I did a poster like the universe doesn't present reward half-assed efforts. The universe wants you to show the fuck up and play in full. Okay, when manifesting money my partner doesn't like or believe in the rituals. I'm doing could this energy be affected by manifestations or really good question. Firstly I've got an episode coming up next week about you guys wanted this one. It was about how to navigate when your clients not into like the woowoo stuff. And and this well, so I really hope you guys enjoy that I'll be out next to Monday America Monday Tuesday Australia time. So nobody else can okay put it this way. There's two parts to this part one is that nobody else can affect you your manifestations part 2 Is that people can affect your energy if you let them so what I want to say is your husband or partner? Okay, so your partner, so if you're living together, then he's around all the time. And if you are affected by his energy then of course if your energy is affected, your manifestations are going to be affected. Right? So if you're feeling shame around your practices, they'll probably also be a bit of Shame around your manifestations. So why would you manifest at this is also like with if you need I have like a lot of Shame around like money or sex like well then why would you be manifesting in those things that you're also afraid of and they've got shame around so, you know Nicole it absolutely absolutely can be affecting your manifestations only if you let him affect your energy, so it's really important that you protect your energy and that you don't let him effect and I want to also say with this I said in the podcast you guys were like get an elaborated version next week, but what I was basically saying in there and I was saying the someone last night as well of that if you're wanting a partner that's super into we with you and that's going to fucking do candle magic and go to Tony Robbins webinars with that's like a really big priority great. That's fine. But if you're with a partner right now, that's not into that. Don't try and make them into that you needed up them and you need to go meet somebody else with that's really that much of a priority for you for most of us. If not necessarily a massive priority for most of us what we're asking for is Very different imel asking in whenever whenever I'm dating guys and seeing us I'm not asking for them to be reading fucking way this appearing in man. Right? What I'm asking for is respect that they're different things and for me, I know there's a lot of times to me. I don't actually like dudes that are really really into like all the whoo, but I like guys that respect me. That's pretty good. So what you want to also have a conversation with your partner about Nicole is Like, you know, can you respect me? Like can you respect my rituals, please? That's all you're asking for. You're asking to not be mocked up meant not be made fun of X y&z and I'm sure there are things that he does that you don't agree with right. So one make sure that you're not shaming him for those things make sure that you're honoring and respecting those things and when he comes to you and is making stupid comments about your manifestation rituals, you gonna say to him like Hey, babe, so this is exactly how you would say it. Hey, babe, so, you know, You go and do like XYZ with the boys and I'm like, yeah, like okay, you found that really fun, right? Yeah. Okay, so I truly respect you for doing that right? Imagine. If every time when you went out I made fun of you and I made you feel really shit like, okay. How would you feel right asking how do you feel? I don't know more like, okay. So when you mock me for my manifestation practices, that's how I feel because what sometimes happens is that men don't understand. The effect that they're actually having on us but when you can kind of translate it to a way they understand and they relate to them they're like, oh that would feel terrible. I'm so sorry. So all you're asking for Nicole is for his respect. He doesn't need to agree with it. He needs to just respect it. That's all and I'm sure there's things that he does that you don't believe in and you don't need to believe in them. You just need to respect them. And this is super important to your partner's ladies. You don't need to agree with everything they say, but you need to respect them. What they say any last questions that you guys have any last questions. I hope you enjoyed the little story about how I Manifest this place. It's so fucking gorgeous. There is oh my God, there's while signing the questions. There is so much magic as being created. I'm creating a new course. It's going to be like a small like really great intro course to money in manifestation and magic and it's going to be called Magic money and manifestation. So keep a lookout or probably be up within a fucking week because I publish it out. So if I could quickly, especially in this space any last questions ladies that you have for me about anything, otherwise, I will go At home and I was whining do not forget last chance for immersion tickets guys. I said before I'm going to say it again. This is my lost USA event for a long time. Visas are a bitch clearly fucking living here is a bitch. So if you want the tickets get them because I'm not doing another USA one for a quite a long fucking time. So please get on that. Okay, any last questions that you guys have today is your last day for tickets and then they are gone. I don't want any fucking tears like The Mastermind of I missed out. Snooze you lose. Okay. Any last questions any last questions? Yep. Okay. Well, I'm going to go there ladies. I hope you enjoyed it. If you just join go back to the beginning and watch it if you want and New York tickets last second chance and I'm closing them tomorrow. So this is your last opportunity. If you've got any questions about it, feel free to send me a message and I can help you kind of navigate and there's a really good. There's part two of the dating sex and me to podcast. Today as well. So gorillas. It's that all right? Okay. Well if there's no other questions, I'm gonna love you and leave you guys have a lovely day. Well, thank you so much for tuning in and I hope that you got lots of chicken nuggets out of today's episode. I would be really really grateful. If you'd be able to leave me a review and a star rating you think is appropriate hopefully five and if you can share this podcast that I can help more women live a life of flow and he's I would be so fucking grateful. Make sure you tag me in it on Instagram so I can personally thank you because I know so many of my clients. You have found me literally because their friends have posted about my podcast on their Instagram story and I just want to help as many women as possible. So by you sharing it, I would be so fucking grateful and I'm sure your friends would be too if you do want to welcome me. Please do check out my website all those details and of course you can DM me on Instagram with any other questions. If you have any podcasting Beyond me to talk about any ideas any feedback, I am always open to it and I always love hearing what you guys have to say. So, please don't hesitate about that either. I I'll catch you on the flip side have an amazing day or night Wherever You Are.