Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it. Then he's got beat out by Disney and sunshine. I mean, it's Mickey. What do you expect? Well, check out this story in Fort Myers a hospital worker at Gulf Coast hospital was arrested after being accused God. I can't even like get it out. It's gross after being accused of sucking on patients toes what that's disgusting the patient said they felt their right foot. It being touched around 11 p.m. On Monday. They assumed a nurse was checking for swelling until they were touched again and a third time this time. They felt something wet between their toes. They looked up and they saw France France fell durin 23 year-old on his knees with his head bent over the foot. Oh, what is wrong with people? Like at what point do you do you go. Do you start doing that to somebody he was a quote sitter and had An assigned to keep an eye on the toe suck he's roommate who is a Flight Risk. So he wasn't even there for that particular patient was a sitter. He's basically there to make sure that the guy in the bed next to the guy who got his toes sucked wouldn't run away. Why don't you want to talk talk talk his toes. Why didn't he want to suck that guy's toes? Maybe he the other guy had prettier feet. Maybe he wasn't interested. I don't know. He knows what he likes. That is not a question for me to answer. I think I need answers though after the victim yanked his or her we don't know if it's a guy or girl foot away the sky return to his seat in the corner of the room. He's facing charges for battery on a person 65 years or older. Yeah, that's disturbing and that poor older person. Now, we're going to get a little personal stuff. Oh geez. No, I don't suck people's toes. I wasn't gonna go. That personal I'm just gonna go feet do they do anything for you? It's a hard pass. They gross me out. Especially I found a lot of men have like the thing the like finger toes as opposed to the thumb toe. You know what I'm saying? Our longer like the finger toes are longer than the thumb toe. Is that weird? Yes. I'm not I don't like that. Mine are like like the this bar you get on your phone to see how good your signal is. It's all in the line. So just because a man doesn't have your full barf full Bartos. You think it's gross? I think it's weird if the thumb toe is smaller and the other ones are longer like if they're really long and skinny. Oh man. I want to look at my foot. Yeah just to be clear. I'm not saying like I don't like this person or would never date somebody like that. It's just I don't like that about feet. Look at that. I got full. I got full Bartos. He's at full. You. Got a full bar, Georgie everybody. Have a great cigar. Most I think I might be 5G. Oh, yeah, they are just say your yeah, that doesn't bother me. They just they're pretty normal feet. But so I mean would my toes be more like attractive to you then some just like suck on are we going are we bringing this full circle here? No ifs are my toes more attractive. There are less gross. All right, I'll take it. I will take yep. I was definitely not asking if you'd suck on my dick are you into feet? No, I mean it's not my dog at it's not like go to think some people are I actually know a girl who makes money selling pictures of her feet to Weirdos. Stop. I know I would totally do that for money. I'm so desperate for money. Listen just hit us up on the Facebook page. If you're a weirdo stuff will send you pictures of her toes. So no heartbeat. I'll send you pictures are mine. I have great looking man toes. Actually, they're pretty nice feet. I have to say so there you go everyone. Yeah, but actually I know a woman who doesn't know. I don't know how much money she makes she's not driving around, you know in a Lambo or anything like that. But yeah, she she has you know, she has a lot of experience selling her feet to random weirdos online sir side hustle. I get it. So it's a no for you for like for like sucking on toes. Oh, but what about selling pictures of your feet telling pictures? Yes sucking on toes. No, okay, the hard tasks we learned a lot. They already we're only like six minutes into the show. I don't know if you'd be into this or not. I saw it while you were on vacation. I've saved the story. I didn't do it with Sammy. I didn't do it was Sammy and the wife I wanted to do this with you because you are a fan of mayonnaise. I love mayonnaise. I know you do a Japanese food company has come out with sliced mayonnaise. Instead of stall instead of scooping it out of a jar with a knife you peel it like a piece of American cheese. Nope and flop it onto. Nope. No, no. No, it's not the right texture. It needs to be spread or squeezed on. So do you like American Cheese Slices? Love it? Okay, I'm all about that Velveeta. All right. What about the craft stuff craft is good. Okay, so you're all about that texture when it comes to Chief for sure. Would you attempt it now? I don't think it's available in the states. So it's not like something that I'm next next show and be like guess what I found a giant. Can you order some online? I don't know. I don't know. Come on Taff. How much do you care about the show fair enough? I just I kind of agree with you. I actually don't even really use regular Mayo anymore. No use Miracle Whip. No. Oh thank God. Oh, I almost had to leave. Do we almost like our friendship almost get ruined? Yes. No, I my mayonnaise. I always kick it up a notch. So I'll take regular mayonnaise and put like garlic powder or hot sauce in it and mix it up. Oh, that's a good idea. So I do that all the time. Yeah, like everything for sandwiches or like I use it like steak sandwiches. I'll do that stuff. I do the fancy sauce mixed with a little ketchup. Sure. I can't do that if it's sliced. Yeah now you can't make something anything, right? So now that's I think it's a no for me to yeah. Now the texture is appalling like I want it to be good because I'm all about new things and it's convenient. It's very convenient, but I think for this one it's going to be a pass. Yeah. No, thanks. Yeah. Time for a quick story about mayonnaise. Yes, you brought it up. It's time the world wings are show you do watch her true Okay, cool. So when I was younger my brother Joseph my my younger older brother. He insisted I can't remember which way it was but he insisted that either hated mayonnaise and loved Miracle Whip or vice versa can't remember. So the one time he was outside and we cleaned out. Let's just say the Miracle Whip jar and we put man Neighs into it and then he used it. And if I remember correctly, I don't think he even noticed. So it was just a question. I noticed it was just to prove a point that like it's not that big of a deal because he made a huge deal out of it. Although now in all of my wisdom at 26 years old. I know that there's a big difference a huge difference, but we went to all this trouble. We like empty this jar washed it out flipped it over if I if you did that to me and put Miracle Whip and regular movies. I would take it back to the store and like Rolf it like this is bad like this went bad. Why are you selling this? Right? I'll make it a point. I would be like Karen ask for the manager haircut. I would absolutely qbk I'd put on that wig and be like, I need to see the manager. This mayonnaise is an outrage. Yeah. No, I'll get my Karen on fo sho. Yeah rightfully. So are you into the squeeze Mayo? Yeah, same so convenient covid answers, but then you lose out on some like when you can scrape it out of the jar you can get all of it. So that's the only downfall there but it's convenient. I have a lot of thoughts about I'm definitely not giving him as much as you have. All right, Miss connection Monday coming up next. It's the pufnstuf podcast healthier happier. You has created for more than just a gym membership or diet plan. Don't take on your New Year's goals alone. Let's see be the American Shaman of PA help you reach your goals by giving you the physical and mental relief needed to persevere. The better you challenge will reward you for sticking to your goals to learn more and it Free samples of the newest products visit a CBD American Shaman of PA store in Carlisle Mechanicsburg, Harrisburg and Lancaster or visit Hep has health.com and remember to use the promo code puff at checkout to save 10% on every order. Do your kids lose their house keys. Do you hide a key near your front door for friends relatives the cleaning lady or pet sitter. Do you need a better way to secure your home? Let itd systems and security solve all your problems. I TD has the knowledge and experience to install Smart Home. Features, like smart locks motion sensors indoor and outdoor cameras and wireless key pads that control everything plus you can turn off lights lock doors and you any of your cameras right from your cell phone or tablet turn your house into a future house and at peace of mind to your life itd systems and security to find out more visit itd SSI.com. Hey, honey, how are the tax is going pretty good. Let's see. We either get $800 back or we go 4 grand. Hmm. I think we should call each in our block. Let's face it taxes can be confusing in the laws seem to change every year let the professionals at your local H&R Block take the worry out of your tax season H&R Block and Dillsburg Newville Biglerville, Fairfield and Gettysburg have been owned by the same family for over 50 years and they've been there for every tax law change along the way don't leave money on the table file your taxes confidently with H&R Block. Do you love saving money but hate buying one of those coupon books filled with places. Never go too. Well here comes quick save coupons to save the day quick save coupons as an app where you can find savings for restaurants stores and experiences that you will love and here's the best part. It's free. No big coupon books to buy no websites to give your information to click save coupons will show you all of the Savings in your area right on your phone. Just go to Google Play or the App Store and download the quick save coupons app, then start saving money on many of the places you already go to now back to the Puffin step podcast. Okay, we are back. Back on the podcast. It is Monday friends. You know what that means? It is time for missed connection Monday because of everything going on. We actually didn't do it last week. So it's been two weeks since we tried to help central Pennsylvania fine, right? So we have a lot to sort through. Yeah. There's a lot of people out there who depended on us, we've let them down. So apologize creepers we have you back. We're back at it misconnection Monday begins right now. This one's called Turkey Hill Friday on progress. Progress. I'm sorry. I was leaving the store and saw you in your car when you pulled in and you nodded to say hello. Then I got in my car and you came over and asked me for a cigarette and then you stood there outside of my car and we talked while I sat in my car all one sentence and he said car 14 times would like to get to know you more tell me what town you live in so I know that it's you. Alright. So here's the problem I have with with this and I actually did see this one. This was on my maybe list you sat and Talked with someone for who none long enough for them to for them to bum a cigarette and then smoke it right and you didn't ask for a number right usually missed connections are used for like two people who Saul each other right talk short or the ones that are like we were driving next to each other. I was in my pickup truck and you were in your Honda like stuff like that. It wasn't like we made a legitimate connection. That was a few minutes long, right? And because I'm a coward I didn't ask Your phone number it was nervous, you know I get that but at the same time, I think that's this is gonna get real deep. I think that speaks to society more that we're so dependent on blowing up people's DM's. It's true rather than actually going up to someone and saying you know what I think that I really enjoyed talking to you right now. Do you want to get another smoke some time? Can I have your number right people never do that? I don't do that anymore. Now never know they're like, hey, this is my My junk what do you think? Yep, you like can I get your Snapchat? Let's let's do this thing. I have a I have a gas station one Tom's Enola. Thick white girl at Toms in a white Denali God. You're sexy you're at the pump next to me. I know I'm going to I guess I'm guessing that I K means I know I know you noticed me looking tell me what color or pump number you are at. Let's link up. Let's link up. Okay. If this started with Steph's favorite favorite compliment now some people like it Steph doesn't stuff doesn't like being called thick and my main point furthermore is that if you're trying to pick up a woman just don't come just don't say anything about her size like that. It's just not necessary just say to the blonde girl at Toms in the white car because you don't know if she's gonna like the way that you're talking about her figure to the thick white girl at Toms in the white Denali. God you're sexy. Let's link up and what Pub number? Hey last time you pump gas was when Like two days ago, what pump number was no idea. Come on Steph right like who's gonna remember that? I couldn't tell you if my life depended on it. I was pumped number 6. Nope for must not be you here. Next idiot. So many people in my inbox right now just throw numbers at me. I'm sure he does coming out of the walls. This one's called ready to set sail in Hanover and I picked it because it is written in Poetic form. Awesome you like these why do I think it's supposed to be like Q it has like four lines, so we'll see if it sounds like a poem met you on the road to the marina when the weather was warmer. I was the guy in the blue shorts you were going to take me for a spin on your pontoon boat. I know it's been a while, but I was wondering if you remembered me. So this has been a while talking like summer. I don't think it's a haiku though haikus only three lines. What's the poem that has four lines upper? Not hyperbole? No. No, hyperbole is it's an exaggeration. Yeah, a haiku is three lines. I think it's like is it five seven five? You're right. You're right. It's a quatrain. Oh, it's even fancier than a haiku. It is fancy girl. Call him. He knows how to write. What's it called again? A quatrains call him up your father wrote me a quatrain on the internet and I was sold ever since so it was from a while back to Yeah from like summer. That's what I wonder what goes to these people's minds like do they think about it every day and then finally get the guts to do it six months later or that he just randomly think of it. Maybe he's just been weren't reading the quatrain for so long. That's true. It takes time to want to write it quite good. I mean everyone knows everyone knows a good quatrain take some time, right? You can't rush it. No, that's that's actually was written on the wall in my English class in seventh grade. Don't rush your quatrain. And they and you remember these important it actually says like if you don't stretch you might blow a quatrain. Thank you. Mrs. Miller for that one downtown Rudders blond wearing black yoga pants blue shirt. Wow, you were so adorable. You smiled at me and it made my day. Thank you exclamation point I wasn't having a very good day. But your smile really made my day better. If you ever want to talk need a friend, whatever I got you tell me what was on your shirt. What car you are driving so I know it's you I'll so what's your house number? Because I know that too. They're just kidding. I just I was like, oh, wow, this is window new level pick this one because it kind of goes with the other one the thick you don't like and you also don't like being called adorable. I don't know if someone says like you look cute like I think that's sweet. But if I'm going on a date with a guy and I like try really hard to put on a cute cute outfit and do my hair and wear cute jewelry. I would like him to say like you look beautiful because what it is you want beautiful, I think so, I mean cute to me just I'm a little sensitive about it because people think I look a lot younger than I am. So it kind of goes along with like a cute little stuffy like Not like 12 anymore, but I do think you can be a compliment. I just have like a complex. That's just me. Sounds like it. Alright, that was your missed connection one today. I'm just saying another reason not to exercise a Washington trail Runner broke his ankle on a remote mountain path Friday evening. So be careful you like to go hiking I do he crawled for eight hours through the night on his hands and knees shredding his skin rot until he found cell service to make a call for For help. Oh my God. He was alone on this Trail in Olympic National Park. He slipped on ice and broke his ankle around five o'clock at night. He was about 10 miles from the trailhead. He crawled on all fours down the rocky snowy dirty wet Trail badly tearing up his knees eventually. He thought to tie his shoes over his knees for protection. That's weird. How's that possible? Like you should put your knee in the foot hole and then so it's like if you So if you stood up straight and look your little person. Oh, I see. Okay. Okay. How would your knees even stay though? I don't know but it makes me laugh on the trail by anyway, there were still worn raw after several miles. He finally heard his cell phone beat from a text message and he knew he had a signal he called 9-1-1 around 2:45 in the morning more than seven hours after the injury a rescue team. Met up with him about four miles up the trail around 4 a.m. So who's almost up there for 12 hours. He said he will survive and he said thinking of his family kept him going. Wow, poor guy that's awful. You know who this will never happen to help me is this why you don't hike exactly why I write a percent. Well, you should never hike alone puff. You want to go hiking? Oh you trying to kill me. Is that what you want? Did you take some sort of weird life insurance policy out on me? Well, you really shouldn't hike alone or at all, but if he was with somebody else Vegas, they still would've had self-service. Yeah, and they also, Their ankle. Yeah, so okay Steph. Let's go hiking and I'll break my ankle. And then guess what you have to carry me down the mountain we would figure something out. I'll go get help meanwhile in the distance. Oh, no, I'm about to be a buffet. Yeah, I'd have to leave you there and go get help. Sorry puff. That's right. Sorry to Future hypothetical puff. Don't worry about it not happen not worried about it a whole coming up in minutes, you know, everyone's worried about playing sports. We talked about this the last week you were on the show about like what sports parents don't want their kids to play some parents like, you know, what I'm happy with my kid being in the marching band think again. It's the pufnstuf. Do your kids lose their house keys? Do you hide a key near front door for friends relatives the cleaning lady your pet sitter. Do you need a better way to secure your home? Let itd systems and security solve all your problems. I TD has the knowledge and experience to install Smart Home features, like smart locks motion sensors indoor and outdoor cameras and wireless keypads that control everything plus you can turn off lights lock doors and view any of your cameras right from your cell phone or tablet turn your house into a future house and have peace of mind to your life. I TD systems and security to find out more visit itd SSI.com. Do you love saving money but hate buying one of those coupon books filled with Places You'll never go too. Well here comes quick save coupons to save the day click save coupons as an app where you can find savings for restaurants stores and experiences that you will love and here's the best part. It's free. No big coupon books to buy no websites to give your information to click save coupons will show you all of the Savings in your area right on your phone. Just go to Google Play or the app. Store and download the quick save coupons app then start saving money on many of the places you already go to. Hey honey, how are the tax is going pretty good. Let's see. We either get $800 back or we go 4 grand. Hmm. I think we should call each in our block. Let's face. It taxes can be confusing and the laws seem to change every year let the professionals at your local agent our block take the worry out of your tax season H&R Block and Dillsburg. Neuville, Biglerville, Fairfield and Gettysburg have Owned by the same family for over 50 years and they've been there for every tax law change along the way don't leave money on the table file your taxes confidently with H&R Block healthier happier you has created for more than just a gym membership or diet plan. Don't take on your New Year's goals alone. Let's CBD American Shaman Opa help. You reach your goals by giving you the physical and mental relief needed to persevere. The better you challenge will reward you for sticking to your goals to learn more and to try free samples of the newest. Ducks visit a CBD American Shaman of PA store in Carlisle Mechanicsburg, Harrisburg and Lancaster or visit hemp has health.com and remember to use the promo code puff at checkout to save 10% on every order now back to the Puffin step podcast. Okay friends. We are back on the podcast and you know a couple weeks ago we talked about sports that parents don't want their kids to play. What did you say you said? That's when I said wrestling because of how quickly they have to lose weight and all that's a basketball because I find it boring for she little kid basketball. What was the score of the hour-long game nine to ten? Yeah. It was great. Well parents are you know, instead putting their kids into like marching band or supporting them wanting to do that? Maybe you shouldn't an investigation by the London Daily Mail has revealed the hidden scourge of modern. Marching band injuries hundreds of musicians in British military bands have been forced to stop playing due to injuries caused by marching and performing at the same time. Now official new figures reveal that a total of 340 musicians from the British army Royal Navy and Royal Air Force have been pulled out of the ranks as of April 1st of last year. Most injuries are due to repetitive like strain and foremost injuries are part of the strain injuries. Some American marching bands have similar problems. Now. Did you play any instruments? I played the flute for like a hot minute and I was terrible me and my friend Maddie used to just pretend that we are applying in our concerts and we never did. I didn't know how to read music. Well one point didn't you have to play in front of the teacher? Yeah. I skipped my band lessons. I was a good kid, but I see. In trouble skipping my battle us. What did you do? It was like the only class that I gotta be an in middle school. I hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. How do you just skip class and still managed to get a bit? I don't know. I would go sometimes and I would always tell him that I was practicing really hard and like I think he thought that I was one of those kids that really really tried. It just wasn't good. But in reality, I just didn't practice because I I like it and I just skipped lessons, but when I went I really like acted like I was trying so I did but I did manage a b but that was like the only class I gotta tell ya I used to get in trouble. He would like email my mom like Stephanie wasn't it failed and in your mom's I guess you never plays at home. Well, yeah pretty much. I believe he's asked me to play the trombone for a year and a half and my mom knew a trombone player and got me a really nice trombone nice and all this other stuff and I Never practice and she'd be like you going to practice your trombone as like yeah. I know I already dead before you get home you lied. So did you know that's true. Yeah, don't call me out. So we were both bad at it. Yeah, I don't know the flute was hard. You have to like put your lips like perfectly to like, could you have to blow like over the whole box? Yeah, it's written. Yeah, I can't do it. Yeah. Well trombones have to it's harder because you gonna put your lips together. Yeah. I couldn't do that. Either is that's the one that you pull. In and out, right? I didn't know you played the trombone little baby puff. Yeah, playing the trombone. Yep. Anyway, we didn't have marching band in my school. So we were left worried about this but American marching bands as many as one in five Piccolo players reported injuries the highest of any instrument apparently playing Piccolo is like football playing brass and wind instruments inhibited the players breathing making it more difficult to retain their balance. Also suffer from heat stroke due to the demands of Summer performances other injuries. This is band injuries include ankle sprains spinal issues and osteoarthritis. She's our high school band musician that's intense. Well, the heat stroke makes sense because for marching band like where I went to school they would be doing stuff over the summer and ended like the beginning of the school year when it's hot and they wear those like big jacket from like sure hats so I can see the heat stroke. Art, they they always had like preseason for band whenever like we have field hockey and football preseason. They did to like they worked hard on the injuries. I'm surprised about if they're legit injuries. Have you ever heard and I've never heard of it. Maybe it's just me. Have you ever heard of putting Oreos in the microwave? No, it sounds like a good idea. Well take them out of the package first someone in Florida again, another Florida story put an entire package of Oreo cookies into Microwave in their motor home and turned it on the Oriole packaging contains a small amount of metal in the printing the metal spark causing a fire in the microwave that spread through the vent into the control panel and throughout the rest of the motor home which was destroyed. So so I never heard of putting Oreos in the microwave. Okay, so I just want to make this more of a public service announcement right take your Oreos out of the package time to play the pole according to surveys. These are the three words women. Want to hear the most what are they? It is not. I love you. You are beautiful a good one. But no you okay. I'll give you I will I'll give you a hint one of them is a contraction or oh like your but it's not yours and yours one word, correct? Okay, so it's like you're something something right, but it's not your okay that's close to you. Oh. You'll appreciate this one. You'll be like it's three words. I'm admiring you. That's four words, but no, so it's not your is it? I'm no. it's close to your can you give me a hint does it have to do with our lock? I'll give you the first word. Yes. I'll give you two hints. It does have to do their looks and you've oh, okay. You've changed me. Good good. Very good. Guess that's a good thing to tell someone. I mean as long as it's further changing for the better, but it's not you've changed me as do it looks you've lost weight male dead ding ding ding ding. You've changed me you've changed you've changed me. You've shamed me into losing weight. All right, so that is your show for Monday. We will see you guys tomorrow. It's the podcast it's the pufnstuf podcast.