This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very overweight girl like herself. The experience was incredibly hurtful. So Deborah threw herself into a world were her only friends were her books consequently. She never learned how to talk to her peers. Naturally as she got older Deborah chose a career that didn't require much conversation an engineer while she could comfortably make technical presentations and answer complex engineering questions. She panicked each time. She was required to attend a conference or industry meeting during those as conferences and meetings. She was expected to mingle with colleagues Network and meet clients. So she started every conversation the Same by asking what do you do eventually the conversation came to a grinding halt as Deborah struggled to keep it going. She struggled with the art of conversation. It was after having two children that Deborah realized many of her insecurities came from being over weight. She lost 65 pounds as for self-image improved Deborah was Have a social life and find friends. She could have fun with to do so, she would need to acquire better social skills. She began to take notes and study those around her who were successful at cultivating friendships and mingling in crowds. Eventually. She devoted her life to uncovering the Fine Art of small talk and teaching others how to overcome their insecurities in hesitations the best part everyone can learn the techniques tips and skills for successful conversations and when you begin winning a conversations you'll be Surprised at the Improvement in your quality of life. You'll begin to bring new people into your network of friends and colleagues and you'll find joy in social events rather than dread. You'll create Pathways and channels for new opportunities that you've never thought possible. Are you ready to win? A conversations? Great. So enough small talk. Let's get down to business. Chapter one become a better conversationalist by taking a risk. How do you feel about small talk many people think of small talk as the lowly stepchild of a real conversation. They believe it's meaningless in a waste of time Small Talk. However serves an important function without small talk. You can never get to the real conversation. It allows you to break the ice and clear away for intimate conversation and lays the foundation for stronger relationship. The good news is that conversation skills can be learned by everyone when you see others with good conversational skills. How does it make you feel perhaps you think they just have a natural ability to mingle happily that some biological mechanism makes them a natural at Small Talk. The truth is most people have to work harder conversation do practice seminars personal coaches and studying books. Those people learn the skills and practice them take author Deborah fine. For example, he used to be a geeky introverted engineer, but simply became a pro conversation by learning and practicing That simple after the events of 9/11 a pilot instructed his passengers departing Denver International Airport to introduce themselves and learn about one another. This simple act proves that we have truly lost the art of conversation, but why we have become accustomed to respecting people's space and privacy, so we avoid getting to know the person sitting right next to us. In fact, the biggest reason we avoid small talk is our fear of rejection. So the first step in becoming a better conversationalist is to take the risk of starting one. You can't simply hope that others will approach you instead. It's up to you to make the first move. It's not nearly as hard as you might think and more importantly it puts you in charge of your own destiny. You get to choose begin your conversation with a smile when someone Smiles at you, you are naturally inclined to smile back, right? So be the first to smile and greet another person smile say a few words and be sure that you make eye contact in just a few seconds. You'll have begun to establish a rapport if the mere thought of Smiling and saying hello is daunting for you. There are plenty of ways that you can practice practice by walking through the mall and simply saying hello to 10 people as you pass them. You can even do this at a grocery store by greeting three other Shoppers practice until it feels natural for you in some cases not introducing yourself can have serious consequences Deborah learn to this important lesson when it's ending corporate events at her friends company at these events Deborah and Meyer to the senior vice president, Bob who displayed Grace and confidence when it came to mingling and making All talk. Unfortunately, Deborah was always too intimidated to introduce herself to Bob and simply kept to herself when Debra move to engineering sales. She called on Bob's reintroduce yourself an attempt to sell her Employee Services before she even finished her pitch. However, bob cut her off saying I can't believe you're calling me we've been at the same party a dozen times and you've ignored me at everyone. You're the biggest snob. I know I have no interest in buying anything from you. To her horror, Bob had interpreted Deborah shyness as arrogance, but it's a mistake that can be easily made. So put forth the effort because silence is certainly not golden. Chapter 2 the importance of names now that you have committed to having a conversation. You must now remember the single most important rule of a good conversation learn and use their names to master this skill. You'll need to stay focused during the introduction and repeat the name back in your greeting like nice to meet you Deborah. Unfortunately, many of us are too busy concentrating on our replies to remember the other person's name. So focus on the name, repeat it and then formulate your answer if you do happen to get distracted and miss the other His name confess simply say something like excuse me. I'm not sure. I got your name. This is always a better option over faking it. Never ever faked it. This is especially true when you run into someone who you've met previously but a forgotten their name simply say, I'm so sorry. I forgot your name. Please remind me be proactive in you'll prevent any impending disaster instead of being proactive. We typically try to avoid people because we forgotten their names. However, if we assume the burden and tell the truth chances are that will go on to have A pleasant conversation in fact if we ignore someone because we are embarrassed over having forgotten her name then your behavior may be misconstrued as rude. Sometimes we meet people with foreign or unusual names when this happens. You must make the effort to learn the correct pronunciation. Even if it means repeating the name a few times when you take the time to learn another person's name. You are expressing a genuine interest in that person and making the person feel warm and comfortable on the other hand when you become too lazy to learn a difficult name. You're sending a message. That learning his name is not worth your trouble. In fact learning names has many benefits in addition to making people feel comfortable. For example, when Deborah was seated at a table of eight. She immediately introduced yourself to the three sitting at the table as the others arrived Deborah extended her hand introduced herself and made the introductions to the other three she acted as the host which put everyone at ease and created an atmosphere of warmth and appreciation that naturally encouraged conversations. Acting as a host can position you as a leader in the group when it comes to names. It's also important to Nix the nicknames. For example, if a colleague introduces himself as Michael then don't call him Mike if you wanted you to call him Mike, then he would have introduced himself that way so make the effort to use their name and don't shorten it without permission. Finally. It's better to give than to receive. Think about giving your name as a random act of kindness, even if you've met him or her previously and think they should remember your name instead. Say something like hi Patrick Deborah fine. How are you by stating your name? You let Patrick off the hook, and he doesn't have to waste conversation time being distracted trying to recall your name. Chapter 3 use ice breakers and open-ended questions, of course conversations don't just end after introductions. It's your job to keep them going which may seem daunting but there are many icebreakers you can use to make the conversation flow naturally and easily many people make the mistakes of Simply using a statement by itself. Like what a beautiful day. However, when you make a statement, you can't guarantee whether it will land or even get tossed back statements are indirect invitations to chat instead you should be So that there is no doubt that you're starting a dialogue instead of what a beautiful day. Try What a Beautiful Day. What's your favorite season of the year? It's an easy opener that tells the person that you want to engage in conversation. In fact, many of us stress over starting a conversation because we perceive it as harder than it is. But let's take a look at this story a national news show Once conducted a social experiment by sending a gentleman into a party hooked up with a hidden microphone. He was instructed to start as many conversations. With the ridiculous Icebreaker. Hi, what's your sign? Yes, the infamous pick up line from the 1970s surprisingly. It worked. You see when you show genuine interest in someone you open them up the conversation because they feel flattered and special this experiment also worked because the gentleman asks an open-ended question asking open-ended questions shows that you genuinely care about what the person has to say many times we find ourselves asking our partner or our children. How was your weekend or how have you been? Questions evoke familiar responses good, how was yours? These exchanges are insincere. So it's time to be a better conversationalist by using the power of open ended questions. Some of the toughest conversation partners are always school-aged kids as parents. We try to initiate a conversation by asking how was your day at school? We receive the typical fine not wanting to give up. We ask a follow-up question. Like what did you like about today? The response is another dead end. I don't know. Sounds familiar. Well, the conversation doesn't have to be over just yet as Debra gets to this point in the conversation with her teenage son. She replies yet again, really tell me about one class you like this today at this point her son thinks about it for a minute and finally says science Deborah can then ask what did you like about science her son, then launches into a conversation describing the experiment he did and the two are talking the bottom line is that you have to show that you truly care. Similarly every Monday people across the country are asking each other. How was your weekend? They usually get a good how was yours in return? They may even be ten steps down the hall before the reply is even uttered this shows that many aren't actually interested. In fact questions. Like this are simply a form of greeting not a sincere inquiry into the lives of your colleagues. So the next time someone says they're weekend was great. You can reply with something like what was so great about it or tell me about it our response like this. The person know that you were genuinely interested in hearing more, of course, you'll need to gauge the situation and determine if asking an open-ended question is appropriate for the situation. For example, if you ask a co-worker something personal, but he immediately changes the topic back to business then take it as a sign that he doesn't want to engage in small talk at the moment respect your colleagues and talk about the preferred topics of conversation. Chapter 4 the importance of body language and listening. So now that you've learned about the Talking part of a conversation. It's time to move on to an equally important aspect of conversation listening. The problem in many conversations is that our human brain can take on much more information than one person can realistically divulge this causes us to become distracted and conversation when this happens we begin to listen to other conversations. Think about what we're going to have for dinner and even Drift Away into our private thoughts often time we Too far and suddenly we've missed something important. Have you ever been having a conversation with someone and become frustrated when you feel as if they aren't listening? What is that person doing that lets you know, they aren't listening. Maybe they're looking away looking on their phone crossing their arms or exhibiting behavior that seems as if they're uninterested that's because nonverbal communication is significantly more important than verbal communication. In fact Rea birdwhistell estimated that in a normal to person conversation verbal components. Very less than 35% of the social meaning of the situation while nonverbal components account for over 65 percent. For instance. When eight year old Nicholas comes home from school. He excitedly begins to tell his dad about his great day at school. He explains everything that happened that day including painting a cool picture of the mountains playing soccer in gym class and scoring a goal. Meanwhile makes dad is reading the newspaper. So next dates. Dad, you're not listening to me his dad then proves that he was listening by repeating everything they could just said, Nick on a piece says no dad. That's not it you're not listening to me with your eyes even though Nick's dad was indeed listening Nick felt minimized because he didn't have his father's full attention. Nick wanted more than just his dad to hear him. He wanted to feel connected that his dad was invested. He wanted to feel validated. This is why it's important in conversation to be aware of your body language. You might be listening. But when you exhibit a certain Behavior, like looking away crossing your arms across your chest putting your hands on your hips fiddling with jewelry or even glancing away from the person who is speaking you give the impression that you are uninterested in don't care. So what should you do instead to make the person you are talking to feel connected and validated some positive body language cues include leaning forward maintaining eye contact relaxing your body posture facing your partner and nodding and smiling by exhibiting those cues. You are showing your speaking partner that you were involved in interested of course body language is just part of the conversation you should also Aim to use verbal cues to let the speaker know that you were fully engaged in the conversation. These can be anything from brief comments to open-ended questions. For example, simply saying hmm. I see while nodding your head can be a cue that you are engaged in listening when appropriate you can use other verbal cues to transition to another topic saying that reminds me of or blatantly asking do you mind if I change the subject can segue into another topic while still validating the person you are speaking to allowing you to keep the conversation going? Chapter 5 avoid awkward pauses and search for cues, even when you have ice breakers conversation makers and active listening skills. There are still going to be times when conversations have awkward silences that grinds to a halt all it takes is a bit of preparation to avoid these silences. Don't worry. You won't need PowerPoint slides presentations or laser pointers for this kind of preparation instead. You simply need a repertoire of questions in your mind to prepare for when things begin to slow down some foolproof ideas might be to ask about a I'm that just premiered or bringing up a book that you recently finished reading. One of the toughest audiences that many people struggle to make small talk with our acquaintances. We see every once in a while. You have some history together, you know a bit about them and you have no idea what they've been up to in the years since you last saw one another this is a great opportunity because it's best to assume that things have likely changed in the past 12 months. So instead of asking what's new which will likely be met with not much try keeping the conversation rolling with something like bring the Up to date on what's new with the family. How's your wife husband partner or even what's changed in your life since we last spoke by being more specific, you can open yourself up to learn more about your acquaintance. Of course, this strategy can backfire if someone has recently lost a job or experienced the death in the family in these situations stick with more generic questions and allow the person to bring up details on their own. If you're still struggling to come up with conversation starters take a look around the location and occasion for an event offer a wide variety of information. For example at a wedding. You can start with something like I was the bride's college roommate. How did you know the couple similarly if you're at a seminar or convention simply asking what brought you here is an easy way to start a conversation Additionally, you can get a lot of information by observing people's behaviors. Perhaps you notice someone is Left-Handed you can inquire is it a challenge being left-handed? Pet peeves do you have about it? Or maybe the person has an accent you can say I thought I've heard an accent what part of the country / world are you from by simply observing your surroundings and people you can come up with many conversation points that will help keep the small talk flowing. However, if you struggle to come up with questions on the spot, you can help jog your memory with the acronym form family occupation Recreation and miscellaneous, but the miscellaneous category can be anything including asking about a popular film book or even a recent news event the key in any category. However is to be authentic when talking to someone if you aren't genuinely interested no amount of planning and preparation will save you from a doomed conversation. Chapter 6 how to exit a conversation with he's at some point exiting a conversation is necessary. Whether you're trying to escape a conversation killer or simply want to circulate more there are several ways in which you can artfully exit the conversation. If you're like most people you may remain in conversation longer than you should for two reasons you feel trapped if it's just a two-person dialogue or you feel so comfortable that you don't want to leave in the ladder Comfort leads to complacency. So if you're somewhere like a networking event, you'll need to continue striking up conversations. others to get the most out of the event So if you want to skillfully leave a conversation Begin by circling back to why you connected with your conversation partner and bring the conversation back to that topic by doing this you are making a meaningful connection where you can then take your leave easily this may look a little something like this Tom. It's been wonderful talking with you about the changes impacting the health care industry. I need to catch up with another client before she leaves. Thanks for sharing your expertise notice that there was no excuse for leaving when it comes to gracefully exiting a conversation honesty is the best policy. Even if you're itching to get out of an awful conversation, you should aim to exit tactfully. So try some diplomatic lines. Like I want to go talk to the speaker or I need to go see the exhibits or I want to meet some other potential clients this morning and I promised myself that I'd meet three new people before leaving this evening which are all successful exit lines because they put the focus on you you are the reason you are leaving the conversation and by highlighting your own goals, you take the burden off your conversation partner. You can even borrow a strategy from the late George. Captain who planned ahead in case he ever got stuck with a boar at parties Plimpton always carried two drinks. So if he found himself wanting to escape a conversation, he would politely excuse himself by saying he had to deliver the drink the cardinal rule. However is doing what you were said you were going to do for example, if you departed a conversation saying you were going to go see the exhibits don't get sidetracked before doing so so if Vince stops you on your way to the exhibits, it's up to you to say Vince. It's so good to see you. I was just on my way to the exhibits. Would you like to Join me or can I catch up with you afterwards? If you make the mistake of getting distracted you run the risk of insulting the person you just into the conversation with who now believes you were never on your way to the exhibits in the first place. Don't burn a bridge by failing to get to your next destination. You can even make a graceful exit by asking your conversation partner for a referral for instance. If you've been talking to Shelly at a cocktail party, but need to see more people before it ends Shelly can help you. You can say Shelly. I've been having trouble with the graphics package on my Mac at home. Do you know anyone? Who uses this program on a PC Shelly will either give you a good lead or she'll say she doesn't know anyone either way. It gives you a clean break to either talk to her referral or to find someone else who can help you. Simply think Shelly. Tell her you want to find someone who can help you and say goodbye. The key here is that you don't invent a problem just to end the conversation be honest and stick to your agenda at the end of the day ending a conversation may be difficult, but it can be done gracefully enough so that you leave a lasting impression make connections and to Is your networking or conversational goals? Final summary the power of small talk can change your life. All it takes is a bit of knowledge and practice and you'll be winning a conversations before you know it begin by taking charge and initiating conversations a simple smile and Nod can be enough to grab the attention of a willing participant next you'll want to engage your partners with open-ended questions and genuinely become interested in their answers make a warm introduction use positive body language and prepare for pauses with an arsenal of generic questions. You can ask to keep the conversation flowing In the end small talk is about making your partner feel connected and validated. So pay attention to the details like their name and use it in conversation. Finally. Once it's time to move on make a graceful exit and start the cycle again with someone new soon. You'll be an expert making life-changing connections and unleashing the power of small talk. This audio book summary was brought to you by quick read. We hope you enjoyed this audio book summary. If you want more audio book summaries like this download our app in the app store or Google Play and get access to thousands of other free book and audio book summaries. Listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today.