Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show.Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and then the next Cheshire Phoenix be the Plymouth Raiders 7774 coming down. On coming back from about a seven-point deficit in the fourth quarter and the Eagles Newcastle use blew out the story scorches 1978. So that was a good game the story with their up until finally I think they were winning the first half and then the then yeah, then the Sharks lost to the Lester Riders 87 to 88 then the Flyers again on the Saturday. They lost to the Manchester giant. No lost beat the Manchester Giants 87-71 the Giants were up by 10 at the half and they lost by 16 and then on the Sunday on the following the Giants then play the Plymouth Raiders on lost. Again Ninety Six ninety being 12 up at the half, but lost by 6. Then the Lions blew out the Riders very surprisingly by 34. I think if I'm from 99 sis 65 which is a hell of a hell of a score line to be any team. But especially the less the Riders and then finally the Cheshire Phoenix be the Eagles by eight in the court in a trophy fart trophy semi-final 75 to 67, but the Eagles get the W on aggregate so they are advances of trophy finals against the solent kestrels. So yeah. But there's a big I'm going to talk about is all the Manchester Giants actually going to win a game. I'm personally as the Giants fine, I'd hope they had hope we can and we've been getting better recently. We've been playing but a basketball team basketball actually, it's been my past version o to if your shots, you know, and you not on very much in the see about a past, you know it we will pass it and not something we've not done this season. So that's been good. But we've let it slip three times this season. We've been up or against sorry in January January the first we were up by nine going into the fourth quarter and we lost Let me get against Bristol blocked by 16 and then we lost to the raid in Ninety Six ninety. So I don't know whether that's a mentality thing Fitness. I think it's both of them, but you can't make excuses for the fitness now because we're near the end of the season so so yeah, and then also I would just like to say as you may have noticed whenever I got a player on it's always quite short in comparison to want to get someone else on and the reason for that is because because I'm still new to doing podcast because I've always I'm I'd do interviews. So I'm used to just asking questions rather than being a conversation. So I'm sorry if they are a bit short, but I will try and improve and try and make them longer because I've realized it not even hitting 10 minutes. But yeah, so now for the main bit where I speak to Kyle carry, so enjoy. Hello. This is Mark slavit in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL love and here I am with my special guest for this week. I'll carry who formerly played for the London City Royals who have folded. So Kyle, how are you? So I guess we'll jump straight into it them. So in your time well playing in the League this season and looking at the now who would you say is going to win the BBL Championship right now? He'll tell you later. I'm not sure but I know I don't know. I've got those two teams are definitely in the ray, but then at the same time you are still got the Rocks who you did have a poor start in the court, but with a couple sign and they recently picked up the pace and they're sitting I think joint first with the Lions, so moving on. Them that's one of the games we have to oh, yeah. Yeah. So out of all the players that you faced in the BBL who has been the toughest person you've come up against Off the bat. I'll say that to Thomas guys at Bristol. Oh, yeah, Gentry and Fred. Yeah, don't reform or not small by like your smaller guys. So for me, I'm taller. So he's quick. Yeah good handles and the issues the free of the dribble. So we've a fret and I'm Fred Thomas as well. He's he's good off the screen good mid-range jump shot and I'm strong as well. So you've got you ready? Yeah. Well, you mentioned Fred Thomas and you can see the Impact he had on Bristol because since I think he's picked up a injury and Santiago. Yeah, since he has been injured. He Bristol of I've been struggling a bit. So and then with Gendry this last weekend, he picked up a triple-double and he killed my see him and the Giants are the couples freeze. So yeah, they are they are two very good guys. And so out of all the teams in the league that you came up against who was the toughest team. We went over there we missed the twins the first time. Oh, yeah, we lost by like, I think it was 15 the next time you buy a 20 piece and then something close to that but the fourth time so it was really tough to play that they have a good home crowd. And yeah, I want to tell you about the Theta. Oh, yeah. Well, it's not the Giants again. Sorry. I wasn't when we play Bristol and yeah, you could tell they have got a good crowd and not so yeah I can imagine it's tough to play the so how was it while while still being alone and City Royal? How was it playing for the London City Royals? It's the be around the Earth in the right way and just didn't even say anything really they just lead by example with action. Yeah, and I'm also see my score as well. My spot is already know what he's about. Oh, yeah. Yeah people that had that as well though to bring your practice every day and I just got my sanity and it's fun fun environment. Everyone wants to win. We scrimmaged every practice and like we would a lot to practice more about the time we did practice to look like it was really a family and already orientated thing and like regardless of what we went through as use the time even in games just to just vent that how the frustration I guess. Yeah. Well you said you mentioned a couple guys and a couple guys I have returned to the BBL searches at my mom and Lucas and mascot and then you are well neighbor as well Ma has gotten on a map. Playing for Plymouth on its join the Lions. So yeah, so you yourself will we see you return to the British basketball league anytime soon. I mean right now I'm a free agent. So you never know but like I would like to have smoked a couple teams. So it's amazing to see how it goes. Yeah, I really say for sure, but I would like to push off, huh? Incest. Okay. Thank you for your time Kyle on.