July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It felt like his body was working in slow motion George thought back to the bags of heroin. He'd recently purchased in Mountain View did the drugs have something to do with how he felt today but his thoughts were increasingly muddled just like his movements. George is body was slowly freezing with each passing moment. He didn't realize it yet. But his life had already changed forever. When our bodies fail We Trust doctors to diagnose the problem, but medicine isn't always an exact science. Sometimes it's a guessing game with life-or-death Stakes. This is medical Mysteries a park a store original. I'm Molly and I'm Richard every Tuesday. We'll look at the strangest real life medical cases in history and the experts who raced against the clock to solve them. We follow these high intensity stories will explore medical research that might solve the puzzle will also analyze all the evidence and try to find an answer. You can find episodes of medical Mysteries and all other par cast Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream medical mysteries for free on Spotify just open the app and type medical mysteries in the search bar at podcast. We're grateful for you. Our listeners you allow us to do what we love let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network. This is our first and only episode on the case of the Frozen addict in 1982 six heroin addicts found themselves immobilized as if frozen for over seven years, dr. J. William Langston work to save their lives. On the evening of July 1st, 1982 42 year-old George Carrillo injected himself with Heroin from the minute the drugs hit his veins something didn't feel right when he woke up the next day. He could barely move. His body wasn't working the way he wanted it to he was in a hurry to get out the door because he had an important court date, but he was having a hard time even getting dressed. His girlfriend was Peter wasn't feeling well herself, but she had to help George get ready. They couldn't afford for him to violate his parole and go back to jail. She did her best, but it was nearly impossible to get George's nice button-down shirt on his arms were rigid. He could barely bend them time was ticking he needed to leave. Juanita was concerned but figured George would be just fine after the drugs left his system. At least she hoped so she didn't want him to get caught violating his parole. She helped him into his Volkswagen and prayed for the best. George could barely put his foot down on the gas pedal as he pulled down the street, but he was determined to make his court date. However, his right arm was now stuck rigid against his body. Having was nearly impossible with only one usable arm and it took an immense amount of concentration somehow miraculously George arrived at the courthouse safely, but when he stepped out of his vehicle, he stumbled George braced himself on his card or things were getting worse. He tried to walk forward but moved with an awkward gait. He crashed into the trash cans and bushes as he made his way to the courthouse entrance. Yeah. Before he could walk through the doors a guard saw him and thought understandably that George was intoxicated. He was arrested on the spot for violating his parole. In the Santa Clara County Jail George has symptoms worsened in his cold dark cell. He could hear the voices of other inmates and make out figures walking by but he couldn't move or interact with them guards didn't take much notice of him. They had more important things to deal with there were inmates actively causing disruptions while George was just lying there. He was alone and terrified. All he could do Was wait for help. By the sixth day of his incarceration his condition had deteriorated. You couldn't even speak. Finally. George was examined by doctors, but they were skeptical this didn't look like any recognizable illness perhaps George was faking it to get out of jail. It wouldn't have been the first time an inmate tried something. They gave him Benadryl a drug known to reverse the effects of tranquilizers in case George had been drugged by his guards. That was the only explanation that seemed to make sense considering George taken care of. They send him back to his cell. But the Benadryl had no effect George continued to lie in the bed unable to move or tell anyone of his anguish after a few more days. He was sent back to the hospital where his blood and urine were tested for any drugs or tranquilizers doctors were frustrated since George was silent. They couldn't ask him. What was in his system. The tests came back clear. It had been too many days since he'd shot up for any heroin to register. There was nothing on the scam that could explain his symptoms for all the doctors could tell George was faking his condition. So they tried other more creative means of waking George up. They poked and prodded him. They applied blunt painful pressure to his fingernails. They waved potent smelling salts under his nose any one of Is would register a reaction from a normal patient, but George didn't move on the inside. He was screaming in agony, but he was trapped inside his own body almost comatose the medic sent him to the Psychiatry unit. Maybe they would find a solution. However, the psychiatrist were just as perplexed. After two weeks of being passed between various medical professionals. There was still no answer in sight for George on July 16th, 1980 to George was transferred to the Santa Clara Valley Medical Center in San Jose there. He was placed in the neurobehavioral unit under the care of attending physician. Dr. Phil Ballard on that busy morning. Dr. Ballard read George's chart a typical part of his rounds, but what he saw Lift him confused. He realized his boss. Dr. J William Langston had to see this patient for himself as the founder of the neurobehavioral unit. Dr. Langston was especially interested in any unusual cases the 39 year old doctor had always been fascinated by the inner workings of the brain and dreamed of breaking new ground in the field of neurological research. However, Santa Clara Valley Medical Center rarely saw mysterious patients or inexplicable outbreaks. Most of his time was spent on routine diagnosis and treatment his years of medical school and inquisitive mind were seemingly going to waste until he met George who would challenge everything he knew about neurology and neurobehavioral according to Helio neuro behavior is the study of How the brain works how it affects emotion behavior and learning and if things go wrong, that's where neurology comes into play It's the study of disorders and conditions that affect the nervous system neurology is a particularly challenging field because there are so many unknowns. The brain is a complicated organ and it takes only a minor misfire for things to go majorly wrong according to dr. Langston while sophisticated Imaging. In systems exist to image the brain they are not sensitive enough to detect all small lesions the nervous system cannot be observed directly instead. Dr. Langston had to observe George's symptoms indirectly by noting how we responded to stimuli and making logical deductions, which was tricky because when dr. Langston began his examination George as usual didn't move the only Signs of Life were his breathing and the drool that continuously poured out of his slack mouth. Dr. Langston pulled George's arms out towards him. They hung in the air then fell slowly over the next few minutes. Dr. Langston initially thought that George had Catatonia Harvard Health publishing explains that Catatonia is a motor dysregulation disorder characterized by e-mobility or slowed and delayed movement one Telltale symptom is waxy flexibility. Meaning a person's range of motion is limited and their actions happen in slow motion like a stiff mannequin made of wax. Although Catatonia can have physical cause Is it's typically associated with psychological conditions to help narrow down his diagnosis Langston conducted another test. He tapped George's forehead lightly between his eyebrows. This will cause anyone to Blink at first but a normal person will become used to the stimuli and eventually stop blinking. Dr. Langston continued tapping. George didn't stop blinking. This failure to stop blinking is known as Meyerson sign it indicates damage to the basal ganglia the part of the brain that manages movement after the tapping test. Dr. Langston asked George to open his eyes, but he just laid there the room was still and the only noise came from the ticking clock then suddenly. There was a flutter in George's eyelid. Dr. Langston looked at his watch and noted that Time it took George 30 seconds to fully open his eyes. Dr. Langston suspected that George head eyelid. Apraxia the inability to open his eyes combined with the other symptoms. It didn't make any sense Catatonia Myerson sign and eyelid. Apraxia typically do not have any connection nor do they tend to appear simultaneously, in fact, they all have Totally different causes. Dr. Langston wrote the waxy flexibility indicated Catatonia a psychiatric condition. But the Myerson sign and the eyelid apraxia pointed toward a neurological one. He consulted with his team of psychiatrists and neurology residents. Neither Camp could agree if George's condition was psychological or physiological Confused. Dr. Langston conducted another test. He took George's arm and tried to bend it. It was stiff as if frozen it took a tremendous amount of effort from the doctor to curl George's arm and even when his elbow finally bent it did so in quote fits and starts with this. Dr. Langston assume George had catatonic schizophrenia a chuckle state that causes immobility and abnormal behavior people with catatonic schizophrenia exhibits strange movements maneuvering erratically or in George's case. Not at all, but dr. Langston couldn't be sure he wanted to monitor George for a few more days before he began any treatment after a week of observation. Nothing had changed and George is lack of behavior didn't offer up any clues. Dr. Justin was disheartened, but had dr. Ballard continue to care for George perhaps he'd turn around in week 2 on July 23rd 1982. Dr. Ballard was making his rounds and something incredible happened. He noticed George moving his fingers. It was the smallest twitch, but it was there. Dr. Ballard jump to attention and placed a pencil in George's hand. He asked him to write his name slowly painfully George began to write out George Carrillo. It took him 30 minutes to disclose everything on his mind via the notepad. I'm not sure what is happening to me. I know what I want to do. It just won't come out right reinvigorated. Dr. Langston asked him question after question. How long ago had Symptoms started had he done anything unusual before the condition began. And finally what medications are you on? Have you taken anything George painfully wrote out his answer heroin. Dr. Langston was shocked. But what George wrote next change the course of the case. He spelled out the name when he de his girlfriend after a few phone calls. Dr. Langston quickly realized that George's condition wasn't an isolated incident. Up next when Nita exhibits the same Frozen symptoms. I listeners. I'm thrilled to tell you about a new park asked show. I'm hosting with my the Dark Side of and political scandals partner Kate. They are natural-born Leaders with never-ending thirst for power through force and deceit. They rise through the ranks towards radicalism eliminating anyone who stands in their way and the only thing more inevitable than their rise is the ruin discover the true stories of power greed and deceit The park has two original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control. Each dictator is analyzed into part episodes with the first giving insight into the rise to power and the second chronicling the impact of their downfall hear more about the men who claim to love their country, but were intricately responsible for killing Millions. Of their own people men such as prime minister Benito Mussolini supreme leader Kim Jong Hoon and even Julius Caesar himself discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level follow dictators free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Now back to the story. On July 23rd 1982 immobilized patient George Carrillo had a breakthrough finally able to communicate through writing. He told his doctor J William Langston about his girlfriend Juanita and their heroin use after this Revelation the Physicians scoured the local phone book and found a number that matched The Limited information George could provide. Dr. Langston called when he does family and learned that she was 30 years old. And as Frozen as her boyfriend, in fact, we need has family had been keeping her at home under constant care as her condition had progressively gotten worse. Dr. Langston had Wanita brought to his facility after examining her he was able to determine three things one. Whatever was happening to George and Juanita seem to have the same cause to it had begun the same night two weeks ago. Go three his patients symptoms all fit the signs of advanced Parkinson's disease. According to the Mayo Clinic Parkinson's disease is a progressive nervous system disorder that affects movement it slowly deteriorates the brain cells that generate dopamine the neurotransmitter that is essential for controlling motion. Most people who suffer from this condition are over. 60 which is what really confounded. Dr. Langston his patients were exhibiting signs of Parkinson's disease, but they were both relatively young and most alarmingly their symptoms had developed overnight. In all his years of research in all the patients. He'd ever treated. Dr. Langston had never seen anything like this and he wasn't sure how to ease their suffering. He had to start by finding its cause dr. Langston theorized that perhaps something in George and Juanita's apartment was the culprit maybe it was a carbon monoxide leak or something. They ate he wasn't ruling anything out. He also wondered if it could be the heroine they both took but that seemed like a wild Theory at best After All For Better or Worse people used heroin all the time without becoming Frozen. There was no apparent answer and no new developments. Dr. Langston and his colleague. Dr. Ballard continually grew more frustrated with their lack of progress the past three weeks. Ballard needed to take a night off on July 31st. He went to a party hosted by a friend who also happened to be a doctor. That's when things took an even more surprising turn. Dr. Ballard was enjoying his evening with friends many of whom were fellow Physicians one a fellow neurologist mentioned an intriguing case that had landed in his clinic located 50 miles away. He Old dr. Ballard of to patients the Sylvie brothers who had been found lying Frozen in their apartment. They'd been diagnosed with catatonic schizophrenia shocked and excited. Dr. Ballard pressed his friend for more details. He went on to tell Ballard how their mother had found them lying in their apartment and assumed they were intoxicated as both brothers were addicts and the brothers drug of choice was heroin. Dr. Ballard was speechless every detail of this case mirrored that of George and Juanita's when dr. Ballard told the news to dr. Langston. It was a revelation they began to suspect that the heroin was triggering these symptoms, even though the patient's didn't know each other and lived 50 miles apart. It was very possible. They had the same drug dealer or Worse had injected heroin from the same bad badge, which had been Distributed among multiple drug dealers. Dr. Langston had to alert the public he couldn't stop people from using drugs and he couldn't cure the condition yet, but maybe he could keep it from afflicting anyone else. He approached a couple of Northern California television news stations who picked up the story warning of possible tainted heroin in Northern California the broadcast reached thousands of locals, including physical therapist Jan Bartel sitting in her home Jan flipped on the news and received a shock in her physical therapy work. Jan had been paying home visits to a young woman named Connie this doctor on TV was describing Connie's see Seems to a tee. Connie had been diagnosed with paralysis deemed hysterical in nature hysterical disorders are a psychological conditions. Just like catatonic schizophrenia. Connie's doctors thought her condition was psychosomatic. They'd hired Jan to help her get moving again. But nothing Jan tried had worked until she saw dr. Langston on TV and realized Connie was likely misdiagnosed. And after Jan talked to them Connie's family brought her to the clinic. They hope dr. Langston could cure their daughter at 21 years old. Connie was the fifth and youngest of the Frozen addict and she was worse off than any of the other patients her symptoms were more exaggerated. She took a full 40 seconds to open her eyes when prompted. She was also covered in painful bed sores from lying motionless for weeks. Tony's Family told dr. Langston that she began abusing hard drugs when she met her boyfriend Toby go via Toby was a large-scale heroin distributor who occasionally dipped into his own Supply and he had a brand-new batch. When dr. Langston inquired about Toby's whereabouts he learned. He was in jail and that he was frozen separated by the law both Connie and Toby had come down with the Frozen symptoms around the same. My name is George Juanita and David and Bill Sylvie. This new lead confirmed. Dr. Langston's previous suspicions a single batch of heroin seemed to be the epicenter of the Affliction. Suddenly. Dr. Langston was desperate to get his hands on the heroin relating to his patients in a whole new way. If he could get a sample of Toby's badge, he could send it to a lab for analysis and isolate whatever unique chemicals could be causing the paralysis. He had to do it fast. Doctor was worried that the increasingly ill Connie would die before he could solve the mystery and properly treat her luckily for dr. Langston after the Sylvie Brothers had been discovered in there catatonic State the Watsonville police had raided their apartment. The police had confiscated a few bundles of heroin and were happy to send dr. Langston samples for testing feeling more like a detective than a Doctor. Dr. Langston sent the samples to the lab. He was anxious for the results and called for an update nearly every day with no luck. He worried it felt like the testing was taking longer than it should have perhaps there wasn't anything unique in this batch of heroin at all. And he'd have to go back to square one even worse. Connie's condition kept deteriorating reaching a dangerous Point despite the Advanced Medical Care. She was receiving her bed, sir has posed a major risk of infection since she couldn't speak. She had to be watched carefully for sudden downturns. The other patients lay in Terror in their beds unable to call out move or ask questions. They were prisoners in their own bodies. Dr. Langston could only imagine how horrible it was for all of them each day that he crossed off. The calendar waiting for results was another of torture for his patients through Late July 1982. He only grew more anxious until the lab finally called. But when dr. Langston picked up the phone, he didn't get the answer. He expected the labs results were inconclusive this meant that whatever the sample was. It wasn't Pure Heroin heroin is derived from the seed of opium poppy flowers, but this was something synthetic and the lab had no idea what it was. No known drug generated the freezing. Affect his patients were experiencing. No matter how many tests the lab did or how they isolated or extracted the substance no match for the sample could be found. This isn't as shocking as it might seem in the 1980's designer drugs hit the streets with a bang according to science direct designer drugs or club drugs emerged as a legal loophole the government didn't know what the new substances were so they couldn't outlaw them and couldn't Cute anyone caught making taking or selling them. So in 1982, all synthetic drugs were technically legal including whatever was in this batch of heroin without any sense of what the substance contained. Dr. Langston was back to square one the lab assured him. They would do everything in their power to identify the substance, but it would take even more time something. Dr. Langston's patients didn't have have Up next the lab races to identify the designer drug now back to the story. In late 1982. Dr. Langston six patients exhibited signs of what looked like Advanced Parkinson's disease, but The Afflicted were too young and they're terrifying symptoms had set in too quickly for that to be the case while dr. Langston's struggled to treat his Frozen patients the lab results. He had been waiting on came back inconclusive. Luckily for Langston. There was another break in the case. They had recently been an explosion. in a garage in the San Jose area Jim Norris head of the Santa Clara County Crime Lab suspected that the tenant a man named Vincent Mason had been cooking drugs when the explosion occurred but officer Norris couldn't pinpoint the substance they found he began to suspect that. It was a designer drug and wondered if it was the same one used by the Frozen addicts he'd heard about if he could match the sample from Vincent Mason's garage to the samples found in the home of patients, David and Bill Sylvie. He might be able to secure a conviction on grounds that the substance was harming people officer Norris contacted. Dr. Langston who agreed to give him samples of the synthetic heroin. His patients had injected officer Norris took the samples to his crime lab while dr. Langston anxiously waited to hear back from his own lab. After weeks of waiting without results. Dr. Langston had to do something he decided to lean into his one major theory that his patients had somehow contracted Advanced Parkinson's disease. It seemed like a wild supposition most of his patients were in their 20s while the oldest George was only 42 nevertheless. He put his hypothesis to the test and prescribed a drug called l-dopa. Dopa helps the brain generate dopamine reversing the lack of dopamine that causes Parkinson's it allows patients to move more normally and when it was introduced in the 1960s, it was advertised as a miracle cure, but l-dopa soon became known for its severe side effects, including hallucinations spasms and abnormal heart rhythms even knowing the risk. Dr. Langston took a chance he gave George and Anita a dose of l-dopa and kept them under careful observation A short while later George wiggled his fingers then finally his hands arms and legs for the first time in weeks. Juanita smiled. They were able to walk and move again. They were able to speak they were able to relate the horrors that they'd felt the fear of being frozen and not knowing why the other four patients were given l-dopa and all began to unfreeze. It was the Once they've been waiting for the miracle cure. However, l-dopa was not a perfect solution. It didn't actually cure Parkinson's it merely mask the symptoms. Although patients were able to move and speak if they stop taking l-dopa or even missed one dose their symptoms would immediately return l-dopa users could sometimes suddenly lose their motor control. They might be driving a car down the street when suddenly they couldn't push their foot down on the gas pedal or cooking dinner only to find themselves unable to remove a burning pan from the stove holding a baby and then dropping the child further, even if a patient maintain their dosage of l-dopa, it didn't stop their neurons from dying even further lessening their brains ability to produce dopamine still l-dopa was Solution if not, the perfect one and there was nothing else on the market. They could try at least not until they got a final answer from the lab. Dr. Langston hoped George Juanita and the other Frozen addicts wouldn't have to remain on l-dopa for the rest of their lives. But he had no way of knowing How likely recovery was however, he got another piece of the puzzle when the lab finally called again. After all of these weeks of waiting they discovered what the mysterious chemical was six or more lives hinged on this discovery the lab believe that the drug was a synthetic narcotic compound called mptp. Well mptp had no psychoactive effects. It is very similar to another compound called M PPP, which is a common synthetic. I'd sold on the streets as heroin. The two are similar a drug maker could accidentally create mptp while trying to make em PPP. This is exactly what had happened with Vincent Mason the drug cooker whose garage had exploded it was confirmed when Mason came down with the parkinson's-like symptoms himself and approached. Dr. Langston for treatment now that dr. Langston new. What the drug was he could look for a better treatment plan. He began experiments to learn more about how mptp was giving people the symptoms of Parkinson's disease. He injected laboratory rats and monkeys with the compound to see if they developed movement problems the rats exhibited less of a response, but the monkeys developed Parkinson's this led dr. Langston to understand that his patients to weren't just exhibiting the Symptoms of Parkinson's that's what they actually had next. Dr. Langston had to determine how mptp had snaked its way into the brain and caused such a complex disease after all Parkinson's usually develop slowly over time in the elderly. The brain is an intricate and sophisticated organ. It is also vulnerable once a nerve cell in the brain dies. Sighs it is gone forever, but the brain has several lines of Defense to start it floats in cerebrospinal fluid according to medlineplus cerebrospinal fluid helps protect the brain and spinal cord by acting like a cushion against Sudden Impact or injury, the brain and spinal cord are also protected by three layers of membranes and encased in bone further. Blood vessels in the brain are extremely tight. So as not to allow anything, but the smallest molecules inside but somehow the mptp had gotten through these defenses and impacted the patients brains specifically its dopamine production. Langston had never seen a synthetic drug caused damage like this before neither. Had anyone else. What dr. Langston was working with was entirely new? So he had to consider every piece of information every abnormality as a possible clue in studying George's MRI results. Dr. Langston noticed a very tiny lesion or abnormal damage in his brain. The mptp exited George's bloodstream through the brain lesion and wreaked havoc. Dr. Langston believe this was what had happened with the other five patients as well. All it took was the tiniest hole to destroy an entire nervous system, but the l-dopa seem to be working for the time being. So the Frozen addicts were sent home with prescriptions since brain cells cannot regrow. The damage was done forever. They would all remain l-dopa users for Life two years later in 1984. George was still suffering though. He wasn't Frozen every time he opened his eyes. He thought he saw spiders everywhere crawling over every inch of him. The l-dopa was causing constant hallucinations. Juanita didn't fare much better. Although she avoided the dark hallucinations. She couldn't work because her movements were uncontrollable, especially right after her l-dopa doses. She never wanted to leave the house because she walked strangely her family reported that all she did was sit around depressed. Dr. Langston's heart ached for his patients. He still searched for a cure and performed additional research anything to stop this painful condition from affecting more lives. And in 1988, he heard of a possible cure Swedish doctors had developed an experimental surgical treatment implanting fetal tissue in patients brains the doctors. Hope it would help cells regenerate and possibly cure or slow down the Parkinson's the catch. It required the patients to fly to Sweden the medical use of fetal tissue was the illegal in the US. Despite the grueling trip and moral gray area. Dr. Langston eagerly refer to six patients 48 year-old george flew to Sweden desperate for an end to his hallucinations after the surgery george flew home where he'd be monitored by dr. Langston through his recovery as he recovered. George was able to better control his movements his facial expressions his hands although he still suffered some limitations to his Mobility he no longer. Lie down l-dopa, the hallucinations ceased allowing him some peace to of the other patients travel to Sweden for the surgery, but they had much less success than George. There was still so much doctors didn't know about the brain Parkinson's disease and how to treat it, but they were making new breakthroughs every day in part because of the Frozen addict's in nature humans are the only species that can develop Parkinson's disease. He's this makes it difficult for researchers to develop new treatments due to the ethical considerations around human testing. But when dr. Langston discovered that mptp could cause Parkinson's even in other species. He opened new avenues of research doctors could recreate Parkinson's in a lab and the study and observe. The disease's progression and thanks to the Breakthrough. Dr. Langston came to be regarded as one of the leaders. Just in the field of Parkinson's research. He finally achieved his dream of breaking down the boundaries of Neuroscience. He has published roughly 360 peer review articles and a book and founded the Parkinson's Institute. Unfortunately, there still is no cure for Parkinson's Disease the Parkinson's Foundation prevalence project estimates that nine hundred thirty thousand people in the United States live with it today. That number is predicted to rise by 1.2 million people in 2030. Those figures don't include the Frozen addicts. They spent the final years of their lives battling Parkinson's and the side effects. Of l-dopa as of 2013 all but one of the original six had passed away. However, there have been no new reported cases of mysterious freezing from synthetic drugs. The initial Frozen addicts were seemingly isolated cases and although they're suffering led to exciting breakthroughs in medical research George Carrillo and the others paid a dear price. They could have never known their fate when they shot up all those years ago and all from one bad batch one unlucky choice to use one fateful Moment In Time a moment with a lifetime of consequence. Thanks for listening to Medical mysteries for more information on the case of the Frozen addicts. We found dr. Langston's book The Case of the Frozen addict's especially helpful to our research. You can find all episodes of medical Mysteries and all other Park astrea generals for free on Spotify. Not only to Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy. All of your favorite Park asked Originals like medical mysteries for free from your phone desktop core smart speaker to stream medical mysteries on Spotify just open the app tap browse and type medical mysteries in the search bar. And don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park has network will see you next time medical Mysteries was created by Max Cutler and is a park has Studios original. It is executive produced by bye Max Cutler sound design by Juan boorda with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Travis Clark this episode of medical Mysteries was written by Monica labbadia with writing assistance by Maggie admire and stars Molly Brandenburg and Richard Rosner. Hi, it's Richard. I can't wait for you to check out a new show. I'm hosting with my the Dark Side of and political scandals partner Kate every Tuesday, we delve into the minds of some of the world's most infamous and feared leaders in park has original series dictators join us as we examine the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control discover the government's that. Fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level search for dictators in the Spotify app and listen free today.