You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed.Hey, this is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and lecturer marked on.Gibson Mark's Work is heavily inspired by comic books illustrations movie posters and the world around us in this episode. We're going to be talking about his life as a lecturer at Yale and Philadelphia. We're going to be talking about the influences in his practice black expression in the Arts and most importantly what it was like being a young kid listening to Tool in Miami, Florida. Once again, thank you to the Armory show in New York for having us out here. We hope you enjoyed this episode. Yes, I'm working on my core. I feel like I feel like my back is like this. This is gonna make me a very loose interviewee. Yeah. Are we too are we too rigid? Everyone looks like they've just got it was sat on something rather questionable are going to drop something out the bottom. Yes. Yeah. No, it's good. I like that because it sounded like you were about to do the intro. Hi Mark Gibson. I just want to say thank you for having me here on juxtapose radio. I'm here with Evan and Doug. Even dug so tell me a little bit about yourselves. This is good. Wait, where are we though? Where are we we are at the Armory fair in New York City 2020 red. Pierre 90 Mark Gibson will be with us tonight. He is your he's wonderful years. Wonderful. I've heard great things about nothing but good things and intelligent far-seeing young man who has nothing but Limitless possibilities ahead of him who recently found out that he was an old man at a tool concert. Yes. I recently found out as an old man Atul concert. With me and one of my friends that's very true. My friend Matt Jones who's also an artist. He we were standing there together looking at it slowly inside of ourselves kind of quietly dying and that way that you don't tell your other friend, you know, just kind of leave the concerts quiet in a car for a while. He's kind of look at each other like I shit. Hey, we should have done that. The members were stronger. Anyway, sometimes it's nice to hold on to those things you like. Okay. Look that was that was my youth. I'm not going to revisit that because you'll taint it. Yeah. Yeah, but you don't know that until you die. And you don't know to you wrecked it and you know, there's some things you don't think you can wreck and then but then you also start remembering like wait. I haven't really listened to their music like in six years, you know like you but it's your I like this fine. I can't remember exactly but we had made a promise to ourselves like back in their 20s, actually that you know after they had stopped playing it was like, okay the next time when they come around man, if ever happens, we're going to matter what and it was like, yeah, no matter what and then we did it and that's what in something completely unrelated. Add to the the art podcast that we're making with the artists here. What did you think of the latest Tool album was a bit. Was it like? Yes, they're back end of this is the one that I've been waiting for. I was hoping it was going to be a little bit further reaching than it was it felt a little bit for me. Like I felt like he was too connected to what where we had left them and it was at felt like as a as a fan as a young person that they always kind of were breaking and moving forward and kind of taking me to new places and I also think I'm just in a very different place in my life personally, you know hard To match them up for them, especially. Yes, like, you know, it's been 10 years and then if you're an artist yourself, you kind of start thinking about like maybe how you were when you were younger looking at art and how it relates to musicians and making art because they haven't been playing in a long time. So there is a little yeah, they're right there my 20s. They're my party my younger like high school party day kind of, you know mentality kind of thing. It's like wait a minute. I'm tools your party Band. Well, we just What kind of party we talking about me? I mean like we're talking about like listening to like metal or we live talking about like, you know, drinking beers are your friends and like kind of like going out and kind of been amped about that kind stuff like that's different. You know, it's that it wasn't dance music. So say what kind of scene were you in and going back to this this place cause this is this is where we are now. Yeah, this is where the podcast is going on to my whole War like we're let's go where are we 15 years old here, six fifteen fifteen sixteen. Yeah. I was single to them, you know, Warren G is listening to you know, Pretty much whatever hell of a range. Yeah, I guess I always had a range because I always had a range of friends. So I was wherever they were kind of or add. I'm willing to listen to my sister's like to use will lend than me. So then there was like a lot of prints and a lot of like, you know, whatever was kind of happening. So I'm never was someone who was very like I never had like a seeking kind of presence when it came to music. I actually music for me not until I was in my early 20s that a lot of like lyrics actually start to form or hit me it would it would just listen to something. I've been listening to for 10 years and all of a sudden I would. Oh, that's what it meant are like that's that feeling like I know when I say that to people they're like that's kind of strange but it was something I'm into like base arm into like beets. I mean to rhythms. I'm into like sounds that kind of or bodily, you know, like they move your body even if you're standing still huh 33 think about that one there. I still have no idea where neither to lurex me. Yeah, they used are The weirdest words that they could possibly like, you know, it's not even a thesaurus. It's like it's like a Latin thesaurus the you're like young and you're doing certain things like LSD and whatever, you know, it makes a lot of sense, you know, and it's also the 90s it was a very different time like if I feel like that was that was my age right there. That's really good. Oh God. Oh God, but it was different but it was a different time. And actually I think we don't take into consideration. I think in the 90s we actually were mixing. A lot of different cultures and different things. Yeah that like we're seeing really played out now because people are so many different tastes. They share all the time but affected 90s was a good ERA of why trying to tribalism. I mean, I think that's still kind of go. Well. Yeah, you know if you were if you were a male head you looked like a guy that yeah to metal music and you didn't you know, yeah, but I also feel like and I was like I listen to hip-hop and I listened to britpop and it's all these different things and I felt comfortable doing dabbling in but maybe like Limp Biscuit brought it all together. Well, do you think they're sold short? Wow? Wow, I didn't know where he'll know. I don't I don't know. I don't I don't know if you hold some God. I mean no, it's just that like that kind of like like rap metal stuff like kind of hip-hop metal like that kind of thing. Yeah, that would happen there a lot, you know, but also you have like mixes of something from like Latin like Latin culture music kind of moving into that realm to so it was like an odd Fusion it rarely ever kind of coalesce in a way that I felt was well not that it wasn't significant. It was just that it was not something that That isn't something that isn't music that I would really come to or think about today. But I think that those moments need to happen like some kind of weird ruptures like sometimes some things want to coalesce sometimes things want to come together and there have to be bands good or bad that do that work and you know, it's I think about it like if we're all a bunch of amoebas and amino acids and stuff like that and there's some of them that have to do certain work. It's like that first fish are at the war exactly. Yeah, you know that first coelacanths that decided to come out of the water, you know, he was like he was taking a risk even though frednard. Yeah, yeah, and he got 10 feet but the next one got 15, you know what I'm saying? And it's so it is a part of the American Experience of music that is like a Melting Pot but I'm sure there's so many like people between like the blues to rock that actually, you know had that thing but just never recognize you know, and they never heard but then two guys over, you know Adventure hear something soon. It seeps through that was what was Miami like then to grow up and as a as a kid at that time, you know, you said there was a Different scenes a lot of different influences. What was that experience? It was weird because it was like it felt it was dirtier. It was a lot less like this is before like Will Smith. Welcome to Miami and the Thong Song about any of that stuff in it. Yeah really did it was like I've heard that story be told and I could be completely wrong and I'm sure like your fans would be able to correct this hard. But I remember like I moved to New York City and when I moved to New York, they were still having play Blood playback with them videos like you could still see. Can see like Nas on the street like actually like performing, you know, and they would be like guys doing and they be doing all the playback really loud and then I believe was Giuliani who's put a stop to that. So a lot of people in the industry then moved to a places other places in Miami was one place that people started going to Thong Song hits and a lot of other stuff starts to happen down there where you start to see if you think about it like our Kelly R JZ other acts if you think about that period of time a lots of things were happening in Miami visually, they started changing the way people saw Miami. A lot of that South Beach, which is a retirement community, you know, really Beyond like for sachi's house you look around and be like nothing, you know, I mean there was stuff but we idea of South Beach as it is seen today was not happening and high school. We me and my friends used to go to South Beach like to hang out on the sand at night and just like what they, you know, hang out and just like, I mean just be by the ocean be friends hanging out doing whatever teens do it was like you tell people and what are you doing? Why are you doing that? We're going to the beach like why are you on the beach and you could go to The beach nothing nothing we're having about like in what are pushing empty boxes down the street. Wow, like desolate. So how do you feel about it now? Because you say our basil week and yeah, it's a different kind of blow. I don't go I haven't gone. I've never been because of that reason because this is home and yeah, it's kind of shit. I always had an issue with being from a place that was tourist destination and kind of feeling like specially with the economy there the education system there when I was growing up wasn't that great. I mean, I was a part of an education system. Inside of that that was beneficial to me as an artist because they had a magnet art school program that I got in at fifth in my fifth grade. And so I had went to an art elementary school middle school high school. What would you would see in that program early on is that they would face them in like usually poor performing schools and usually within black communities. So you would be all of a sudden given this little side thing you want to be told that you were special and that you were different because you were like gifted in some way and these were like the you you were their betters, you know, and it was like really disturbing especially as an African-American kid who was also from my neighborhood like that just because I can draw or just because I'm like interested in these things. I'm just immediately we've already bifurcated and you're automatically creating a complex in yourself and other people around exactly. Yeah. And yeah and so you would see these things and we were like this is like the era of like Rodney King. This is the era of like racial a disharmony that was actually happening in the country that you would see like mostly when those magnet programs. You would have lots of white kids bust into Like communities so they would get their butts kicked, you know, they would get their stomped and so like one or two of those guys. I know are now in the Republican Party Like An RNC heavy, you know, and I would think about these moments of like their experience with with black bodies are ones of violence ones of turmoil, but like where they were where they weren't given the context for any of that so they didn't have the context for why this neighborhood is in poverty why this the why these students are angry why they're frustrated. And so then when Rodney King's like abusers get off. Off. Yeah, that was it wasn't just in Allah. It was all around the country where people were set off by that so as a young person trying to deal with that and seeing that they're within the school system. There wasn't a structure. Are we within the Greater Community of possess a Miami there wasn't a structure to have that conversation or to speak through that or think through those kind of things. It was still kind of in that weird zone of where was that when Houston song like about the children of the future let them lead the way, you know, like you'd still have like performances like in Like lunch period where the kids are seeing that as a kids are doing enacting this thing for the adults in some weird way to I don't know to like project some sense of possibility and future but the real conversation around like will see those lyrics There wasn't like a teacher or somebody leading that conversation. Like what does this mean? What does it mean to make a song like that? What does it mean to try to protect that what is what future is possible for people that this? Long as seems to be describing And discussing but that that wasn't there. What were you doing at the time that kind of caught the eye of people to put you in this program? Like were you what were you drawing? What kind of drawing is that? What it was? You know, it's like it's funny because I don't really typically think of myself having like an inner connection towards the Arts because my family don't make don't make art they are they were not interested in it. My mother was supportive. My dad wasn't when I was younger. He became supportive when I was older, but my My aunt Greenie who's not technical technically my aunt. It's got my godmothers. One of one of those ones. Yeah, it's one of those. You know, we call raunchy. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So and rainy she's so she sees me and I'm like under performing in school because I may be needy and I'm dyslexic and if you haven't been able to re pick up with that on this podcast that like how I jump around a lot of different things I think tangentially, but I usually can't come back around so back to around my aunt rainy. Who was actually someone who worked within the school board and was working with kids with special needs and kind of helped create that curriculum for day County Public Schools. She saw that I just love to draw and that's all I wanted to do and I would sit there and I was drawing like Wolverine I was definitely into the X-Men as a little kid, you know that X-Men like animated special like I remember that just blowing my mind and and I just drew Drew Drew Drew Drew and she's just like, what does he do this all day and she's like in my mom's like that's all he wants to do. He doesn't want to Anything else but do this and she's like no there's school for that and most like for what like for for drawing and she's like, yeah, it's a it's a thing and so I applied to this program at a school called Rainbow Park and I got in and on my first try, you know, sometimes kids have to try multiple times and I just like did you know scheduled a bunch of weird little things and they're like, well, he's gonna have to stop drawing this comic book style though. He can't draw like, huh? You can't do that and I was like, whatever. Ever man just let me draw and so so what age what age are we talking here? I don't know. What's fifth grade these well, that's that's what I cuz we have different Testament 11 12. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and when I got in and I went there and all of a sudden I'm around kids who can draw but then there's like I've always was like a competitive drawers a kid like I'd be like I can draw a Lamborghini better than you or I could draw like / are better than you. What was it about the X-Men Universe it was so appealing for you particularly. Well, I mean, I think probably The line work of those books at that period of time also the the color probably arrangement in those books were probably pretty strong in the time. I remember like, you know, just seeing dazzler and like are seeing certain characters like their power projection, you know, like something like Cyclops or like no Wolverines character that time was still Wolverine, you know, he was still kind of like an aggressive misanthrope, you know, it wasn't something where he you know wasn't Hugh Jackman Wolverine at that point. I think it was that but it was any book it was it was like my believe was an early Wolverine that I picked up. It up with like Wolverine fighting the gray Hulk and that was like on a trip out with my Dad. We were going on a fishing trip in the keys and I was like a little road check place and had a comic book and I remember picking it up and it's all I did the whole trip. I just looked at it. I just like went through it and kept flipping it was doing was it the colors and the illustrations more than the narrative. It was the ink. Yeah. It was the ink it was a lines. It was it was that it was the drawing it was the kind of drawing that later. I would like finds and like looking at a hookah sire if I was looking at, you know Quinn Ashiya-kun asada like that kind of work where that it didn't realize that that was present in Japanese woodblock. It was in the kind of marks or lines. I didn't know that we're like there and owe me a like. I didn't know that there was an actual Connection in drawing and illustration to these other high art forms, but but that's where I could find it. That's where I could get it for $3 or like back then for like a dollar twenty-five. So how did this art school then this program start to change you a pull you away from the immediate lie. It was like, you know, this is the cannon. Here's the Western Canon. Here are the cave drawings paintings. They said they did strip the comics from you. Okay, try to is my mommy and I had it and but like I'd always have to you know, had my little sketch books and I would always draw like weird characters and I was negatively influence but Rob liefeld sorry for your fan out there, but start, you know up for this podcast, but you know the hand thing the arm thing the body structure of that work was not helpful. I understand as a comic artist or as an artist making that kind of work, these are expressive lines that are to Define characters. So I understand that but as a young person what I was looking at and looking for it, it was Anatomy. It was story. It was fantasy. It was a Never Never Ending Story. It was a kind of beautiful it was you you talk to your friends and you all know like weird parts of it are like someone told them. There are they've been reading it went a longer than you and they were kind of let you know. It's like the older brother thing with music like / for me it was with Comics. It was like, you know, someone's older brother like had really been reading like X-Men since the 70s or something or had been reading like Silver Surfer back in the day and they were like tell you about silver surface and Galactica galactica's and all that stuff. Did your folks get it Ma my parents. They were kind of like no, they wanted me to be an athlete, you know, like my family like all the men of my family are pretty good-sized. Mom wanted me to play baseball really badly when you roll your eyes on that. One for the listener. There was there was a little faster than no. It's just more like I just wait. Were you good at baseball go? I'm so cool. I'm horrible. All right, but they didn't organize correctly. No, I just like the drawing. That's all I have. It was like because I think It is a lonely practice. So what they saw was a lonely kid what they saw was like a kid who was like bookish and inside of themself and they wanted me to be externalized. And were you not for a very long time? Okay, you know, I mean was I was I kind of to myself I always had I've always had this very strong friendships. I've always had friends I friends are people who maybe I don't call every day or every year but they're from like kindergarten and if I were to call them they would be a hey, what's up, man? Yeah, it wouldn't be Like I like that kind of friendship possible maintenance friends. That's the best kind of friend. Yeah, seriously, that's the one thing that I would say to you know as advice to like younger me like just low-maintenance friends keep them. And anyone that demands your time and your attention get rid of them so you don't like me anymore. So it's not your woman years old maintenance. They come your emails are like a sentence if I'm lucky actually it is he's very easy to access and this way that's never pretentious this never kind of like hierarchical. It's just like two guys Talking to each other and you're like it's like yeah, it's a friendship in a weird way. That's pretty nice. We just turned that right? Yeah, and I'm humbled. Yes, let's talk about friendship. But so what this is interesting when you talk about friendships and when you talk about community in the art world, yeah, it is interesting how you do find peers that you are. Yeah remain friends that you can have conversations with and every artist. We always talked to in the on the podcast always talk about these Little communities that they build from so it's very small. Yeah, if it's interesting how like some people might see the lonely kid. It's just a different kind of just like different kind of way of expressing. Yeah, I think community and the art world is underrated. Yeah, and I think that the solitary practice also is something that there there is a lot of kinships that are made in the struggle to make work. Yeah and to express yourself. So I kind of like to talk about like a little bit of friendship in the art world. Well, I think for me since I am I'm naturally a bit of a loner so and I mean that like not in some kind of cool way. I just like I seriously like it's like it's like I say in that word has that kind of connotation, but it's like it's like really I am a person who tends to like want to just draw who tends to want to just make my stuff and play with like my toys almost and and play in my imagination. So I've been very lucky to have friends and people in my life. Who would almost almost like not like pull me out of it, like forcefully pull me out of it or always kind of show me in a certain type of kindness. That would always like make me go like, oh, yeah, like these are my friends or these are the people care about me or like they show up for me and I show up for them and like Anna but they've been like tight like tight friends like the kind of guy who would like drive from another state to come help. You move kind of friends, you know, like the kind of people who like when you break up like got you but not in this kind of way. We're like they let you like Be completely unaccountable for your side of your shit. You know, like the people who like like show you reality and like wake you up to it the kind of people who helped you like get a job when you really need it the people who like, you know, you helped get a job when they really need it. And I think that that kind of structure that kind of thing is actually trained you to actually probably be a good Steward of the art community because in this community that you will see people if you stay here long enough that are up and then they go down and other people go up another people go down and I remember years ago hearing like Alex cats talk about this wave. It was like every 10 years. I come back into fashion, you know, and it's like we go sit down and look at some old art forms. You'll see it, you know, you'll see him come in and out and it's that kind of thing that you do in the downtime. It's what you do with your friends in the downtime is what you do your friends in the uptime it it's it's your community and it grows and as where those late-night conversations when you're talking to other artists that isn't about like how much money something sold for or who's getting in what and all that kind of garbage. It's really like those things are about like, you know, what are What kind of universe what kind of universe and dialogue is your work performing and sometimes finding how that I can see your Universe from my universe. I can see what you're performing and what you're creating from my from my plane and what are the shared components of that thing? And then those kind of conversations about our realities in our separate realities and what we share in those realities is what I always find like nurturing and incredible and actually significant. It's just that sometimes you may meet certain people and they're not there yet or they're not a part of that. They're not in that frequency with you and I've learned to be more open to that lack of connectivity. I used to be like a little bit more angry about when that like, why can't you see it my way or why can't we connect and now I'm more or less like I'm more patient. I've lived a little bit long a long enough to now to be able to say like, oh, you know by 3 years old. Be cool. Teaching is helped that a lot because sometimes you'll have perceptions of what you think a student needs and it is not what they need. You'll have perceptions around what you think you can give someone and you actually can't and also you have to be honest. You try to be honest about who you are and what your intentions are with the student and what you think they can do and try not to hamper them as best as you can the hardest thing I think is a teacher depending on the program you're working in sometimes we're in closer proximity to the students. So the issues can be that You become a part of their world instead of them becoming a part of yours. So all of a sudden like like you were in you start to know about their infightings and their their relationships and their struggles with with trying to form a community and it is difficult to be almost like a referee it gets to be frustrating because you can see how some real basic crap keeps people from actually coming together and and also in the space of where they start to feel competitive with each other because because of the art world over because the Art Market that they start to feel that those friendships will start to break down and the weird divisions and the weird quadrants within the market of race identity gender how the work is being viewed. What space is it going to go towards what collectors are interested in what and all this other kind of stuff starts to create such division these wedges and it's like those wedges are they're not they're not the reality that we should be trying to build their the wedges. Of like other people's BS and if we can try to fight against that but it's very hard to fight against that but when you have like a huge student loan debt is very hard to fight against that when you don't have familial support. It's very hard to do that when you're trying to get a studio and that have five jobs. It has been weird watching the Journey of so many young students and some who just come out and they blow up and there they go and some are out there struggling in like but the talent part of it isn't a part of even the equation like I know some kids out there that I've worked with that were Geniuses simply. Geniuses and that they will have their day but right now they're not in the Limelight. They're not able to make it connect somehow for whatever reason that might be back in the this earlier periods. What was what was your art trying to say? What was it reflecting? What were the worlds and how heads that started to change to where it is today? And what were the kind of key moments and in that change of Direction, I think when I look back at my older work a lot of stuff about race. And a lot of things that dealt with my identity as a human being we're coming to questions like very early on and looking at some of the my high school art and even my middle school stuff that I was doing and and it wasn't like bad that time. I didn't really have professors who were showing me like any black artist. Did you have did you have black artists as your peers? Um, as time went on fewer and fewer because it was like the magnet program from like your fifth grade. Then you go into like your middle school and then you would have to test it. Into each one of them and it was like so the spread of of how it was from around the county got larger, but the actual individuals who were actually participants in it. We were fewer and fewer and then there was like as you start getting into like our high school you had started having kids who had very different economic backgrounds extremely wealthy families meme celebrity families, like in all of a sudden you have kids who are from like Carol City in like, you know over town Liberty City, you know ghouls like all these other Where that's not going to be the case. So you start to see this kind of income disparity but yet the students are good kids and generally and for the most part many of them were inclusive and it was almost a little bit like Shangri-La and for me at first, I remember like the first day someone should hug me and I almost punched them because what the fuck are you doing? Because I'm so used to like, okay, you're going to falsely hug me. If someone punched me in the back of the head or someone's going to do something to me like if you were waiting for it was waiting for because it died Middle School had gone to that was all it was. It was just constant fighting so it was Like, you know all of a sudden you're in a space where ever you know, we have like kind of, you know, you're in this like that weird kind of hippie Revival and I yeah, yeah, everybody's we're all creative together. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it was wearing Patchouli and all that kind of stuff and I'm like, what is that smell and and everyone's kind of like, you know and girls are wearing like sandals and flip-flops and I'm like almost kind of his free love Vibe and I'm like, I have no idea what any of this this is, you know, I'm like I'm thinking about I'm thinking about Louis Farrakhan and like on Meet the Press and like all this other kind of like the My home having the debate around politics and what was happening in society was always Forefront so though I might have been walking through a single law like experience. I always had these other things in mind are where I was returning home to was not that space where you're not able to express that stuff when you were at the school because it is it just didn't relate to anybody. It did relate it didn't yeah, I didn't really relate in like there were moments when those things would kind of come out and then they were that's when you'd almost figure out who your friends were because they're the ones who could they may not look like you but they could connect with it and they would see it and they would understand it and some other way other capacity, but then I didn't want to do it. I didn't want to speak to my experience was that I didn't I didn't want to sell my experience. I didn't want to solve this. I didn't want it to be a part of performativity. I felt that the for sometimes it was performativity because it was like, oh you this so you should make this and for me I specially that period of my life I booked Authority. I couldn't that Stan special email Authority could not stand it. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came Means that all you should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I would just feel said yes. Wow, and I would be like, I always like hoping that's not the case. But yeah Jenny story. So I kind of quite common comment threads. Yeah from institution from institutions from from Big institutions. You may know from this would be this would be white teachers waitress. So even it sort of you if you would like if you would have black quite sure they would say the same thing like you have your work has to request going to design Cuz that's the only way you're going to make money. It's a very different era. It was like I was kind of at this weird cusp like in the early like the late 90s early aughts where that was still the conversation because the conversation today is definitely in a different place from where it was then and and do you think that this is this is in a healthier place. There's a better place we have more or is it going too far in one way? What's your experience on this Theory? It's your touch with the youth. I think it's right. I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yes, what have you done today? And I know I it's like I have to listen to them and they are under a lot of pressure in there under a lot of different stressors. And I think it's a different animal because I think a lot of a lot of them have experiences from earlier in their art education to see so many different ways to perform them perform identity if that's the choice that they want to make as a central subject of their work that you are seeing a bit of variety, but I do still do do think that the debate over like figuration versus abstraction within African our African American art or the black dice work. Our form is still like kind of there and it's it go it it up. It's a weird ebb and flow. It's like there's gonna be so many books written about this throughout. You know, they just going forward. It's going to be it's something about self-construction self identity construction and image Warfare of like, how do we perceive do we pursue of ourselves as a whole or do we perceive ourselves? Individuals and the question of what does that mean to feel beholden to the whole versus being beholden to the individual is and the end an individual choice? I believe and sub expression for me as an artist is always been like Paramount, but I remember this one thing and I probably was brought up in this article that we done a little while back about you know, and I'll say it I was like Cooper and I was like me and made it so that guy Herbert Hoover weld in the third with the like to row black painters, I that I could kind of really remember. I mean there was like other people within dysport or you know, black latino Dominican but made Puerto Rican but there was like me and Herbie and I remember I done this painting over break of me as George Washington and it was like, you know with the white hair and the face or whatever and I wasn't like overly tinting my skin tone. I was actually trying to get as close to my like my beautiful brown bronzed complexion deep bronzed complexion and And is me and I'm kind of goofy, you know, I've around face eyeglasses, whatever and I just thought it was funny. And and I remember just like students being like what are you trying to pull over on us? Like what is it you're trying to do here that I think it was so hostile and I was just like I just I was funny if I was being the first black president, you know, like, you know, if that was just funny, you know, but there was no dialogue for it. There was no dialogue from my professors at that time for it. They were not offering any kind of almost give me a reading, you know about like African artists or then I wasn't talking to Carol Walker like no one's doing any of that. You know, it was just simply like we're in post-modernism and like we don't really and I'm like well from what I kind of getting about post-modernism in the sense of merger that that's possible and creating new language like when this fit with inside of that context and it was like but you know, I did not have that language. I was a sophomore or Junior at the time so I was just like no, it's screw it. I'm just going to paint animals. I'm weird stuff will things there you were doing humor, which doesn't have been talking a lot about humors kind of weird place in the Fine Art world. Yeah, and also you were doing yeah exactly. Yeah identity politics. It's a those are at the time I could see being they operate well when they're in the known but like in and it's like when it's not a when it's the unknown which I'm more interested in. It doesn't operate very well because it's something where people come up towards it and it's like it can easily opt in or opt out or I don't know why I'm still trying to Heather that but what was like, what's the for you what's the game-changing moment where? People started looking at figuration and certain elements of black identity and ways that like really brought it into the Lexicon as strong as its, you know has emerged in the last couple of years Thelma gold and student Museum of Harlem. I mean, I think her exhibitions in the 90s like the early like the in the 90s, I believe and then like also in the early aughts like just things that she was trying to bring up around like black male identity a black identity in general. I think that these Shows the pivotal were pivotal and making people at the time. It was a real moment of people either opting in or opting out and you know, coleg writers opting and critics opting in or opting out and like what do you mean by opting in well, because there's a certain condition there's a certain condition of where they don't longer had control over The Narrative of how to perceive this work and that lack of control and that's the that's the so that's why there's a conflict within me even in describing in this in discussing it say like the idea of the rupture that it performs. forms, and I like the idea of the questioning of what it's what is established and who has power and that by just simply putting this black body into a space it somehow there was all of this crap out of whack no matter how liberal the people think they are or how Progressive they think they are when you actually just do something still as simple as that it still creates significant rupture inside of a space and that I cannot deny and I always try to think about like for my own process and this is where the Difference of being a teacher and being an artist comes in or what I'm starting to learn that question of the level of rupture and to the degree it does that work is significant to me now whether for the student that that they were there were there comfortable at with that rupture are what they're comfortable with in the dialogue around the black body around the block form around like identity around like identity in general that is their Journey. It's hard to be supportive and to be critical at The same time in that and when we are using younger and younger artists are moving faster and faster and faster into dialogue and conversation. It's almost as if the the whole system is occurring at the same time the Devolution the Nuance the depth the growth. It's like it's like almost like we're investing and watching it grow as a lecture. How are you changing your approach compared to what you were experiencing when you work it. um I'm way more down for whatever. I I mean in the meaning inside is that's on his CV here. Yeah, it's definitely whatever get a teaching job, but there's no it's like the last thing you put in the resume. Just yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you know around to a bunch of like other topics and then I'm like it down. What is the asked? What does that mean? Don't for whatever just time for whatever man, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I think what it means for me is that I was trained in a very very rigid. Linear parallel actually linear history to my own cultural history artistic history and being brought into that. And then I was having to go back and almost like come down another path to learn the history of my lineage of artists on my own and through like the help of other art Educators or other institutions. I'm so I'm very open to the idea with students like tell me what you know, and then I'll try to tell you as much as I know and I'll try to see if I know anyone else who knows anything more about this for you and the students who are able to pick things up and the ones who when I add they ask me like I have a real problem with less a drawing hands. I have a real problem with doing this something structural informal. I would say these are these These are these examples. These are these lessons I can give you and these things will I know if the best of my ability well Aid you in that but if I do that and then the person doesn't do that work, then you've answered my question a lot of my assignments that actually give to students. To see how do you respond to pressure? How do you respond to questions? How do you how do you articulate yourself as an artist when when given a prompt and that tells me a lot and it tells me sometimes well, they don't go very far or that's enough for them and used to feel that like seeing that's enough for them as like they're lazy and they're not really pushing themselves naked going so much harder and they have so much like potential. And I want to see them do this and I don't know. I mean maybe I was just too many like 80s action movies and Bs. You know like that, you know, it's a culture of that of like you have two years of this grad program and you would come out and you're going to be a fucking Superstar and it's like Nam and maybe you just go work in a like coffee shop for another two years and make some good paintings and then those come out and those are actually the thing that matter do you think there's a wall pressure on on people? I mean, there's always that pressure to be Americans are seen As their best they're winners that will overcome everything. You know when you watch it when you watch an action film when you watch me like the Manifest Destiny kind of thing. I know you know what we like being anything and so some that when creating genocide being being being anything less than extraordinary is a failure, you know, you have to excel being average is failure a failure does not exist. Yes completely and then also like I think if you show expressions of yourself as an individual and people don't Like it you feel like a failure. Yeah, like there's a lot of that as well as lack of support around the individual about the actual individual and and it's like so then people perform the individual process of like let's say gender or Identity or I mean of sexual or racial identity and like kind of in a pluralistic way, which is understandable because we are in the the we are art makers we are in a mode of communication, you know, so to use these certain forms and that's why I would say I used some of the graphic tropes or the comic tropes in my work. There's our modes of expression. I think about as a mode that fits what I want to say the best that said the thing about in our culture when you have education systems where people are from pre-k to 22 and then they're like, I want to go to grad school immediately and then another two years of that where have your personal where's your personal performance formed and that's not to say that you've not had pain that is not to say that you've not had loved the design is a you would not have job isn't to say that you Not grown, but it is to say that a lot of your formative understanding and morality and your judgment and your structure of this understanding of this world has been offered to youth from an Institutional context and like you even if you bucked and you've questioned it, you've been bucking questioning with inside and institutional context and I'm very particular construct. So I'm always a little bit weird about it because I'm like I hate It's cool II actually really really hated school. I made teachers lives. Hell who you are you are you like a little prayer. Was it? Jerk? That was like sure I could think of another way to say I was a little break. It was a jerk. I was cruel. I was very good at because of my family in the way we could make such a kind face though. I know. Well that's the thing, you know, it's like but but then that face will be the face. I'm sure teachers would loathe because like I would sit and I'm very good at listening to Arguments in conversation and I hear when the person slips and I will put that in and I'll put it in my pocket. Yeah, and I'll let them did coming back and then I throw it back at them and then I twist the knife and that was something that that I yeah and specially since my parents were both like had studied history and I was sitting around read history. So if there were something historical that would be was being discussed in a class. I was like, well actually in that date in 1868 like someone sign this here and pop up above a bar and then they would be like, that's correct. Correct. And but I would I'm trying to describe is this a money but you have you know, I was that and I mean, are you ready? Can you recognize those kids in in your oh, yeah, and you're in your class, but what I get back, but it happens back to me cable, but you know, but I realized what it was that I wanted and what I needed that time is that I needed someone like me to offer a bit of training and decorum respect and empathy. So I have a student recently and he's very much with Mirror much of what I was like and he would Louis is him sir. I'm not saying is he knows who he is if he hears this he's pricing and I know he knows and he's listening to Israel and he's laughing to himself. He's like, yeah, that's me, you know and his peers are going like yeah, that's him and I would love to he loves it because I was sometimes I speak in didactics or like one-to-one relationships to kind of but I know there's more than that, and I know that the student needs to slow down and that his And is processing very quickly and it's hard to slow it down and it's hard to kind of like listen and be open and not bring like 10 other readings that you have to the conversation valid. Totally Valley. He probably would be a great teacher someday, but that's that for me. That's the lesson I have to give to him. That's what I have to offer to him from my own life experience is that you might have the ability to actually be a strong leader. So if you can learn how to process those things you mentioned that way that both your parents for historian, the only one historians they are. Deming know my mom she was the head of the breakfast while she was the administrative assistant to the breakfast God. It's been so long. She was administrative assistant to the head of the breakfast food division at Burger King corporate international. Okay, and my dad was a postmaster okay, but they both were people who loved you know any time there was some kind of like documentary on that had to deal with history of 20th century history or like Byzantine period or anything like that. My mom was more like giant Journal World History. My dad was more like American history of the last week. 100 years or so and that was just simply from either living it viewing it and just from complete interest just this novel interest. I listen to a talk you you gave a couple of years ago and you know, the kind of premise of it was almost like revising, you know, it was challenging the the stature that certain figures throughout history had where did where did that start to come? And when did you start to question narratives? I think I've since that whole question around the 30. I've always questioned like the myth-making. In America and the idea of how we perceive or how we're told someone is supposed to be and I think like right now in the president that we have right now that we see this very concerted effort on his part in those people. When his side of his Camp to create a very specific myth around this individuals power status and everything else around it. And then you can see the Battle of hearing that same lie over and over and over again and how it's actually some people are bending to it, you know, and I think think that's the same thing with like, you know chopping down a cherry tree and you know and will not tell a lie and you know, we're the way in which you know, like even the Emancipation Proclamation occurs or like all these kind of stories that leave certain people as Heroes and others as villains the way that we still probably can't really reconcile what happened during the Civil War because there's so much whacked-out narratives and certain things that need to be put to bed and some things about winning and losing that we have to accept in our culture that we were not able to accept for an early age like yeah we would debate like from all weird points from like a racist perspective to like Mount MLK perspective or MLK versus like Malcolm X you know like whatever was up for grabs because it was something I guess my dad was maybe trying to my parents teach me some critical thinking kind of skills I don't know but they just never saw the world as a simple binary and they understood that maybe that there are historic that they also understood that there was a historical truths for why we're in certain situations and I think one side I think from a mother's perspective maybe that comes from the fact that her father died in the Korean War and the way that war is described and the way that war is written and the way it's kind of kind of brushed under the rug I say or not written you're not really for us as America is America we don't really learn about the Korean War and it's like but here we are dealing with North Korea and these Rockets right yeah you know so it's like so here's something that that we have this direct relationship Up to something that we kind of helped form in some to some degree and that we are still dealing with it after all the people who fought in that war are basically dead. So I think to know what here are even when I meet someone from a different culture perspective or someone, you know may be was the people's history of America. That was like something I read like towards the end of my high school years and Howards end. Yeah and just like those kind of moments of like like that itch that you had inside yourself. Like this can't be right. There's something more to this and then to have someone like right out this history that starts to make you think like, okay, I'm just right there is something more to this. There's something more to this or or the way I look at paintings and I would see like Why do these people look like this in paintings? If this was like in 1770s and this person's like 60 years old why they look like this weird kind of baby face. Why did you call polish that person should I've seen people in the Northeast at sick at 60 years old. They don't look like that and they have modern technology, you know, like these people have rotted teeth like blessed skin scabies. Whatever drives they weren't with trust me. Sorry to say most people don't moisturize so I would say back then they probably want more surprising back then and no that's a generality. But no, no, that's that's To be that's going to be the line that we lead with. Yeah, welcome to the podcast white people don't moisturize but I get done. But if this can you give us a funny that night but of white people that don't moisturize but can you give us a fun example of some revisionist history that you've come across I shouldn't use the term revisionist history because that's the name of another podcast. Yeah, but it but it but I think I think revisionism within school books, I think about that a lot I think about the idea that there's like schools that are school districts are Or companies that actually make the school books for all this for the country and each so pretty much each state each like a school district can look at those books and they can make their own choices. They can just edit out certain events. They can change language. They can say, oh, you know, like slavery was like necessary evil. They can take you know, Thomas Jefferson out just take them out, you know, just take them out these kind of moments of these like little micro cuts are the reasons why okay, so it's funny was when you go to college you have this whole thing when you start reading text together. Sir, and since it's the first time I'm kind of dealing with people who matriculated completely not completely but matriculated through other cities systems and then you kind of come together and you can almost set kind of see like the information that they've been fed. And yeah a kopeck exactly what book yeah, you're taking that argument from exactly and so we're sitting there and you'll have these kind of conversations in these kind of stories and you kind of hear things and you offer things to people and you know, you're young so it's kind of like a free-trade experience. But what I've always kind of what I realized was like wow. I don't know this and you don't know that it's so Regional. Yeah, it's so original the way that our education system is like for being from Northern California to South Florida Bay just completely different they're different things and what they'll say about like what happened and let's say in Mexico and talking about the Mexican Revolution or talking about anything any subject. It's that's the problem. It's that like when you start to dig all of it, it's problematic. Yeah. It's like if you think about what we were getting in the news today about anything and eating is the changes that we're having it is constantly under revision. Now that he does have something to do with human perspective that has something to do with the idea that all of us have perspectives around events. It's just that we have for some reason donut do not have the same Collective memory and it doesn't seem that. We're actually doing the work to kind of form a collective memory and history for ourselves. If anything were creating very very different ones where everyone gets to be their own little Heroes and that's Maddie there's something I'm interested in just because of a kind of you know, a lot of what we're talking about comes down to you know access to information to free speech as someone that's involved in the institutions. What do you think about the idea of no platforming and kind of cancel culture? The reason I bring this up is because we were talking last night about this with Anna after we went for a couple of beers and it was like, you know, what do you think? You know it was who was it my own? All right guy. His name doesn't even deserve to be made Berkeley the campus it started. Yeah, so someone that's in the institution if someone like that was invited to speak out your school that's happened. Yes. What's your where's your kind of line on that complicated? Okay, it's complicated because it's easier as a student to be able to say after this guy get them out of here. It's easier as an artist to say F this guy get him out of here, but then when you're working as a Barman Part of an institution and you're working under what the guidelines of that institution believes if they do believe in free speech and what Free Speech entails, is that a racist xenophobic piece of garbage can speak like anywhere that they want and be invited to an institution and do that work. You know then I am kind of like, okay. All right. I see as much as you don't like it. Yeah, you're kind of you have to boil it down to that that fundamental. Okay, so I believe in the institution who believes in free speech. So if we are going to go by that Foundation then I have to develop you start you learn or you you develop ways to tell the guy to fuck off because like you actually you start you start seeing what there are humans and you can develop your own argument if we stage works both ways, right? So so people should The protests and people should be able to speak their mind about it. And and then I think that there is room for dinner debate and if an institution decides that they want to have that individual there then they had then you also have to deal with the repercussions of that and that meaning that the when you say the word repercussions right now in this moment, it seems like it has to be something violent but the repercussions means that no you need to actually do the thing that's hardest to do in this culture is how the conversation and that means that then you're going to have to have a real debate a real conversation with either students or certain proponents of on both sides. It actually took us what is it that we're dealing with that is the point of the institution of higher education is to have those kind of conversations as hard as they may be because generally in our most of our society they're not equipped or they're not willing or whatever that might be to do that I say when they say not equipped is that for most of the dialogue and conversation that we're kind of having either if it's in the written form if it's in the digitized form if it's in the video put like platform form, like there's a brevity to that the the Tribulation part of like education comes from the sitting moments in between and the re coming back to the questions coming back to the answers reinterpreting them having that conversation the debate like that is where it kind of forms. It's just that when that space is not allowed to do that or that space because it's become so monetized and has become such a customer service driven. Even Enterprise that it doesn't want to deal with the customer not being right that it starts to get into ozone of well. Whom what then where is the space to have this debate? Because we don't have like a show on TV that for one hour where two people just have a debate anymore. Like they did back in the day. Yeah, you know, I think I sexy enough think it's important to for people like this person were talking about to go to a place where people are attempting to make sense of the world attempting to become more enlightened attempting to learn more and they don't like what you're saying and they and what you're saying is repulsive and they find what you're saying to be not part of what being enlightens all about and I actually enjoy them seeing that protest in front of them because they don't really get that well yeah because they get it in different it's like it's a more articulate protocol everything I appreciate why I think that so often issues over there or the issues over here and until the issues actually at your doorstep do you find out where you sit that's in told until it hits your doorstep you don't know where you're from Friends actually sit on things so I think that it's important and is as brutal as it is and as maybe me psychically damaging as it may be for some people it's We're All in This Together that is something I truly believe I think that is the hardest thing. That I've been able to try to deal with in this presidency is the practice of some type of empathy to try to have like the conversations with individuals who do not see me as human to have conversations with people who do not respect me and to try to like understand and navigate and that win an argument not to beat them but to hear them and to understand the try to perceive their perspective trying to perceive their reality and how they may have come to whatever. Since they have and that has been some of the hardest work. I've think I've ever done because I don't know if it will put it where it goes. It doesn't give me an easy answer and I don't go to bed and go like oh, I just had this conversation with someone who really thinks that Trump supporters are not all evil because they met one who helped them do something and so Ergo, they're not actually racist, you know that kind of thing happens and you know, and it might be someone you just meet and then you have to have that conversation and it's not a comfortable conversation to have with someone about the respect. I was just If you have and is also very hard not to have that conversation and not trying to win and that try to beat them and trying to make them to change them to change them. You know, it's like this thing and I think growing up the way I grew up and the places and how my body's moved certain spaces is that I've seen so many weird perspectives. I've seen so many races liberals in my life. I've met so many there's this place back home and Homestead and it says used to be this kind of real redneck. He kind of space you have a giant like rebel flag on top of the roof of this building and they kind of a tourist location. They don't have the rebel flag anymore. But I remember it when I was a kid and made my wife. My wife is white we get out of this car and this larger heavyset white man who is like in a little golf cart drives up. He's like who's your Pappy? And so my wife had that moment is kind of going like whoa, what is this? You know, she's not from the she's from the north. Just knowing this is new. Yeah, and I go like Mark Gibson's my dad and he goes like tell your Pappy I said hi and he drove away and my dad had done. Thing where you know, he was a postmaster who serve the community and the postmaster back then Aaron some smaller communities is like seeing as like, you know official. Yeah, you know, and so I look a lot like my dad. So it was this kind of thing where you where you were around people who would have like a rebel flag on their shirt or on their car or on whatever and you have to listen to their belief systems around what they think that thing means for them, you know, but then I would offer what what I believe it means for me and then suddenly they it goes It cover it could because there's but the thing is that that that conversation is about 2 inches deep that are actual real conversations about 2 inches deep and it's about it's pretty much gotten even thinner because of Rush Limbaugh because of like Fox News because of industries that are designed to keep it at a shorthand perspective of like that that that that that and that's why you should do this sign bites. Ya sound bites that lead them than to here's the action. You should take that benefits. Not you but somebody else so when you Get them beyond that sound bite, which is actually the sound bite that has been very well perfected. I think it was Newt Gingrich. You actually kind of came up with these the very like Pacific wedge words and wedge issue words that when executed within a speed when within speech that they would break down conversation rapidly, but if you sit beyond that and if you move beyond that, they have no other recourse and then you find a quickly they find even quickly that there is nothing really behind. That argument and then they have to become one thing and the one thing that's usually starts to happen something that they have probably haven't felt in a very long time is empathy and they have to start going. Oh, oh, I guess I could see how that would offend. Oh I could see how that could be painful that's not all cases. And that's just another problem that we have when I talk about things I have to also accept the fact that this is not all cases. This is not everyone any time I ever and I think that's the another problem is like anytime. no I put my voice on a mic anytime I know I write something that the perception is that I'm talking about a whole a generality and it's not that when I talk on the in this thing comes back into the art is that when I'm making the work that I make I I think as a younger person I wanted to see how could I speak to everyone and as an older as I'm getting older getting older I'm starting I'm starting to say how can I speak for myself and when I started to do that that's when it became clear that's when I started communicating Munich ating with other people that's when I was on a certain ground where I'm not trying to tell you about the universe and everything that's in it and why you should see the this way but I'm just saying this is this neck of the woods this is my perspective on it this is something I've experienced something to maybe you've experienced and perhaps if I say if I if I bring it to you this way maybe we can start walking down the road together because for me this whole Enterprise of humanity in the end of the day comes down to this is that if we do not walk together if we do not Talk together we will fail once we stop doing that the action and the communication. It's all over do you think our is accessible enough for young African-American kids? I'm do you think that they are as interested as more so and what does that change as they go up? I mean, I think you know, I wanted my knees to be an artist. You know, she had a really interesting hand, you know, she could kind of mimic some things I was doing and early early age. You know, I wanted her maybe again to the magnet programs. I saw the benefits of like getting into the Arts and you know for me and what I'm some of the And I've had in my life but I but no did she just it wasn't for her and that's the thing. It's not for everyone and I don't think it should become like an Enterprise in itself of like of wealth distribution or like we're going to get these people out of this community through ART, you know, and this thing it's like maybe they're not an artist, you know, maybe they're just not an artist. Maybe they don't really care about it, you know, maybe there's plenty of people my dad can actually draw extremely well and when you ever he retired he started drawing and painting and he was good. He's very good. He's a better color than I am. I hate it. It's great. My mom can draw beautifully never did this when I was a kid because they just like, I don't know I had to get a job. So I do think that they're I'm happy to see that there's so many people of color and so many people different bodies that are actually accessing the Arts. I think it's incredible. I think that the conversation is so much more healthier than it has ever been. I think I when I look around the room and I see just different people and I hear different people listening to each other expressing what they want to do with their lives and Want to make in the world? I'm just I'm like, you don't even know what it was like even 10 years ago, even 20 years ago, and I remember going to openings and I hate to go new openings in Chelsea because I was like, I'm the only one and if there's another one that person is like 30 years older than me or that person's completely, you know in a different track than me and just because we're the only two bodies that look the same we may have nothing in common whatsoever, but everyone assumes that we should and so, you know, what kind of pressures that to put on someone Ooh, you know what? I mean, he just wants to go to an art show. What does that even mean to just go to an art show? I don't know. So it's like these kind of feelings of like walking into certain spaces and becoming comfortable with them like I'm comfortable right now in this Fair because I have Evan who I've talked to of several times, you know in different formats. I have like other galleries that I've known over the years and I've met and I've seen them go from from interns to Gallery. I've seen Artisan students that I've had in my life and I see them on the cover of your magazine, you know, I see people that I realize that this inter woven entangled kind of thing is working even in some people don't want it to it's like that that Arc of History moves towards light comment is something I believe in is that we almost can't help it we have to nurture it we have to fight for it but I do think that we almost can't help it the fight isn't as hard as we make it out to seem we do have a desire to be to unify we do have a desire to be together we do have a desire to heal things it's just that the the immediate I don't know reptilian part of our like primate brain sometimes say is mine and when it says mine it says not yours and then You go. I'll go mine and then it gets really ugly for very long period of time but then hopefully we come back to reason so our language is trying to change a pace that are something internal almost isn't prepared to catch up with. Yeah. It's I think it's a part of the struggle and I think that art has that ability to kind of display our talk about our compromise selves and to think about like what it is that we are actually trying to do and then sometimes we actually can come to Art and see that struggle and see that car. For myself and it's that also has a become older and as a teacher I started to look at and I would maybe say to a student you do know this or you could be doing that but they're there yet. They're just not there yet and they don't they don't see that yet. But the thing is I have to also shut the fuck up a bit and look at it and say like maybe I'm not there yet. Maybe I don't understand that yet. Like what do I know about being a queer 21 year old woman really nothing other than when I've read whatever whatever they listen to and trying to come to it with an empathetic heart but when it comes down to it I also have to be humbled by the fact that I do not walk in their shoes as the hopefully they are humble enough to be able to access that as well so we've gone this far into this conversation we haven't even talked about the work that you have here oh Anna and when we walked in a booth earlier with with MB Gallery yeah you're very happy with the work they I'm very happy with the what I want you to talk a little bit about it we should talk about your word yes I feel like we ran over in 10-15 minutes until we have any thoughts about your newest work but it's but it's great because we were saying how there's some new techniques you were trying the subjects some parts of the subject matter that are really in fascinating just talk what why black and white yeah why black and white yeah because you because you you do use color you have used color yes I'm but this one you've chosen not to okay so assignment for the juxtapose show to do something they're at the right time it was perfect but it was like under the principle of something I've always believed is keep it simple stupid there was something kind of happening in the work where I started making these larger drawings with ink and I on paper and they were just coming out and I was just executing them and they were just like like damn like damn and like anytime I was I started thinking about like this idea of falling forward like because ink can't you can't read act the same way with ink on paper that you can and in other mediums and so you have to you have to Freestyle you have to improv you have to like you have to fall forward the sound and the rhythm of the of the drawing is Just Happening you got to work with it so whatever concept you have your in it and it gets deeper usually if you fly yourself to do it so for a long time when my friends are not another artist Austin lie but 10 years ago this dude was like when we were in grad school is like why don't you just go black and white and I was like man get out of here with that You know and I was like I like says Austin he does like it was colorful. And so I we have so we you know, we always had these conversations around color and color and high-impact color. And so my large my idea my design the mode I was using color was to work high impact with with compositional subject and and forms that actually were maybe possibly disturbing or that were off-putting. But so that your I was like attracted but then you're kind of locked in this like Loop and so that's why I was using that kind of color but as the conversation started to shift and as the politics started to shift and the books that were I make are always black and white drawings always like the base principle of are the Cornerstone of my practice. I was like, well, let's see what I can do with it. And let's see what happens if I just kind of like give myself further over to this practice and so I started making work that didn't need to be reconfigured and its interpretation from sketch to larger implementation is it's the best way it's the best way I could kind of say is that my eyes would always my brain rules have to think I would maybe make it black and white drawing or sketch and then I have to figure out how to color operate inside of it and what is it called how to make it and make it a big camera making the canvas piece and all this other kind of thing and then it was like I looked back at a drawing or painting I'd made maybe to one to two years before I actually had gone to grad school and it was very similar subject and but not an execution to was something I was working on at the time for NADA and I was looking at it and I was like oh my God how did I do that like how do they do that and then it dawned on me like how I like changed it how about what I would have manipulated the material to do that and I was like oh my God that's it and so then I just started going back to the studio started prepping surfaces and then I started doing it I was even talking to my grad students about it was I'm like trying to tell to them about service has and building proper services and painting and like how much that affects the work itself and and then I one day I was like okay I got to tell you something all right I'm not a sham but I am I there's something I've always I've been I've been I've been should have been doing a long time ago and I haven't done it and I'm going to do it this weekend and I'm going to do it and there and there were like kind of you know like they're like what are you talking about right and and I do it in executed it and I and it's been it it's this kind of directness and so the imagery that you'll see in the booth is a lot more it has like the speed and it has the contact that I've had in my other drawings but now it's in this kind of painted form and it creates this kind of it hits hard but has a slow burn it's something we see it at first you think you got it but when you sit talks it with it it just keeps revealing itself and revealing itself and revealing itself and revealing itself and it's something that I've always appreciated does that to make a an image that actually has duration ocean with inside of it I've loved the idea that a painting has that type of potential and so with that like the real understanding for the show itself or the bodies of work because I was always thinking of it as a show I know it's a booth in a fair and people just walk by yada yada but I want those bodies to stop and they see and they start to make connections to kind of have something there for them that's my promise to the to the viewer it's also rare to have a solo booth at a fair to so there is something where it is kind of like yours yeah it is it is and so the idea was to talk about the idea the name I gave it was like the common factor and similar to if you're talking to a friend of yours and you just broken up with like the umpteenth person and then your friend is like and you're going on about how this person was so horrible and well I'm saying all this but this is actually about me and then someone my friend is doing this thing it's definitely me yeah it was definitely me and then this guy says to me he says just like here look step back and look at the common factor in all your relationships and it's you and I was just like God damn and I think about that a lot and but in this case I was trying to think about white supremacy being this common factor and a lot of the ills or ills of this country kind of going way back and when I think about white supremacy when I was trying to actually execute inside of this is that there was another piece that was supposed to be a part of this this exhibition there's maybe three other large pieces that were supposed to be a part of this exhibition that one was called the Battle of nortre Dame and it was to almost commemorate the the Notre Dame students who fought against the Ku Klux Klan and the early 1920s when they came to South Bend Indiana they had come to there to kind of celebrate their wins and the political system and lost voting period that had that had at that had happened and they come to this town and they're celebrating their thing and but they also come into a Catholic community and for those who don't know the clan hated Catholics hated them immensely and hated the poop and hated everything about Catholics and definitely hit it the Irish so these young Irish students they get into a brawl with them and they get dirty and they start kicking their butts and they're like taking the robes and then you know glass bottles they kids actually had a wheelbarrow potatoes and were tossing them out of my know that's kind of weird but like but but apparently effect yeah fairly effective you know it has some kind of spray particular it's like a joke but it's what happened and was this the potato thing was this is post famine no yes I don't know this would be something connected to the eye Irishman yeah yeah that's what it was that sort of would be students are chucking these potatoes I think it's guys and but supposedly the next year the school takes on the name I forget the direct individual who supposedly quoted This this term has been used before I had been used during the Civil War to describe the Irish the Fighting Irish yep so it's like to think about that if you think about that history of that school especially the history of school as it relates to race even to think of them as also a marginalized people as a people of the people who were put under white suppression dad even Scottish people under a white suppression you know power and how we think about it and how we name it and how it's taken its forms is complex and so I didn't I wanted to have a booth there kind of show like we're all in this together that we all have fought these five these this fight against this this this is MM and so what can we do together how do we establish ourselves to get to a place to where we can actually support each other and make change to make significant change I know this is all all like out there stuff maybe for a bunch of paintings in a booth perhaps but like these are the things that I'm concerned with this is the nature of the words is your thought process as you're going into creating this is this is part of the dialogue this is where the dialogue I did one about Charlottesville had another one pest control with with she's like kind of like as if like clansmen are nuisances and they're like getting in mousetraps and they're like getting like sprayed with like you know bug spray and everything else but you know some of it that that's more of a comedic humors take ours Definitely that humor humor is element, but then it can very quickly get you know, you like. Okay cool. This is funny. And that is I cheat. Oh shit. This is this is actually really heavy. What would I was talking with an artist? I'm talking with a painter Amy Solomon last night. We're having this conversation and about painting and drawing and abstraction and everything else and we both were talking about the comedic the line in comic books those like Rush lines are motion lines, you know, and like when there was a when those are seen inside of painting or when they seen inside of movement when they actually do the job of net actually Telegraph where they come in where they start where the end all that stuff where they begin and end that it's something that we internalize as a as a human being when we see that type of action on a canvas. So when I'm making these things and I'm moving and I'm kind of doing them in a rapid fashion and then if I slow down and I kind of articulate something like that Ike I do believe that inherently there is a body sense. There is like an understanding of like goopy sticky heavyweight deformity. There is a thing. that you feel when bodies are tussling with each other and they're gripping at each other and they're fighting for something I love that about the nature of that kind of graphic comic nature you know that's what the political potential of I think it has I think that's a pretty good place to to end it yeah and there's a lot of weird little comments that are probably inside of this and hopefully we'll get edited as I'm looking at my friend well they did nothing you let it know exactly what you want out of it you were talking about making your new work with the students it was the most Kiki are thing that you said the whole entire time it was a it was like adorable this is like you and the art school kid you're like I'm do a trick and we go experiment with this and the kids like it's just like one of those great like this artist conversations at the so great I love when artists talk like technique with each other that's what it's so great because it's like it's like exactly what it should be in so I love that well that's what is why it can't get hung up about art education with because it's like you know it is like hopefully I have something to offer them in and we're just held like sitting around just being honest with each other about what we don't know and what we do know and then offering that knowledge back and forth to each other that's it and it's really good for people to know that you're making artwork and you're going to go experiment this yeah and you're dead in your still experimenting like you can just be like I made no no no shows and I'm fucking on I'm just chilling like no no it's the truth and I think it's like it's I want them to have be able to have that conversation with each other so I have to have that conversation with them and I have to like and I just and all things it's not always easy but in all things is just like even when getting to know you guys in this moment and talking with each other it's like I'm just trying to be as honest as I possibly can be I don't know where to like I said earlier know where it leads I just know that this feels better to me than in than the other than the possible other scenarios you know once again all right thank you whoo yeah