Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still enjoyListen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring peace in a country like this one. one Do do you not like our country? Well, I mean, yes, we have problems and granted so do other countries but I mean, we really need some peace right now. Let's be honest. Well, let's see what the 2020 elections do for this country Rowley and Drew. Cool, so we got friends. Yeah, we definitely have friends not just you're not my only friend Kevin. Belie, believe it or not. You know what? I'm not I'm not going to take it too harshly because I'm glad that you have friends and believe it or not. I do too. I'll go to ABDO. Yeah Scoot a little closer to the mic their calves your little you'll dis. I feel like I'm hogging the mic here. Yeah. Yeah. It comes out right here to me like a laser to you. Gotta get up. You mean they're human. They're Oh, yeah double punch. I'm a sound guy but it's nerves you don't get close to me. We're going to get close again together Jalen. We usually always get close. We have to start with a hug again. Oh, let's do it first. All right, let's go. We're hugging good awesome. So we have friends and I wait a second. No, it's good. It's all okay. It's like I thought it was software issues know so I I am contractually obligated now to mention that in is my my best friend. So he was upset that I didn't talk to him talk not talk to him talk about him some lemon there. There it is. He since high school. I talked about my best friend from high school. You did. Yeah, and now I'll talk about Christian. He's in the Marines and he is a good boy. Very good boy. Yeah. Thanks for fighting for our country, man. Yes good. Very good job Christian. But anyway, we got friend we have friend and we've been asking them about things they want. To talk about well, what well what whoa, what are those things? Well, one of the things I we talked about briefly my friend jernard from work wanted me to talk about the hot dog sandwich debate again. Oh, okay. Yeah, we're going to bring this up. Yep. So I'm gonna put this to bed right now for anyone listening hot dog, not a sandwich. All right. So for one thing it's one piece of bread. It's not two pieces of bread. You need two pieces of bread to make a sandwich. All right, that's so that's number one. One let's debate breaks. Then your hot dogs. Just saying the all right breaks. I'm gonna spend one of clumsy people. Imma spend one of my curse words right here. Then you're fucked. Then then your hot dog is it spoiled is ruin the the hot dogs going to fall out and and get a new hot tub. Yep. Get a new hot dog. Then it doesn't function as a hot dog. So that brings me to the second Point. Second point is a saying what you eat, you know, horizontally hot doggy kind of like a taco flesh and you have to because the meat is cylindrical and so you got to leave in this little this little bun crevice. And if that if that breaks there goes your wiener. There it goes man there goes so it's not a hot off into the sunset hot dogs not a sandwich because one is one piece of bread to you eat it like hot dog style and three because I said so, okay, but okay, so now here's no let me talk about my best friend. Okay. All right, his really knows, you know, I well I'm still going we need a devil's advocate. Oh, no, get him out of here woman. Okay. Oliver said Oliver doesn't know anything Oliver said no. Is a taco it's not a joke. It's carbs. It's cars. I'm just saying because we because of the car is carbs bread is carbs. So that's carbs around a nice. You can't decide free. So the hot dog is also carbs around the meat with one side free and just like, you know, what else is carbs? Yeah cake cake is carbs. You guys make it doesn't make it Brad. It doesn't make up a meeting. But let's fight. Let's get in a taco. Okay, that's a fair point. My that was a bad analogy. But but okay, but Okay taco necessitate the tortilla. Hmm. You need a tortilla to have a taco but we're talking let's define Taco as something surrounded by carbs. No because the real wraps is a taco then then then a corn dog isn't our apps a burrito just cut into SEC what you just said if it's surrounded by cars, and it's a ton of On three sides though on three one this left bottom right? Well, okay, then it depends on how full your hot dog. Is he a real girthy wiener? And you're in your hot dog, then that buns all you to capture like 50% of it. And then what is it? It's just an overflowing Taco. That's it's with them by your metrics. It's no longer talking if you gotta go really got a little pencil taco or pencil hot dog, and then the bun just enveloped the whole thing then what is it then is it a burrito? Oh, man. These are bad arguments. Taco is its own thing Taco needs a tortilla and a hot dog is not a sandwich and it's definitely definitely Kevin not a taco not a taco out of breath. You don't know anything. I'm sorry, buddy. I tried to fight for moving on next. Habakkuk stops pick one of these up above Baba great great great. Terrific. We're gonna we're gonna go on to this next hot mess of a topic know well, well well to talk about cereal this is gonna be a long day. Nope. Okay. I think you already know where I stand on this and I hate it. Okay, was it terrible argument? Okay, so it's between is cereal a soup or a salad. It's it's own thing. I think it's a salad its own. Thing if you had to pick between one though, like yes serials, it's something I'll give you that but if you like had to pick something you were held at gunpoint dalen this man. Okay has it. All right has a AK-47 at your head and he says which one cereal or salad. cereal Wait, no, no, no. Okay. No, no. Okay. Now you're you're caught by the mob he comes up to you and he goes I need you to pick is a Serial a soup or a salad. If you don't pick then I'm gonna send you in with the dogs. Oh, no, are they cute puppies? No, they're Rottweilers with the they have spikes on the car. So, you know that they're bad dog. Oh, no, those are bad dogs. I mean all dogs are good boys, but you know, we raise them up as bad because they're scared because that's how dogs are all dogs are good dogs until they can trust their owner. Okay, I wow who would have thought my life being threatened over a Serial a second time in the same day. Whoa. Oh, okay. Mr. Mobster, sir. Yes. My my choice is it's a soup. What do I die if you're the monster if you survive because there's no wrong answer in so why is he doing this to me? I don't I mean she just wants us to know where we stand way. So that was a woman you're now. Well, oh, I mean the monster could be a woman sure women can be mobsters and it can be Mobsters. I mean, let's criminals is for everybody. Yeah. Chris is for everybody. This is for everybody. I think I'll just wants to know where we stand. You're a soup guy. I'm a soup guy. I'm a solid guy your are. Kevin give the people you are being because it's terrible. Okay, here's my argument just like how salads there's different types of salads, right? There's fruit salad. There's really no regular Caesar salad. There's like all these different Cobb salad. There's all these different types of salads Cobb salad is like a mixture of apples and vegetables fruit salad is all vegetables Caesar salad is normally all vegetables as well. There can be a mixed of this base it just like how you can mix your cereals. Don't tell me that you've never mixed your cereals before. Like half Honey Nut Cheerios half regular Cheerios are have Frosted Flakes and you know, what sometimes gets out bananas in there just like the O2 but I mean, I'm just saying you've done it just like a salad the milk is the dressing. It's some hold on. There's not just ranch dressing. There's different dressings. We got all these other some people have their cereal with regular milk. Some people have two percent milk personally. I don't have that because I don't know what the other 98% is and then some people have low fat milk. Some people have lactose free milk. People have almond milk chocolate or maybe you know what the most people have be Rios cereal with Bierce God. It's disgusting but people do it make your people have that's different dressings different salads as a base different dressings as well. So cereal can be seen as a salad is so soggy. It's be seen though. Well, they say but here's the thing fruit salad is a salad. Yeah. What's the dressing on the fruit? Salad? What makes that a salad honey? You put honey and fruit salad. Yeah. That seems like Overkill. Nah, dude, it's dude. You gotta try it. No, it keeps the keeps the granolas on there. Oh this granola and it to ya in a fruit salad. You gotta get your watermelon. You got your mangoes. You got your cantaloupe. I've been eating some pores. You got strawberries. You got pears and apples. You'll mix them up. You put some honey on there some some some granola and some some cottage cheese to okay, but then how does this translate to a Serial building? So you're saying that because you can mix and match the different cereal pieces. Yes, and It just like you can add different kinds of vegetables to his to a salad. Yes, and then you can pour milk over like you pour the dressing over the salad. Yes, that makes it a salad. Yes. But it's not it's like it's like it's not like cucumbers. All right, and then you like chop them up and you put them in a bowl and you just like filled is and he's just like you cover them in ranch dressing and you ate that with a spoon that's disgusting. That's not us then that is more of a soup. Someone brought that argument up to me because it was not only liquid only brought this up to me. She said but you don't eat salad with a spoon. That's also really good point. That's all. And that I'm not gonna lie. I didn't know how to respond to that. She gets there you go little yeah. Yeah way to go little yeah. Yeah Lily. I'll put an audience cheering. All right, we have an audience so that right Tuesday talks filmed in front of a live studio audience. What's another topic looking? Ok? Ok, let's move away from these controversial to yeah. We're getting too controversial. Oh my brother Kyle. Okay. He said he wanted to know he he saw all this question online and he really liked it. So he wanted a pose it to us if we were both demons. All right. Wow, it's really hitting me I guess you but I was orgasms like hello. You played a demon surtur. All right, if we were demons, okay, what ritual would summon us? So for instance, he likes to cook La teammate. He makes really good food. I had some of this chicken yesterday and like potatoes got Brussels about the Brussels sprout to die. Yes. Tie-dye chefs kiss one love it anyway, so he's a chef boy. So he said maybe garnishing a plate of food. Just just right what someone Kyle the Dimond Kyle the demon. I put a deer that he's a food demon. He's a what is it? It's not sloth. Slaughter the seven sins one of them is eating I think a gluttony gluttony. Yes, so he's like, let me kind of demon perhaps but he makes the food so much not so much that he eats it. Yes. Okay. She's also really nice guy. So he said that if you just asked nicely maybe he'd show up it also poof up. There. He goes. Oh, hi. How's your day? Because that's how he talks. So what would be your ritual like a good neighbor State Farm is there you don't work for State Farm. I could be ignored. From State Farm. Yeah, that's how you summon. Okay. Okay. Actually, here's how you summon me you put on a pair of sunglasses, but I would like they have to look good on you. It's a thing because people have their sunglasses every every person has their specific sunglasses. Let me see so o daylan's getting ready for show-and-tell over here. Yeah. I just want to you you're the sunglasses guy. So I am the somebody to tell me I'll put some on right now. I'm doing this so you can tell me if these would be an appropriate pair to summon. You with already knew what these okay ready, but the money all right reveal. Whoa. Yes. Yeah those look great on you. Alright. So I've summoned Kevin the demon. Yes a great pair of sunglasses beautiful. Yeah. Number one choice a great pair of sunglasses. The other thing that would possibly summon me is, you know, if you just Spell my name with a Why seven times in a mirror backwards. Yeah lights off and just and then you say Kevin Devon Melvin Belvin Evan Devon Chad. Why why why why why because those are my doppelgangers are these people? You know, that look like Killers? No. No, it's not. It's just a movie concept. I had where I start a band of seven of us. Okay, and we're all And you also I'm Kevin and then there's Devin Devin Melvin Melvin Stephen. Yeah, basically they also been spelled our names with why the end? Yeah, and then Chad how you'd basically okay. What would someone you dalen? I don't know. I like D and E and A Big Nerd, so maybe rolling a D20 and like getting a natural 20 and then say hail Dale and or something and maybe I'll be like yeah. Sure. What's up? Dude? There's a D20 hard to get we mean the D20 is like the 20. On the diarrhea. So what okay, we're getting some nerd technical jars. I've never played D&D. Yeah, right. So let me let me let me let me explain it to you when I say D20 DC is like short for die. Right a D20 we mean 20-sided die. So it's just want to say D20. It just means the size of the die. But when I say you roll a natural 20 on it like you just naturally roll a 20 Yahweh. You don't add any modifiers to get that 20 its natural, right? It just lands on. So if I say d 48 that means a forty eight sided die. Yeah, I mean you could buy a d 48 but they're very nice and like you have to special order it but like this programs that you can just like type in roldy 48 and I'll give you a random number between 148. Okay, the more you know, we're always learning here on the podcast. This is that's what this is all about learning. Of course. This is an educational podcast. What other topics I see Alex there. Yeah my My friend Alex my coworker. She wanted us to talk about core own. Coronavirus. Yes. Yes. Yes the Coronado virus as they say here in San Diego. So what they say have you not heard that I've met a lot of people have been calling at the Coronado virus why I I don't know. It sounds people in Coronado with it. No, I think it's just people from San Diego going like that car out a sounds like Coronado Coronado virus and then they laugh and post it on Facebook. So he's really this is like 40 year old moms. You know that Facebook too. I don't Or interact with a lot of 40 year old moms, but did you hear that? I think the San Francisco recently declared a state of emergency over the coronavirus really elated to I heard what does is make this way down a flight attendant I think like landed in LA and she had it or something like that. What? Whoa, are you let me let me are you worried about the coronavirus like know something that you know your Vigilant about like if someone cops you're gonna go kurono and then go Rono. No, I mean I work up at UTC Mall which which is really close to I left them all. Yeah, it's pretty very bujji. They're even which is near UCSD which has a lot of Chinese foreign exchange students. So other people around me get nervous, but I don't because I'm decently well informed I read headlines on the internet. Yeah, and the people who do freaked out that sounds a little more like racial profiling which is kind of yeah, there's a definite what whoa. Oh, absolutely. It's a big what whoa, but I've read headlines online, right? That's say that the coronavirus is Actually, not any more dangerous than the common flu just people have been dying from it because there are like predisposed to you know, they have like a weakened immune system or they're starving or you know, it's just it's hitting a vulnerable population where it is. So if we catch it early enough and we treat it well enough. Well, we're probably going to be fine. Yeah and think about the modern medicine that we have here compared to you know, where it possibly happened in China. I'm pretty sure it wasn't, you know a city or anything like that. It was somewhere a little more rural than it is urban. You know, I think it was Wuhan in China. I think it's kind of kind of an urban area. I wish I knew my geography better because I don't know where that you asked me to point out where Wuhan is I could not I could not do it. Also. I have studied this not the coronavirus but like more on the news in general when it comes to the United States and like think about the news from the BBC and think about the news like in CNN. CNN is really trying to sell the story and making it like this exciting thing or like this scary. Because we need we need views and we need people to watch us latian land in the BBC. It's just there isn't anything like that. If they don't it doesn't matter on how many views they get. So they literally just say the news as it is and that's it. A lot of people make fun saying the BBC is very boring compared to how CNN is CNN is very much. So like the world is going to end and BBC as like this exist, you know. Well, yeah our news channels are you know, they are run by a few big corporations that and they They got to make a profit. But yeah, I think I think this is gone. This this topic is gone a little too serious. So let's let's Veer it a little bit off to the skirt off to another conversation. Do you have any favorite coronavirus means because that's that's been pretty hot pretty trending. I think it would be it would be it would make for a really good podcast if we sat and we we talked about. Yes, let's connect with the youth here you younglings. And memes, I can't think about it up it up. Maybe this was a bad me neither. I haven't seen it. Have you seen any coronavirus means? I haven't seen it I have would you talk about I really haven't seen any wrong wrong side of the internet there bud II mean my means are I read more like Comics, you know, it's like hard to in comics that people make there's some good ones. I listen to this one. All right. Listen. I read this one called shag and scoob if you've ever heard of it, but it started out as just A big goof. Yeah, just Shaggy and Scooby and Shaggy being like just a goof and it was really really screwed in like brief, but then it started building like a like a world of fandom behind it. Yeah. Yeah and it became this like anime basically the or I guess it's a comic so it's a manga and such a cool thing about the internet, but they have these so like there's always different cartoon characters like Kermit Kermit the Frog, is there make the Frog Here. Yeah, and they all they all have these different powers called ballyhoos and they're all like TV related. So like Bugs Bunny's in it and he has this one called like static and he like just shoots like static out of his body and just like deletes and like erases whatever it touches. Oh, no, that's way too much power for Bugs Bunny. Yeah. It's because of who Bugs Bunny is like somebody already has like an immense amount of power. Oh, yeah, but just being Bugs Bunny. He's like pull out a mallet from behind his head or whatever. Yeah, just like I erase you. Yeah, he's here. He's it's good. It's really funny. But I like it like it doesn't take itself seriously and it's decently well drawn. It's it's fun give that a read man. It's a pretty nice. I like it. I recommend it. All right enough of these topics that aren't thanks. Thank you. Thank you to those wonderful people and giving us some things to bounce off of it's just continue this conversation. I'm going to ask you a question doing ask me a question. Come here is the question give it to me. When it when it comes to performing on stage, okay, how much stage fright do you have who depends? Um, does it depend on what you're doing or the size of the audience so both but more so what and where I'm doing it for instance like when I auditioned for Urinetown here or she kills in Syracuse. She kills monsters. I got like kind of nervous a little nervous. It didn't take me too much. Because I this is a comfortable setting I know I know the people I know working with but I went to audition for the San Diego reps. They do like one audition for the whole year. No. Well nice. And yeah, so I went to do that. I showed up at the last minute which already probably wasn't a great idea probably added to the anxiety that built up while I was driving there and just being there and filling out the paperwork there and but but when I went to do the audition got it. His view was so bad. It was very bad. I had to start over like twice my nerves like ooh getting to me and I was like, oh, this is my first professional audition or fish like, oh no honey. You're doing fine. Yeah. I was super glad that I went and I did it and I had my first professional audition and I just felt good because we're going to have really bad auditions. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. They will happen no matter what you can't control that right it's inevitable. So I was just kind of glad I got my first one out of the way, right, you know pick myself up and I just went on with it and I came here and then I got I got I got a little roll here. I enjoy I love being an old man. That's good. I'm glad you got the old man strong. I love your voice. Thank you. Thank you. I don't practice it in my car every day. It's just soak it always hits even like even though I've heard it so many times like always hits it's like dang. I'm glad that's exactly why I do it but I overheard the day that you are simply in this play because you it's a prerequisite you don't usually act. No, I'm not really I've acted twice before this and I have auditioned for it for a professional setting as well one as well. So the first time I acted was I showed up so I was sound designing Twilight Zone over at my high school. And how so fun honestly and I came into the audition rooms like after a long run because of track or it was cross-country then during the time and I ran in and my teacher was like here read this and I was like, okay and I thought he just wanted to see how the script sounded because he was still picking, you know, like which episode he wanted to do out of a couple right? And so I was very tired. I showed up sweaty like, okay and I was like just reading like very Early with like a hoarse voice and he's like cool. Thank you. And then I got a text from Katie who was our stage manager shouted to Kitty Wilkinson the next day saying hey you got cast and I was like, oh, okay. So I sound designed it. I ran the sound and then for that episode I had someone else run it because I was on stage and I only did like a brief monologue and like a couple lines. So it wasn't that. That bad with more monologues that I have done work right now, that's fair and then I auditioned again because we did Greece and I really wanted to be in a because it's grease. It just sounds like a fun show to do dude and I got Danny Zuko. I don't know. It wasn't too bad. It was a lot of fun great show so many memories. And so that was it like that was it? It came to me acting because I was I'm really focusing on I'm a sound guy and so that's what I'm really focusing on. And so what's it called? I did the sound for just like us I sound designed she kills monsters and ran that as well with some help from August and that was so much fun sound designing that show because it was fantasy. Yeah and like so I had to do like Dragon noises and I recorded my dogs bark. Hello - yeah. I slowed it down added some effects and that's how we got the dragon. I had no idea. That's yeah. I know the Game of Thrones sound designer like the air that goes through the dragons and those little sound is also her dog. Oh, that's how I got like the inspiration of like maybe my dog barking some other sounds added and other effects might be good to it. But what kind of dog you have is a little you be Chihuahua or I have a couple of chips and a couple wolves. I got a couple books and couple yep's normally the I was supposed to be a Of the 242 a which was me sound design and she kills monsters and that would have added to the prerequisite but I knew if I was in a show that would also count. So I was like, you know what I'll go out of my comfort zone and I'll audition for the musical and just see what happens and took to build this pretty good. I got a couple lines, you know, it's old man strong. He ain't Waitin and run. Well you deliver them. Well, I deliver them. I'm just like so scared instead of yelling out run. I'm gonna go walk and leave. Yeah, that would be that would be a bit of a new oopsy. Oopsy doopsy, but do you get stage fright? So here's the thing. Tell me your thing. My family my family good they I come from a line of pastors and preachers. Okay. Well, I was yeah, I was born and raised Christian, you know, as soon as I popped out of there. They're like, let's baptize this kid not. Okay. Don't know those are Catholics where Protestant We have our theology background would be Pentecostal, but I'm non-denominational. You didn't wait. I don't know any of these words basically Pentecostal basically, you know, we believe in speaking in tongues and I don't want to speaking in tongues. Yeah, we can talk about this in another awesome because it it goes deep into the theology. Like do you mean like no, no, no, definitely now we try to stay away from the demon talking but I come from a line of like pastors and preachers. Hers my great Granddad. He was like this famous Pastor who started these big churches and TJ and like started a college for people that want like the no not a cult. At least. I hope not he started like a college where like missionaries can like to be missionaries evangelos evangelos and all of these things. And so that was him and then my grandmother's you know, some brothers and sisters they preach my mom preaches my uncle preachers my Had his preached as well. So, you know public speaking is normal in the family. And so I first preached when I was about 10 years old. Wow. Yeah, and like it was like for the kids group and so like they're like, let's have a kid preach and so they asked me first to do it because they're like as your background and like your mom knows what you know, she would guide you in that realm or let's go with your father and I talked about love that's some good stuff. Yeah a little kid talking about love, you know. Was a really good time. It was a fun time. I made fun of the pasture when I was up there and everyone was like, why did you do that? And I was like, yeah, I was like it made people laugh. So it kept them engaged and it let me know that they were awake and not just going to look at that kid up there. He's so cute a little tux always been really cute claw. Thank you so much. I actually have a picture for you. I brought this for the podcast my cousin sent this and let me just say it is a picture of me. I was younger people say that it doesn't look like me my God. It doesn't look like use the hair. Really? Yeah that hair was not. Oh man. I heard it was not doing it for me. No, but that wasn't job looks good. Is that what it is? There's a turkey leg. I have no idea. It's me. So this picture is me aggressively taking a bite out of the part of an animal's leg is what it looks like. He's got a real nice Grimace going on. Yeah. I look real and the corner of my shirt says have no Fear, I'm scared of this little kid though this yeah, this kid is terrifying to be honest. You spooky voice. I don't know him anymore. That's me. Yeah me as a kid was interesting. I'd love to meet him who knows with future technology and Colonial and grow second here and you can get to know don't care of young calves boy. What a guy cat-boy but what about long about way to answer that question. Do you get stage fright when you perform so now because of just How I was brought up. Okay dope dope dope dope dope dope answer. Dalen. Yes, you do you ever get sad sometimes no never well time. Well, I have a solution for you. Oh, well, that is our new sponsor hairs. Are we going into the the sponsors? This is the sponsors right now? Okay. All right. Well our sponsor pair. Oh, I guess something for you when you get depressed. Oh, but I I never did depressed. Do you sometimes get a little sad? Not not ever. I'm happy all the time. Well, then Harris won't help you. Wow, no one rule of improv. Yes, and no, I'm not even a little sad. No. Yes, I'm sad right now. Are you old man strong? No, I'm just so sad is aging me right in front of you Kevin help happens here. You're eating wow lucky for You old man strong whom ye have pairs. Neither parent Kevin. Here's a pair rub that on your chin right fading from my eyes. There we go. Just rub up hair on your chin and don't lose to pressure. Just like one two, three. Oh, I'm not so sure anymore. Exactly. Oh, I feel much better. Yes. Oh God the power of the now I'm so young and power of the pair God. I'm I'm D aging the power of the pair. I'm a teenager again. The power of the man is cracking. Yeah. Yes pair power of the pair. Use promo code Tuesday to grab your own pair today. You killed me off canonically. I'm dead. I'm a fetus. I'm not even a fetus anymore. Looks like Benjamin Button on you you so where does the podcast go from here? I'm dead. I'm canonically dead. Well, I'll just revive you with the power of the pair. Oh, wow, pairs do everything really can use promo code Tuesday TOS da why to bring back your loved ones back to life. I don't know. Oh God you use an apple instead of a pair? No, I'm back to life now because your pairs so magical as strong as what I'm saying. Wow, the power of the pair. Wow, this raise any moral dilemmas being able to just resurrect anyone you'd like with the power of the pair. Definitely not some overpopulation is not a thing. Okay, it's horrific. I'm so glad to hear it. Go buy a pair right now. Amen. So Jalen, yeah. Hi. Do you have a favorite movie? Nope. Well crap again. Now, here's the thing. This is great then okay, we can be configure out what your favorite movie Always it worked out. Yeah. It worked out. I'm gonna bro. I'm proud of you man. All right, because then I yes and your no ha ha ha, you're so much better at this than I am. All right, let's figure out Mike. Line progress practice practice. Okay. This is what happens when you get practice. Okay, so you don't have a favorite movie dude. I am not terribly. I mean there's some moves I really like if I had to I might say Interstellar but it's been so long. Let's limit down if we were okay. So do you have a favorite like movie genre that you like really like going towards that's a good question give this good question. I'm going to answer. Not really. I like fantasy. I like fantasy. Man's still like I don't know if it's good movie. I watch it Thanos you gonna get the stones and snap everybody. I'm in it, you know, okay. It was a good movie. Yeah. I did. Would you rank it anywhere? I want to 10 good movie. Oh, okay. I'd give that we talking and the end we talked to Infinity warp. Let's Okay and game I'm game. I believe that at some point seven point five, okay. Okay, so then what would happen in Athens? Okay, so that's all right. Then what has been in 8.5 in your life? I'd give Infinity war and 8.5. I like the little better. Okay, interesting. Mmm. Okay. Have you seen the Godfather? Nope, nope. Okay. Yes, and I have you have it. I thought it was really good. We can't talk about something you haven't much. Okay. So you watch a lot of fantasy things The Hobbit lord of the Yeah, not as good as the original trilogy, but you know, it's always more load Rings. What's not to love? Hmm? Okay. So you like would you are any of the original Lord of the Rings like out of one of the three? Sorry, it's been too long. But their Lord Almighty is anything from the trilogy above an 8.5 buddy. I'd have to do a re-watch because Infinity Wars little more research there buddy. Oh, yeah it is and I'm only going to watch the extended editions my gosh. Yep. How long are they? Is it like when you Marathon it with extended? I don't know a lot a good day. It's a good that's a good day. Okay, so what's a What's a bad movie that you've seen? Oh, which well, I don't know why this one came to my head. But Kyle if you're listening, you know star Maps God and then immediately after star Maps. So okay. I say we we're just like browsing channels at my dad's house one of these days and we just came across as movie star Maps. I think it was like rated pretty highly toe. And so we - the and we were gonna like sit down and watch we were just browsing it. We like finding some time to kill but we just got like enraptured in this movie because it was so bizarre. It's okay this Dad. Oh my God this okay. Now we can talk about the definitely talk about the son the boy. He wants to become a movie star. And so what he does is oh, I think I know where is he? Yeah, I agree with you. That's it. It's called star mess because he sells a map to like all the different stars of all the celebrities around La and is dead but then actually map see he's a little kid prostitute is that prostitutes him in a bunch of little boys and it was really poorly acted and it's really weird and at some point like he gets some bad with this producer lady. It has 35 percent on Rotten Tomatoes. Look on that box. No, that's not good though. No, it's not but uncocks. It was like four and a half Stars something. I was like, it was weird because we had Cox Cable back then. So did you know then it did a horrible job because I think Cox cable and like Netflix or anything like that. If you see the rating on there, it's not what other people rate it. It's what it thinks. You will rate it. Okay. Well, it was very bad like at some point like this will produce a lady gives them a part but then he shows up to film and his dad is like in his costume and is like acting as him that is so weird. He ends up like he gets up with a shovel and then like I don't respond and this is why it's so all over the place. We're like his grandma's dying or something and is like in love with the moon or something. And then she like flies out the window to like Mary the moon or something. I don't know. What's with the Moon it was so weird and we watch the whole thing and then afterwards there was this this movie the Chinese movie about this like fairies and stir. No. No, this was a second. Well, that's another another really bad movie a little like fairy that came out of a gourd and help this little My gosh, I don't know. I don't know cocks. What are you doing? What are you playing for us? I mean, okay, so we have a basis that so you can you can determine whatever song is who said that and there you go you can base whether a movie is bad or good. We just have to figure out what your 10:00 is what you give attend. I don't know see I'm one of those people that like nothing can ever be attending can never be at existenz the perfect movie and 9.5 never seen a 9.5 before probably Interstellar was pretty good. I might give that a nine baby at 8.5. I don't know making progress. Have you ever seen JoJo rabbit? No, but if it's really good, I actually have it saved on my hard drive because I oh and I'm going to watch it when we say is when I have just snacks to eat and marijuana to smoke and then I'm going to we love to talk about marijuana here. It's legal, you know 13. Yeah. It's legal or of eight. I just want to talk about how I'm going to watch. After I do a lot of cocaine, but I'm just gonna yeah, it's one of them about cocaine. Marijuana is okay, though. Cocaine's a legal cocaine is illegal. Drugs are bad. Definitely don't do that. No stars out of 10. Yeah bad movie cocaine could we don't watch it wasn't Nicolas Cage in that cocaine. Yeah, I think so. I think Nicholas Cage was just an everything. Okay, we're gonna rape Nicholas case on a scale from one to ten as an actor. He I mean he got an Oscar this is that automatically give you like a no No, it doesn't but I mean you got it. I heat up one more. I think you got it as best supporting actor or let's find out where I Google it the meantime, I think of other good movies Star Wars Star Wars there was okay. I mean cinematic if we're like raining these as my best he got. Oh my gosh. Wait, okay, so he was nominated in 2003 for adaptation the received never seen it and then he got he won. Best actor for leaving Las Vegas and 96 and I was gonna also yeah also never seen it. I think I've only seen National Treasure when it comes to make Cajun. It's a movie not no not a good movie. Not a great movie. It starts my love of History to be honest, but that's about it Star Wars Star Wars is love Star Wars. I'm not going to go and say that their movies are exceptional. They're like third. It's like I don't know like a pie that you like but you know, you won't eat forever. I was gonna go with the fruit analogy. Yeah, I was gonna say cereal Like there you got like a bowl of Lucky Charms and it's yum yum delicious and it's definitely not a soup or a salad. It's his own thing. But you can also like make yourself some like house potatoes and like maybe some pancakes to get some bacon on the side, you know, you can make yourself a real nice breakfast or you can have cereal and Star Wars is a Serial. It's a Serial movie it is it is a Serial move. So what's the what's the HomeTown Buffet My Guy? What's the home town hall available? They got home that's they got the had a problem all white people enough of a cornbread mashed potatoes. Yeah, unlimited ice cream. It was the HomeTown Buffet. I'll tell you my hometown buffet was your HomeTown Buffet My Hometown Buffet of movies would have to be and I'm like I can tell you this right now. Well, then my favorite movie no balls. You want The Secret Life of Walter Mitty never watched it. I oh man, please do is I have had a row. It's the one with Ben Stiller. Obviously. I have them. I have the wallet from the movie The Wall. Well, there's a wallet in the movie. That's like this plot Point. Okay, it's a part of the plot. Is that the from the set? No, not from us. I thought I wish I wouldn't use it though. If it was no, but my friend Candice a shout-out to Candace she gave me this wallet for my birthday what and it's from it has like the stitched just like the waterfront movie and it has the life's motto, which is also from my favorite. I watched that movie like think like six times a year. So, is that like Merge from the movie or no, they don't submerge. It's just I think that yeah, what if she got it on Etsy because I people make you know, like stuff like you know how and that's either like by Han Solo's blaster or by this or by the Winston from OverWatch. Are you there? Did somebody say peanut butter is a great game. It's a good game for talking about movies. Yeah. I smite My Hometown Buffet The Secret Life of Walter Mitty close second, honestly JoJo rabbit. Really? Yeah, go watch that shit great movie. I saw it three times and eaters. So funny thing about HomeTown Buffet is actually I used to love HomeTown Buffet as a kid. I would same that was yeah. That was my childhood to its guys the buffet. You don't realize it's just a bunch of old white people and Islam and I love corn bread there. My father loves to retell the story of the time that I went there with all my family and friends for my birthday and my dad was just watching me go back and forth from the cornbread sexy and it's like daylight For the Love of God stop eating the corn bread and I had a piece of my hand and it's kept on Hannah. No. Banana a banana bread. Yeah, please get banana bread. No, so I love corn I locked eyes with him and I just I just stuffed in my mouth. Okay. I know we already talked about this but this just popped into my head. Okay? Okay. So if you had a hot dog made out of corn brush tortillas are made out of corn. I'm just saying I can be a taco. Okay, we can do that because we put some like brisket inside. We're making we're inventing stuff make like a cornbread tortilla. I'm sure you should we should make some and dude one day. We'll have an episode where we just taste test our own invention, dude. Do we do that? I'm so down. Let's do it. I love that. No, that's we should have my brother on for that that one. Yes. He makes the food because he's a chef's kiss so he's up chefs kiss great. He's a good boy, and we love them dearly. I love cooking. Are you think telling my brother? I mean, I love him too. Why not? I do like okay I do but I don't do it enough because time time yeah, it's important but your creative time. No, yeah, definitely for me cooking is more of like it makes me feel close to my grandmother has passed and she was always in the kitchen like she'd like you you're visiting. She's like what should I make for you? Because that like I'm gonna wallow diabolique table. Aleta yes and her and she loved us chefs ksiusha Alice. Amen. What's your favorite dish to what made to eat to eat? Well, what's your what's your what's it called? There's there's a wood for comfort food. Well, if it's see I got Ricky I got like lunch kind of dinner Area mall. Let's hit. Oh boy. Let's smack him up. Let's smack them. That's HomeTown Buffet it breakfast lunch dinner do what it We got what if there was a buffet that you just stay at for like a day like you but I used to eat all that you like 9:00 a.m. They bring the breakfast foods and its got like brunch foods and then they got like lunch. It's a theater you have your ticket. Oh my God. Oh my God. Laughs a oh my God. Watch a movie. Yes, while you're watching the movie way. They're making lunch or a play and then they're making lunch during that show Epic movies about and then you come out lunch. Is there you do as much as you can you go watch another show the Rings your their humpback. Yes exactly. That would be great business. Whoever's going to do that. You're welcome. Wait, we gotta we patented it. We just passed just been today. So don't try to patent it yourself. I called Obama and he said it's yours. I mean, he still has the title sure to call him. Mr. President. Okay, I love hash browns a great. So that's a good side with what I'm going to get. I love eggs, benedict again integrate if you ever go to break. Republic Lizzie knows I went with her recently, but I was telling her I had a burp to I was telling her every time I've been there recently he's gone. Like the surface has gone downhill like not only have I had to wait longer but like they're like house potatoes which you can upgrade and are usually bombastic that come with like balsamic vinegar like brussels sprouts like parmesan and like oh, it's so good onions food so good but like the time before the most recent time. I went you could tell like it'd been under the hot lamp for a hot minute like it. It was kind of like getting old and then the time I went last time it was like super under seasoned than the like there was any balsamic vinegar or was not enough or anyway, it's Benedict. Yeah point out some eggs. Benedict. What's your what's the third of those freaking potatoes with a do them? Right but baby potatoes are great. Oh wait hash browns or those taters. I can't have both so I would do probably probably do the the house potatoes the house. I'm right but they got these like Jurassic bacon is what they call it. This is like Black bacon because they season it and cyclo thinking it is so good. But again, Freddy it's been less and less good. That's your breakfast comfort food is really good. But like if I was gonna be like real like comfort food like yeah, I think carbs carbs. Yeah carbs all the way when it comes to breakfast do like, that's me, too. Thanks. Well, like when you wake up scientifically like if you don't eat breakfast you have like these like different different like sets of fuel when it comes to your body getting energy. Yeah carbs is the first thing that's just gone if you don't eat breakfast and then it moves on to Fat which is usually like takes a good amount to like burn off and then it's protein you'd never want to hit the protein Mark by never had the protein Mark now my comfort food when it comes to breakfast would have to be an omelette brilliant want to cover for you. I bet I feel like a lot of people especially in Go feel like amla is not a comfort food. Like that's quote unquote healthy to them. You know healthy? Yeah. Well not the way I don't know for me not the way I ate onwards for me. It's an omelette with like six eggs and like healthy ham bacon be healthy sausage beef and cheese. Okay. Yeah, that's a lot of meat. I'm a meat guy isn't inherently unhealthy. My dad used to make a lot of really good chili and then the next morning I'd make it chilly on with that freaking fantastic. I'm getting hungry right now. I haven't even yeah omelette comfort food really comfort food. Yeah, uh, but I think Comforts do it. I think it's like business and omelettes which omelet with hash browns. I love love love hash browns. That's runs our dope dope dope dope crispy crispy titers. They're groovy man. Very good lunch. What's yeah lunch. I love me a good burger or burrito because those are kind of interchangeable, but I would say I don't know which one usually Burgers lunchroom. Burgers lunch. Yeah, you have a favourite burger spot spot know like place to get a burger would have to be in and out. Okay, they've got fast food. I don't have a spot though. I should find a spot I one day. We'll take a podcast on the go. Oh my God and hit the road and go to different Burger spots. Oh my god. I've been wanting to do a burger tour Burger tour guys. Oh my God. Oh my God, actually. Yeah, we're doing we're doing food episodes. Oh my God, it's gonna be an entire month of food episodes Burger dogs, another upon another Burger toward sign me up. Okay, I love which would you like go to Burger? Like it just a normal burger like in and out of style or like I like I'm a meat guy. I like I like the whiskey burgers whiskey whiskey burgers. Yeah, I've ever heard of that. They cook the the meet it with whiskey and so like the alcohol burns off but like it has this flavor and then they usually add I like it with crap. caramelized onions and then some hash brown and barbecue sauce interested in this whiskey because for me one of the things that makes a really good burger patty is the caramelization of the meat yeah what do you call it something effect Kyle knows he's going to say it as you're listening to it right now but that comes from like having a dry Patty on like Skillet right so if you put Whiskey on that and usually when you do a what's it called a Smash Burger Smashburger yeah yeah I love me making Smash Burger but like if you pour Whiskey on it is gonna is gonna cut it still trying to come up with a name of it you're not going to get that caramelization because this is going to be soggy and it's going like steam or whatever I don't know I'm really curious to try it though I've been good that would be my go-to for lunch as well the burger oh no no it's just such a great you know like whenever I think Burger I think you know Fourth of July we just you know you got you got you had your swim in the pool you're all dried out oh yeah have your bird will take me there okay but with the with the lettuce Sighs aggression lettuce. You got a soda in one hand off on screen on yeah and like chips or maybe like homemade homemade french fries to a beach day. Yeah. Oh my God. Dang. All right burgers for lunch burgers for lunch burgers for lunch tendon tendon dinner - a burrito. I love burrito. But like that's not like I didn't know that that's a lunge. That's a that's a definite lunch food. What's your what's your go-to burrito real quick? Go to Burrito. Oh shoot. I like chicken. Okay. Okay chicken burrito. It's healthy. It's good with some chipotle sauce on there. You know what we're making money. Oh, I like my go-to is probably a California Burrito. But yeah there I went to La Paz Mexico and like it was just amazing trip, but they served us these burritos that were like chicken or beef and they were like not very complex, but man you could knock them back because they were small they were Callie burritos another 100K. I suppose you said in Mexico and I was like, yeah, that's like a lie buried on Mexico. It's probably the first one to be done in Mexico. I wouldn't know Callie burritos for those of you who don't know if you're in San Diego get a California Burrito because they don't exist anywhere else. Really. Yeah you once you get like out of the like borders of San Diego. So to speak like North like once you get to the Anaheim area or like La if you ask for a California Burrito, they're gonna look at you like you're crazy. What can I just tell them to put some fries in the carne? Asada burrito? They're gonna look at you weird, but they will do it. All right. It's like a secret menu thing if you go outside of San Diego look at him afterwards and I'll say you're welcome. Welcome now, you know put it on the menu now honestly to whoever sells California Burritos first and Allah is gonna go big. I feel like I have a hard time buying that there's no California breathe because it's not a San Diego burritos. It's a San Diego thing. Let us know so many people that I like cursing people. It's okay. I'm a centaur page a 13. We're all Sinners here. We spend every single day. Anyways, every person that has tried to get a Cali Burrito outside of San Diego has failed to even in Mexico. So if you go south like if you go to TJ and you get a burrito don't give you one but if you go a little more further south there they don't know what you're talking about. You're gonna like Madonna burrito and they're gonna be like the kiss. That's a blender. Which means what are you talking about boy? I got it. I got it. I got so intense for about Kelly San Diego. It's just crazy to me. It's so good and it's nowhere else and it's just fries on a burrito like it's not that hard. To make that word word. Yes. I don't think that's Geniuses. But anyway, wow, sorry folks Kev edit that you can see it. Right? I have dinner man. I would dang. I really love. Oh boy. Steak Italian food. Okay Italian food. Ooh, my main go-to Italian food. Exactly. Yes. What is that? Yes. Yes, we agree. Oh man, dude, very good. Lasagna, if you make me lasagna, I will be the happiest kid. I'll be the happiest person on the I'll be I'll be the happiest Ed boy on this whole planet like you have no idea I get home and my mom said I made lasagna. Done. I'm done. My friend my best friend Daphne. She her favorite food also was a gig was egg. And so whenever she eats at she always texts me. Hey, guess what? I'm eating and I'm jealous, but sometimes when I have it I text her. Hey, guess what I'm eating and yep, and so that's what we do with each other because we just that was a big Mozart's good man. I love it so much President Garfield in the booth. Heck. Yeah, dude. I've never felt so spiritually connected. Add to an orange cat in my life. You know what you make me reconsider because I do like a nice steak and I like making a nice steak. You know, Kyle knows I don't always do a good job of mistakes, but I'd love making a nice steak. You can do a little dessert Reserve reverse sear on it. Throw it in the oven and then throw it on a hot Skillet get that caramelization. Thank God. I'm still trying to get that name of the effect that remember it but I don't know whose love carbs was. Is freaking great amen, but I was gonna just take I would you like some brussels sprouts on the side with some like balsamic vinegar because who Lizzie knows I'm a big Potomac boy. We went down to we went to go watch will show last Friday. I think we'll talk about that later because I'm curious on that. Okay, but we went down to Liberty Station and there's this cute little area where is just jam-packed full of the booths and one of them sold like one of them sold like luxury olive oils and balsamic vinegars and I lost my stuff because we're not cursed because PG-13 dude dad like just like straight up real good balsamic vinegar, then they had dark chocolate balsamic vinegar, and I tried that and I lost my stuff. Oh my God, and they had like Barry infused with almond vinegar and oh my God, that was just oh, okay, but it was still pretty good and then I tried some all Boyle I'm like wow, this is really thick because it's just straight fat to your mouth and it's a lot. So there's some event occurs in some of that Brussels sprout action so good. There you go together and then some like taters on the side. It's very good. But like I don't carbs man. Lasagna so good Pasa so good. No, what I'm trying to nail is spaghetti. Aglio Olio spaghetti alioli spaghetti. Aglio Olio, and the only thing I'm saying it right? Don't worry. I'm not tell him but they're basically it's just Basically garlic infused olive oil with some I think parsley in it and some lemon and you just put you just toss maybe some pasta water in it to thicken it up. You should have your brother make that for the food podcast. Wow. My God, he's yeah. Well you got them have them make them a lot of stuff because it's cooking is very good. So many things we're gonna make you work. I'll get ready, but it's tough. It's tough to get it just right because if you cook the garlic too long, then it burns it. It's crunchy and up. It's tough for once you get it. Just right. Oh, this is parmesan it at 2. But if you get a chance, right well, very good. Yes, the pocha the debauches made me, right? Oh, yeah Sullivan. Also he has well, yes, but I'm still partial the pasta because Emperor's New Groove. That's a 9 out of 10. That's a real good movie. It's such a isn't it a great? I think it's so underrated. It's very under a man. Okay comfort food. Okay, so he hit breakfast lunch dinner deserves. Actually. What snack do you read my mind? Mind. All right dessert. I gotta I gotta tell you man. Tell me cheesecake cheesecake is pretty good. I love cheesecake man. We good. I was gonna tell at first I was going to say, you know, what a Sunday with the brownie in the bottom. That's also because then it's the warmth with a cold as ice cream really good. Like I was going to say that oh man, you know what man, but why don't I just cheese cake with like some ice cream. It's something that's also really good. Also really good. Ah, I'm losing my I'm gonna go to Baskin-Robbins after this area. I'm actually really hungry. So dude, there's nothing at my house. My mom texted me today. She's like hey gas is off. We don't have any bone. All right, I'll text you Kyle and see for making me food. If not, we can go get some food. We gonna get something so I can get food. Even if there's food at home amen. But this is what happens when when hungry people record a podcast podcast wait, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. We started eating the bughouse know we're running out of recordings phase because we're eating it so good. Such so rich with content its content. Oh God, we're running out of recording space across the salt. Oh my God. Is that food in there we go. Sounds all right. Thank you so much for listening to this podcast was delicious. I hope you thought it was tasty too. Thanks for Grooving on with us in this journey of movies Star Wars food and other topics like the coronavirus chewy. It's a great topic. So we have a got like a little button at the end. Like I don't know like PBS and viewers like you I don't know you should come with a little button this all this is all things. Yea, let's have a thanks for my friends gonna be mad at me. So let's just have a couple minutes ago over the hour do you know why it's called the Tuesday talks podcast how I came up I never asked you know so if you go to my Instagram Kevin are Fernandez Lance called with the why he was plotting I said yeah right and you go to my posts every single post is spelled improperly just like this every every single post has meeting on Tuesday as the on the caption like every single post with Tuesday spelt 200 and my my bio says busy having a meeting on Tuesday so thanks for meeting with us on Tuesday that could be our plug okay did you just like always spell it Tuesday and then whenever corrected you or it started out as a joke I was on the bus on the way to home after school and I was doing this old man voice one day and I was just making jokes and talking about people and Button up your shirt. Mr. Goddamn it. I got a meeting on Tuesday. I'm gonna be late for my meeting on Tuesday until you button up your shirt. I have AIDS and this is going to make me late for my meeting on Tuesday. I literally said that and so everyone was laughing. They're like, what do you mean you're meeting on Tuesday? It's Tuesday Tuesday, not Tuesday. It's Tuesday. And so ever since then I've just always had this joke since I think my sophomore year of high school. Okay, I've always uh, yeah became a Part of me. Well, I noticed you spell it t o as in like to as in like as well as what some quippy some a little fun like, you know what we had we had Kevin you and I had a lot of fun this podcast today. We sure did dalen. Well, we hope your viewers at home had fun Tuesday. Oh, I like that. Let's end it there because I will be had fun Tuesday talks. I don't know. There's a better way to do it. I don't know. Well, we had fun and we hope you had fun Tuesday.