Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? How do we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's do it with a question mark. Yeah, you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama when we met would in 94 95 before that. Yep. 1993 93. Yeah. It's been over 25 years. So we've had a long friendship and actually have only lived in the same town for about three months. Yeah through this whole nothing relationship, but we fell in love right away. We did it was it was love at first sight. Yeah. God just keeps bringing us back to each other and you don't always have that with everyone but we found each other and we're holding on tight. Yeah, and it's been a special journey and you know, the reason why we titled it, you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama because of course, I wasn't raised in the church. And so, you know, I didn't know any better I came in. The church looking like a hoochie. Well, I didn't seem like that and that's what I love about it. You saw you just saw me as this girl. I just saw the light in your eyes. I saw like you had you walked into the room with so much you just had a brightness in your eyes and I just think that you have found the Lord and your heart was open and your eyes were open and you're ready to see what was next in the adventure and you were only what 18? Oh my 17. Yeah. Yeah. Well at that point. Yes 18 Yeah, and I was probably 19. I don't know. Yeah, you're you're okay. That's right. I'm younger. I'm you're the older one in this relationship. Okay. Yeah. My husband is working with the youth group and oh my goodness. I just sometimes you're just like your spirit just leaps out of your chest your heart just goes and it's like my spirit was talking to your spirit. We were instantly go crazy bonded and so we gel The end wow, but it's crazy because I was kind of like a crazy. I don't know crazy heifer. I was not so, you know, I I just love that because I think about when I first came to church, I didn't know any better. So I dress the way I like to dress, you know, I was trying to show all my assets and so, you know, but you saw past that and that's what I loved about you because you saw past the queue. little mini skirt that I was wearing or whatever top that I was trying to show my whatever's and so you just saw past that you saw this young girl and you just loved me for who I just just the way I was you didn't judge me and I just I love that about you and I think that's what I fell in love with you just didn't look at me with like, oh my gosh, look at her, you know, I mean and so which I feel like some of us Do right and even in the church we can be so yeah so judgmental when people come in looking a certain kind of way. I don't know. It's a shame. Yeah, because yeah, I think we we don't teach each other how to empathize and and look deeper. I don't I don't know everyone's story. I don't know anyone story and to just assume something really is a disservice and I'm glad you felt well. and I didn't know this till like 20 years later when you told me that I did actually make you feel comfortable, but it just seemed like I needed you also and my life and I probably was really loving the outfit you had on you would like. Damn. Okay, I can do that. Oh my goodness. That's hilarious. It's totally like, you know. It's really neat that that day the Louis and I were getting ready to go to camp and I just was like you got to come to this camp. Like I just knew if you came and we had time together. Yeah, that's the thing is like having time together. Like you can't bond with people just over like oh look a smile you need like serious time together and I knew we were getting ready to go into a week of camp and I already had friends there. That I knew would love you guys when like you and if you guys would take that that step then it would be like, oh, wow, we could really I just knew that you would feel so bonded with the Lord you sing. You would hear the music you would feel a whole other level like you are on a level and then you could go to the next level now. It's almost like you took my hand like you trusted my heart and you'd been finished with school. Cool. Yeah, Carlos was getting ready to like go up to him to bootcamp bootcamp. Yeah, so there was like a gap of time. And you said yes, you didn't have to you could have stayed home watch movies. You could have done whatever you oh my goodness, but it was amazing. Actually that you guys said yes, because there have been invitations to lots of people and the yes isn't always there. So it's just like we always have opportunities to take the The step to say that yes, especially if your spirit feels right about it, then the the benefits that can come from that or you are huge and and tell me about like what was what was well I was amazing. But you know, I wanted to say something that you said like the fact that you said, you know, like you trusted me and that was huge for me because I didn't grow up, you know, I grew up kind of like, you know, some issues like we all do and Trust was like I had a heart Trusting people and so it was weird how we did like instantly have that connection and like how I instantly was like I can trust this girl, you know, typically that wasn't the case. I'm just gonna be honest with you. I wasn't fond of white people. Okay, you know going hoping that I get a community girl and growing up in the hood. I was always surrounded, you know, there was black people. There was Asian people there was I mean all kinds of different people. Well, and honestly, there was a white people but my main crowd was it wasn't white people and and I we had some run-ins with white people and so they were my favorite people and so it's kind of funny how God sent you my way because I remember saying that I'm like, I look like a white. Yeah you yeah. Got you, a white girl through and through but I love you. And so you know, it's so interesting. Like I even would say that like I don't hang out with white people that is so racist. That is so wrong in any level like no matter what like, why would we say that about anybody but there's my ignorance and you know, it's situations that I been in that, you know provoked me to say things like that. But I was that's not that's not the one I'm trying to get to that is a our full point it is it is it is. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah a barrier. Yeah, because yeah that happens just unfortunately it's yes even now even now but you know, it took me a bit to just trust people but then even to trust a white person I was like, I don't know. It's like God knew like you just like you said that you needed me like I needed you, you know, I mean and so like he made me See things in a different light through you. So it was just amazing. And so it's like I love it because I went to church it was so uncomfortable for me because I didn't know what to wear. So I went there wearing something that I probably should have been wearing felt the uncomfortableness, but then I see you and you were so inviting instantly and I just love that you didn't like like look me up and down like we all do you know, I mean, like it just wasn't like that. It was just so like I don't know you just met me where I was at. At and you're just like oh hi, how you doing? Like, what are you from a blonde? I was like, oh my goodness. Who is she talking to like she's talking to me? Okay, you know and so you kind of it was nice because I felt like you were breaking down that wall a little bit, you know and trying to get to me as a person, you know, and but that's that's the business that you were in and you're still in true. You know what I mean? Guess well. Yeah, I mean being a pkk, you know, you're like that's my mission. I got to know about Jesus. Yeah, so that was wonderful. It really, you know, just like to put myself out there wasn't even a big deal because I just could tell I don't I don't know I could see it in your eyes just like I was saying like I felt like my heart connect with yours and to ignore that would be awful. Yeah, you know, yeah, I think that God has prepared you for what an amazing journey my friends since then through so many things which are going to get to share a lot of that stuff. But I'm in all of you Aspire me groaning so much wisdom. And God is good girl. Yeah, he's just that's what he does. He just he's about transforming people's lives and he uses other people to do that, you know what I mean? And so because I've never had someone come to me in that manner. I mean growing up girl in New York and then other parts in the Northeast and then coming down to Miami you All girls are like catty like you about to fight like you can't look better than me because my boyfriend's going to be looking at used and I'm a start spreading rumors about you and I'm gonna talk all this nonsense and it's like it wasn't even about that. So it's just it was such it was such a different experience, you know, you know, what would you tell like the not even just the girls out there, but the guys and The the young lady's the women because it doesn't end with teenagers. Sometimes it gets even worse as we see women our age men our age You know, how do we how do you feel? Is there something you can say to to help people understand being a visitor being a newcomer stepping into a church visiting a new space or even a school or something? You know, how do we Oh, I know right. How do we see people in a different light. I mean that's what God calls us to do right like so I mean that stuff, you know, but I just we need to always pray for those opportunities. You know, I want to say hey Holy Spirit opportunities, like, you know, pray that okay Lord, like if I you know, if I see someone that's different that's not like me, you know, how me to be that that light, you know and Help me to just see them the way you see them. Oh, yeah, you know what? I mean? Like because God doesn't see people whether their hair is up or down or if they're wearing a certain type of outfit or if they smell different, you know, if they got the funk or you know, whatever. He doesn't see people that way he just sees them as how the he created them, you know, and so that's always my prayer man like in the morning and at night I'm like Lord like help me to see people the way you see them because Buzz hello. Look you never saw me that way Lord and you brought a person to my life to not see me that way either like you know, and so it's just like reminding myself myself that I'm not perfect either like I I got issues. I'm not you know, and so we have to whoever comes through those doors at church or wherever in our lives, you know where we'd be walking by living in San Diego. There's like a high population of homeless. People we got acknowledge them at their humans, you know, and so we just got to wherever we're at. We got to be mindful that God created everybody every individual. They have a soul and they matter in his eyes. So because they matter in his high in his eyes, they have to matter in our eyes and so we got to treat people with respect and with love and not prejudge them. Yeah because they wear certain outfit or they're doing things that they shouldn't or they got Five kids and their single right? You know what I mean? Like we got to love them. Yeah. That's the only way we're going to win them over. It's not by like, oh girl. You should have been doing that. You know, that's not going to win them over. No, that's not the Lord's work or no because you got to be easily done that to me girl. You could have been like mmm. Did you see her outfit but now you I would have missed out on one of the best like come on I present come on like that. God was giving me walked into the room. I was like, she's for me. I knew she wasn't but he presented the Hoochie Mama. He said this hoochie mama is for yo, if I had done that, you know, it is I would have missed out on all of these years of so much love and someone's shoulder to lean on and a perspective that I needed in my life. I needed to hear your perspective. I needed a listen and sit at your feet and learn from you and for me to think as a year older or maybe you know that I was more this or that of you would have been so sad if you had walked away feeling you could have had a judgment for the rest of your life about an experience that you had that was trauma traumatizing. Yeah, and it takes a lot of courage to be who we are and stuff out of our houses every day. It really does. I'm gonna make we all have the voices we all hear the enemy speaking to us. My family had just been recently going to visit churches and to be a visitor. Mmm is so humbling. It is really not easy and a lot of anxiety before you step in and then when you're and you just kind of Shifting weight you trying to find your comfort and you know, it is really fascinating to be on the outside and trying to see if I'm going if I'm going to find a home here. Here and so I just wanted to speak to that. I mean I would have walked away from one of the best presents one of the best gifts that God has ever given me and I would have missed out on a lifetime of love. Ya feel the same way girl. Come on. So let me ask you like because you know, I didn't grow up in the church, but you did how did you keep that mindset to not like Chris girl. I was cute, you know, like I was prettier than you right now. Ha ha ha You know when somebody's prettier than you you gotta judge them because that's just what we do as women is like I gotta tell you doc as you look away to the head, you know, I know I know but like how could you were young? Like you were 19? I like how did you have that mindset have no idea. Maybe it was on a good day. I just got lucky. It's all fake. Nah, girl. No. No, but But you know, I just I don't I guess I had seen a lot and the even though I was so young. Yeah, I had I'm a Minister's daughter. I had watched adults not take care of each other. I'd watch them take care of each other. I had seen the difference. I like to learn from other people's mistakes. And really we were you running a youth group my husband and I were raised apart of running this youth group and it wasn't it was in Spanish and interested in the inner city and bilingual so come on getting people who just immigrated to the country and we had people who are miamians for life and we were just trying to bring everyone together and have them have a safe place and I think that was a big deal for Louis and I we wanted everyone to feel the comfort in a space where we were in Hialeah like it was an interesting time, but we had this building we had this room we had the space and so I just felt a heart Art for for the teens, and I still have a heart for teenagers like teenagers are my I think of them as people just want to give them a bad rap and they want to say stuff about them. That is really not true. They are fascinating. They keep it real they are I know they get out they wake up every morning and they look different than they did the night before. Yeah, my mom. We need to give them a break your kids. So from very early, even though those teenagers were like our peers and a way they had my heart and I just I just and it's kind of my personality. I just want you to feel at home when you're with me. I just like to make a safe place for you. If I have any control over something then it's creating a community of love and and a peaceful place and I didn't know what that was at the time now, I look back and I'm like, oh if I could do it again, I would even but I am happy you have a story like oh my goodness. And listen, I like it's crazy because I do think about the time that we were there and I think about like what Hialeah was like you have this Inner City Church bilingual. Yeah. We're in a rough part of Miami like you, you know, I need and you're trying to get all these Kids together rough kid, but let me say four people came out of there being ministers. Come on girl. Like you can't really like you can't say that in other places. Like I'm just sorry, I think about that. I tell people that all the time I'm like it was it was crazy, but it was amazing. And I those those are the best memories that I have of the work that you guys did and how you meant heard us and I think about man out of that group you got four ministers. That came out of that and then and strong women to that came out of that. And so it's just it's so cool. It's yeah. Yeah, I powerful. Wow. Yeah story it really is. It really is. It's really cool. So yeah. Well, well, I think that you know, that's sums up what we going to share right now about our story here are 26 years. Yeah, and it'll be longer than that. Okay. Yeah. A meteorite 26. Yeah, I think that's right. Gina has three children now, there are some young adults in there and I have to yeah, and we just been able to watch each other's you no lies, and I I really would hope that you know, each one of us and everyone listening could think of that one or three or five people who looking back, you know, maybe you just need to pray over them right now. Maybe you need to have a Talk to God moment about them or just allow yourself to think of who that is. Be proud of yourself. If you were, you know on the side of kindness, you know, that that is to be valued and pray that that pleases the Lord, you know, because your heart is in the right place for that and and also to along with that if there's someone that has influenced you in the way that you have influenced me. We'll call ya and say you know what? Thank you, right? Thank you. Just thank you for making a difference in my life, you know, whether they're close to you in the same state or their miles and miles away like We Are let him know what a blessing that they have been in your life and that the work that they have done has made such a big difference in your life. That's right. Yeah, would that would encourage their heart and maybe they're very low and wondering if they had made a difference and we always we need to encourage each other. Yeah, and you know hope that one day someone would encourage you, you know, yeah same that's great. Yeah. All right, then, let's wrap this one up. Yeah, but again the thing yeah, so that's that's it with this final episode. Come check us out the next one. And until then was it going to be was going to be I forgot I went blank. Would you say something like put something with your baby? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Peace. No. No, it's not fees. I've just and baby hair. This is supposed to end wegg better. But you know what? I really don't care that just shows you. Okay? Okay, I got it love peace and a little bit of hair grease to lay the baby hair down y'all. That's it for today until next time do Love. Keep peace and deep friendship. You can find us on Instagram at to to make sure to click like subscribe. crazy Cousin Pete