Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was The Bachelor and then she was on The Bachelor in Paradise not once but twice then she did then she did The Bachelor Winter Games. Oh my gosh, that's right. I forgot about that. She's a little bit of really need a fifth time little little bit of a hey look at me. Look at me. I feel like I'm I feel like it might be time to get someone new in like she's had her round. All right. So what's her name Claire now when Claire was on with what was it doing? Like Esteban Erza Juan Pablo you okay? Know what I mean. Anyway, from what I was reading and again, I read like one thing. People didn't like him. No he at first everybody loved him because he was like beautiful and she's old and exciting era, but then he kind of became a jerk. Okay, so when she was on with Juan Pablo a while ago, she how does she come across with she a fan favorite? It's weird because I don't remember that. Well, I hate to admit that it does feel like it's been a while. I remember not necessarily loving her but a Other people I think dead like her because she kind of stood up to Juan Pablo. Okay, whereas like some people just didn't have the guts or whatever to better chose not to but she kind of stood up to him when he was really acting like a jerk and she was like one of the finalists right top three. Yeah something like you mean it really far and now I might have because I didn't watch a clip or anything but I watched like a little gift for whatever and when she didn't get a rose when she got booted like she was like, thank God like she was excited. Yes not to win right because she knew that he was a jerk and she knew that she punched her ticket to penicillin Island. It's all she wanted and apparently again, I read one thing and I retained a lot of knowledge when she did the Winter Games. She like fell for some Canadian dude. That's right. Oh my gosh. This is all coming back to me now. So I got him here, right so they had I They had broken up. Did you read anything about that? He proposed to her. That's right. They like didn't leave Bachelor Runner games together he went home but then they came back together on like after the final Rose and then I got engaged. I think what's the bachelor Winter Games? I've never heard of that one. Yeah, they didn't do it this past year. I don't think that they did it last year either. I can't remember. It's been a minute though. They all go and do all these like different winter activities and you know, the show is still the SIDS penicillin is Island in the snow essentially. Yeah, so it's not a beach. It's that would almost seem like you're not as fun. No, it seems terribly get like the B Squad to show up for that one. I mean shoot they had to pick a Canadian contestant. Yeah, they bring people in from different countries, which is interesting. They do that in Bachelor in Paradise. No, thank you don't have to because I don't have to write everyone wants to go to the beach. Maybe that's why I didn't have the Winter Games because nobody wants to hang out in Aspen. No wearing like snow pants like oh wow, you look so hot in your snowsuit. Really makes you look like the Michelin Man. Yeah, I do not I do not ever feel attractive wearing those clothes. So maybe that's why nobody wanted to alright. So Claire is the next Bachelorette so she's 39. That's that's the big talk is that she's like over than most of the SLI 39 years young. Yep. So her take on it as like I have more wisdom. I have more experience. I really know what I'm looking for. And I think a lot of people are Courting her in that. Yeah, and maybe at that age. She's not in a rush either because like I don't want to say your time is definitely past have kids or whatever but you know, she might not be that important or maybe she's kind of given up on that part and from one thing I forgot about when she met Juan Pablo, do you remember what she did I do not she did something that I don't know if anyone else has ever done it again. I read one article, but I A lot of Knowledge from it. She actually like a fake baby bump. Oh, I don't remember that when she met him. She had like a fake baby bump and he was like, hi. She was like rubbing your stomach and she's like just getting that's funny. Okay, I think it's stuff like that that she did maybe made her liked by fans and she made it far and she also had like an iconic quote when she was talking during one of her interviews about Juan Pablo. That was like a rock I'm strong type thing sure. A lot of people don't care because I don't need no man, right? That's what Was so I think people like her because of that and people are excited for something different because she's a little bit older like we talked about last week. It's probably going to be a lot more mature people than the pettiness but is that going to affect ratings? Because people like the drama yeah was a different kind of drama there might be no. I don't I mean you got 30 men in a house together. There's going to be something I'm sure it's not going to make me watch. Are you sure I'm a hundred percent positive even though I know more about Claire that I know about. Out any Bachelor contestant ever and we've had one on the show so true. So I yeah, I still don't care. I'm impressed with you for doing research. I did I was like, okay who's this person because I just dropped today and you have a real job and I don't so I was like, you know, I don't know how much stuff is gonna know or remember about her and I was kind of right like I jogged your memory on a bunch of stuff. Yep. Do you remember so she didn't stick out enough? For you to really remember her that well, I definitely remember her but I don't really remember like loving her. I saw some other people on Twitter like freaking out about like, oh, yeah. Hey Claire and all that. I don't remember ever loving her to the point where I'm like excited about her being The Bachelorette. Are you looking her up or something? Yeah. I'm trying to find the quote that she said that everybody was like talking about on Twitter today Claire quote. I don't need no man. Just you wait. I'll be back on the show and I'm 39. Fine. Yep, something along those lines. Here it is. I'm tired of wasting my breath on men who don't deserve it. Oh, yeah. I know I saw that. Yep. I'm tired of wasting my breath on men who don't deserve it. Yeah. What are you slice that up? Wow, like yeah, I guess it's the guy's fault if she look in a mirror anyway, so, of course for some reason we'll talk about that show again, and we have to discuss what's going on with the Coronavirus. I actually had a friend who had to cancel his vacation know my buddy scooter him and his wife were going to go with a couple that they know to Thailand and they had to stop in South Korea and they canceled their vacation because South Korea is like a quarantine Zone and all this other stuff. So Crona the coronavirus affecting the lives of people I know and love that's a shame. Also just a heads up. Everyone masks. They've said don't work. Like those those, you know the masks you see people wearing yes, I went to Delaware this past weekend and I saw a bunch of people wearing masks and then on the news I see doctors people went to school for many years go. Yad masks aren't going to help you're still going to catch it. If you're in an affected area person. It's so funny though. They say like a like what you just did you just sneezed and sneeze into your elbow Yep, they're saying that's how you protect yourself. Oh my gosh, that was perfect timing. It's like it was meant to happen. I was a good examples into your elbow. See I didn't really know like I don't know I do that to try to like look polite because then you sneeze into your hands then it's just yeah, then you touch railings, right? That's just gross. I'll give you a like over the weekend. I went bowling and I'm like how many people are touched these balls? You know what I mean? Like, I'm stuck their nasty fingers and then ball holes Mike. How often do they clean them? He I want to believe that they clean them every day, but they don't they don't they don't they might be like, hey, let's do this on a you know, Monday morning or something and I was there on a Saturday. Yeah afternoon. So I was there during like a whole week of once a whole week and dirty balls. It was just yeah, it wasn't. I don't know with the coronavirus everyone worried about that. I was a little like me. Oh, maybe we shouldn't be in public places touching a bunch of things that a bunch of other people. Of touched right CI. I'm still gonna do what I want to do. Like it's not going to affect the way I live my life and less like every single person Harrisburg starts like dying, right then I will be alert, but you want to waste your breath on a virus that doesn't deserve it doesn't deserve it. That's right. Good. There you go. There you go. All right coming up next. We're going to try a brand-new game here on the show. It's above step podcast. It's the pufnstuf podcast. Hey, honey, how are the taxes? Going? Pretty good. Let's see we either get 800 Dollars back or we go 4 grand. Hmm. I think we should call each in our block. Let's face. It taxes can be confusing and the laws seem to change every year but the professionals at your local H&R Block take the worry out of your tax season H&R Block and Dillsburg Newville Biglerville, Fairfield and Gettysburg have been owned by the same family for over 50 years and they've been there for every tax law change along the way don't leave money on the table file your taxes confidently with H&R Block. Do you love saving money but hate buying one of those coupon books filled with Places You'll never go too. Well. Here comes quick save coupons to save the day quick save coupons as an app where you can find savings for restaurants stores in experiences that you will love and here's the best part. It's free. No big coupon books to buy no websites to give your information to click save coupons will show you all of the Savings in your area right on your phone. Just go to Google Play or the App Store and download the quick save coupons app, then start saving money on many of the places you already go to. Do your kids lose their house keys? Do you hide a key near front door for friends relatives the cleaning lady or pet sitter? Do you need a better way to secure your home? Let itd systems and security solve all your problems. I TD has the knowledge and experience to install Smart Home features, like smart locks motion sensors indoor and outdoor cameras and wireless keypads that control everything plus you could turn off lights lock doors and do any of your cameras right from your cell phone or tablet turn your house into a future house and had peace of mind your life. TD systems and security to find out more visit itd SSI.com healthier happier. You has created for more than just a gym membership or diet plan. Don't take on your New Year's goals alone. Let's see be the American Shaman of PA help you reach your goals by giving you the physical and mental relief needed to persevere. The better you challenge will reward you for sticking to your goals to learn more and to try free samples of the newest products visit a CBD American Shaman of PA store in Carlisle, Mechanicsburg, Harrisburg and Lancaster. Mr. Or visit hemp has health.com and remember to use the promo code puff at checkout to save 10% on every order now back to the Puffin step podcast. Okay. We are back on the podcast. We're going to try a brand-new game here on the show. It's called smart speaker password ever played the game password with someone where you have to give them hints and they have to try to figure out like the secret word. Yes. I got $10,000 pyramid. Or something like that we're going to do it, but we actually have a Amazon smart speaker here. Hold on. Hey, Echo. Say hi to everyone. Hi there. Okay, okay. Hey girl. Okay. So what we're gonna do is I have a random. Word generator. So every time I click this button. It's going to give me a word. All right, and I'm going to tell you what that word is if it's your turn if it's my turn I'll announce that word and we have a minute to try to get the remember we have that we don't use the word Alexa because that's my wife's sisters name. So we say echo echo stop. So we have a minute to try to get the Alexa to say is Many things as we can. Oh, okay. So we're doing multiple at a time. Yes, we get when we move on to the next if we can. Yes. I have this try try to do like a real game show, right? So I have this like I am this app on my phone of like Like a countdown clock. Yeah ice I think it's kind of cool. So we're going to set it for a minute. And would you like to go wait when you hear this, by the way, when you hear this that means you gotta move on to the next word. Okay means she got it. So you remember to say stop remember to say the word stop? So wait, why because she's going to keep going and going and going and going you have say stop and then started so right right is this makes sense? Yeah, but I feel like a lot of the men it's going to be wasted with telling her to stop and then restarting it's just a simple zecko stop. Okay. And then say and they give her more clues. Okay. All right. This is the first time we've ever done this. I'm not saying it's going to go. Well, we'll see. We'll see. What are you ready to go? Are we going to just do one round or I'm gonna do one and you're going to do one and then we'll see how far along with okay. Okay ready? Wait. Am I going first? Yeah, you're gonna go first your first word is helicopter. Okay, okay and your time starts now? Hey Echo, what do pilots fly in that have that has a bunch of blades on top? Here's something I found on the web according to one drop of this dot-org unlike airplanes helicopters that go stop. Go gotta keep going. What's the next word? Oh, yeah. She's probably gonna have his seat. Hey Echo, what do you sit on on a public bus? Here's something I found on the web according to my animal is dotnet the shoes on bus seats is only lying naked in public. Stop. Did that answer your phone? Stop Lyin? Hey Echo what Disney movie came out this summer that had animals living in Africa? Here's something I found on the web according to blogspot.com with the continued success of the Lion King. All right, you got three. I didn't want all the details listen to go stop. What are you looking for? Oh my God. I'd like 80 things going on dismiss that go stop looks like girls stop. So we're done with you. I'm oh wow. That was I'm sweating accelerating was it was it that exhilarating the the problem with only having a minute is that so much of that is wasted by her going. I found this on bla bla bla bla bla.com. Right? Right. Should we do it a different way like again, this is a test run right? So should we do it? We should go back and forth and just see but we should only have a certain amount of time. But for now you do it for a minute and we'll see how it goes. It's not even. All right, okay. All right. My first word is draft. Hey Echo. What is oh, no. Sorry. I'm trying to Echo what happens when you get conscripted into the army? Hmm. I don't know that one. What how I co how to NFL players end up in the league? Here's something I found on the web according to live about.com most league rules allow only a handful of players to be retained by each team from year to year Echo. How do college players end up in the NFL? Sorry, I don't know. Oh my God know that Echo. Echo what happens to college football players after they're done. That's right. Either. Here's something I found on the web according to reason.com the big Scandal of college football. Is that 55% of division? 1 players graduate? I didn't get one. Wow, I didn't get one. That was that was kind of a tough one though. Was it kind of yeah. Are you just trying to make me feel better? No. It was kind of tough. And honestly, I think some of the questions you asked should have produced the word draft out of this lady's mouth at some point. Do you want to try again? Yeah, let's all right around. All right, Steph who's definitely what my button this? Okay. Your first word is going to be shower. Hey Echo, what do you do with the end of the day when you're dirty and you need to clean yourself off? Hmm. I don't know that one. Really. Hey Echo. What do you do when you're dirty in your bathroom? Here's something I found on howstuffworks.com. The shower is typically okay got shower Nick Nick. Oh stop next word is student. Hey Echo, what do you call a kid that goes to school? This might answer your question according to reference.com, according to the original compulsory education Act of 1850 to the law dictating that all children must attend school was devised as an effort to ensure that every future adult citizen had a well-rounded and functional education an educated citizenry was deemed to be at the core of a healthy Republic and mandatory schooling was intended to express on your health of the nation. Does anybody want? Much information about the law activating psycho. Stop it shut your mouth. Shut up. All right. Well, you only got one that time Dunes an easy word. What am I doing? She's long-winded. Okay, I'm gonna do one more. Is it gonna be your camera? Hey Echo, where did Abraham Lincoln gets shot by the way, the words the Abraham Lincoln died in Washington DC on April 15th 1865 at the age of 56 ago. Where did Abraham Lincoln get shot? Abraham Lincoln died in Washington DC to stop wow, Echo Abraham Lincoln got shot at Ford's. Abraham Lincoln was assassinated on April 15th 1865 at the age of 56 while attending a play at Ford's Theater. Oh my God, Echo the words produce Echo what are fruits and vegetables at the store? Here's something I found on the web according to MSU dot edu, some fruits and vegetables taste best when stored at room temperature banana, that's useless and how girlfriends okay stop stop. Stop. That is tough. But that's fine because you have to try to think about how to approach it to make her say that work. Yeah interesting. I was thinking of I was thinking about today and I was like, I think I'm going to be really good at this well, Here's the thing. It's unpredictable because you don't know. Yeah what she's gonna say. That's true. I know you're trying to make me feel better, but you whoop that but yeah, I think I think the games fun. I think the game needs a little tweaking. Yeah, like maybe there's too many moving Parts with the the counter that I have and I don't know. I don't know. Hey Echo good game. Crash team racing. Let's go stop. Okay. Maybe you maybe we could like go if we did it again, maybe so we didn't use the timer we could just like go back and forth. Maybe who get gets her to say the quickest like I got her to say my one word in 30 seconds. There's different ways we could do it. All right. Well, it's fun though. Either way everyone watches to have her watched us have a test run today. So maybe it'll be fun to we can come get the wife to play with us. So well for Olivia Olivia or you know, whoever get that bright Osborne Feller back in yes, so we can have some fun with them too. All right. Um, I don't know if that was a Assess or not. I'm not sure coming up next I would have probably messed up my pants if this happened to me as a DJ well tell you about an ex kids the Puffin step podcast healthier happier. You has created for more than just a gym membership or diet plan. Don't take on your New Year's goals alone. Let's see the American Shaman EPA help you reach your goals by giving you the physical and mental relief needed to persevere the Better you challenge will reward you for sticking to your goals to learn more and to try free samples of the newest products visit a CBD American Shaman of PA store in Carlisle Mechanicsburg, Harrisburg and Lancaster or visit hemp is health.com. And remember to use the promo code puff at checkout to save 10% on every order. Do your kids lose their house keys. Do you hide a key near front door for friends relatives the cleaning lady or pet sitter? Do you need a better way to secure your home? Let itd systems and security solve all your problems. Problems. I TD has the knowledge and experience to install Smart Home features, like smart locks motion sensors indoor and outdoor cameras and wireless keypads that control everything plus you can turn off lights lock doors and do any of your cameras right from your cell phone or tablet turn your house into a future house and had Peace of Mind here life itd systems and security to find out more visit itd SSI.com. Do you love saving money but hate buying one of those coupon books filled with Places You'll never go too well here. Um's quicksave coupons to save the day quick save coupons as an app where you can find savings for restaurants stores and experiences that you will love and here's the best part. It's free. No big coupon books to buy no websites to give your information to click save coupons will show you all of the Savings in your area right on your phone. Just go to Google Play or the App Store and download the quick save coupons app, then start saving money on many of the places you already go to. Hey, honey, how are the taxes going? Pretty good. Let's see we either get $800 back. Or we go 4 grand. Hmm. I think we should call each in our block. Let's face. It taxes can be confusing and the laws seem to change every year let the professionals at your local H&R Block take the worry out of your tax season H&R Block and Dillsburg Newville Biglerville, Fairfield and Gettysburg have been owned by the same family for over 50 years and they've been there for every tax law change along the way don't leave money on the table file your taxes confidently with H&R Block now. Back to the Puffin step podcast. Okay. We are back on the podcast after that. Yeah. It's a good try for a game-high. We're working out the Kinks. Yeah. I just I wanted to play it. I thought it sounded like a cool idea. So we tried it and it went alright. Yeah, not too bad. So it's nice to see celebrities do normal people things. It seems like this is the time of year where everyone is doing the daddy-daughter dance. Have you seen the things on Facebook where dads are taking their lives? Daughters to daddy-daughter dance. Yeah, I have seen some of that. It's acting cute. It's very cute. It seems like it's this for some reason this time of years when it happens. Yeah and celebrities are no different Mark Wahlberg just took his daughter to a daddy-daughter dance. She's ten years old. He participated he was able to get a photo the special occasion of him and his daughter. Look at that. Look at that get ready for the daddy-daughter dance, but this is what happened like most daddy-daughter dance. Dances, even the ones in Hollywood. They maybe didn't hire the best DJ for their party, you know, they usually it's through schools and schools don't spend a lot of money on things like this, you know, elementary school dances. They don't have them on on DJ's. Yeah. Well, this DJ was extra terrible to the point where he was playing explicit songs, like he played a dirty version of a song Dropping f-bombs and things like that Elementary School - yeah big No-No so Mark Wahlberg walks up to him and he's like, hey, what are you doing man? What are you doing? It's coming Mark Wahlberg impression. Hey, what are you doing? That's what it sounded like. Yeah, we do man. This is Are worth I hear swear words man has an Italian job. Anyway, the DJ was like I'd said it was clean. It's not clean man. It's not clean. Terrible. Mike Wilber, Nebraska. But anyway, could you imagine being that DJ? Right and you're already freaking out because you probably realize that you're playing an explicit version at an elementary school dance, so you immediately change it. Shouldn't be time for Mark Wahlberg to walk not always that easy as a DJ just a immediately changes song. It's not always that he's now making kind of volume all the way down real quick. Oh you can drop it, but then it's silent. Well, that's better. Is it? I don't know. Is it better than yes, that's better. That's DJ is a DJ were told never to have dinner anyway. So number one you're freaked out because of what's going on at this dance where who knows this could be a new DJ to you don't know this could be a kid could be a high school kid. That's like I'll do it for hundred bucks. Okay sold or whatever. And then Mark Wahlberg Mark freaking Wahlberg comes up to you and he's like, I don't know what to do right now. I'm like totally like stuck. Oh Mark Wahlberg's here. I was looking at and I would totally Play Good Vibrations Marky Mark song make it up to him. I'm sure he would love to hear that. I would play it if if I was at a party with Mark Wahlberg that song you played at least twice. Oh, yeah, you have to we can't miss that opportunity. Absolutely not. He probably loves that when that happens. I don't know what I would do if I had Quote Burger any famous person come up to me and like challenge me like that. Right? I wouldn't know what to do. I'd be freaked out. It's like you just have to do whatever he says. Okay, Mark him, whatever you do. Don't call me Marky Mark. Okay. Okay. So I'm sorry. Mr. Walberg. I'm sorry. Love your hamburgers time to play the pole Steph. We're going to do two here. It's both about men how well. Do you know men? Apparently not very well. Okay 29 Percent of men say they're more likely to open up and have a deep conversation while doing this drinking wrong. What? Another d word for sure driving driving. Yeah, it makes them open up and they can't escape though. That's sure they can't go anywhere rock and roll tuck and roll and so you Corner personal while they're driving. Hey, we need to talk speaking of men and driving 63 percent of men say they keep this in their car at all times. What is it? Keep this in their car at all times? What is it? It's a cologne. It is cologne. Ah, did you read my notes? No, I swear I didn't I And see them wow, that's cool. I guess I was just trying to think of something that they would need when they're out and not at home and I was just picturing a guy like going on a date and having I have like a little personal kit in my car. I've cologne I have like breath spray. I have those teeth pick things. Yes have a whole bushel be well of those you got to be prepared. Absolutely. It's usually for when I'm done like setting up in a wedding and I'm kind of sweaty and I just want to make sure before Everything starts. I'm looking as good as I can possibly look. Yeah, so that's why I do it. Yeah and my bag that I carry every day. I have like everything you could ever need. I'd literally have a toothbrush and toothpaste floss chapstick face cream body lotion perfume deodorant tweezers fingernail clippers. Like I'm prepared for anything. Yes, definitely are you're prepared for the for the self-care apocalypse? Absolutely. All right coming up tomorrow, it's would you Rather Wednesday, we will see you guys then. It's the Puffin step podcast.