Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to leave that five star rating talk about how great we are in the comments. Thank you so much. I hope you all enjoyed. Oh, yes. Okay. So here's my story. So we go see the Invisible Man which its is a good so when I went to see like when I saw the previews Man, this looks really good. The first half of it, I would say is really good and then it just gets like okay, so here yeah. Yeah exactly at times. But anyway, we get there telling people there. Oui. Who are combined concessions right? You're very long lines of yours. Six minutes back out me some popcorn and and the about the soda machines in my kind of cool down the side because I look down on the floor is just a huge pile of vomit. That's when I was like, I thought you were gonna say boo. Yes. Well, there's the coronavirus right there. We're screwed. But anyway, so like we go in we get our seats. I go get some popcorn and I got some popcorn on the backend Rapids. So I get some popcorn coming back in and behind me. I hear. Oh, is she the one that got sick? This family's right behind me very like very huge of the kind of thing Hoosier. Yeah, every time I say that here in Tennessee everything no one knows what it means pretty much white trash. That's a nice way of saying it, you know, She was like, yeah, I was about to fight somebody they were looking at her and laugh because my Indiana Hoosier or that line from Missouri, so we'll know what I'm saying. Like a the Angelica rushers. Yeah now it's an agency whose your is just Redneck almost kind of same category. I yes, they just a different yet different type of you know. People different types of people and she was just like I so it's at McDonald's that we ate the hamburger was raw. I didn't notice it till halfway through. I'm about to fight somebody and so we sit down in my first thought was why are you still here? Yeah your child whether it's from a McDonald's hamburger or not is was puking bro and like leave and then Devon was like are we in the right movie theater? Because the movies rated R. Do this kid wasn't over. Were eight or nine years. Yeah. Guys, this is a Google Hangout. It says quarter. However, maybe we use it around. Yeah, well my mom and my grandma was telling this story today and I said Hoosier and they didn't Flinch because they knew exactly. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Anyway asking cheers So anyway, they sit down and they're still talking about it stuff super out in the theaters past right? Like yeah people every where we were sitting. I guess it's considered a handicap groans. There's no stairs except first. Well, yeah and they were sitting in the row in front of us which kind of directly in front of us. First is the closest row to asthma doing that. There's been enough distance. Yeah. But anyway, like halfway through the movie dude, she gets up and she out here her grandmother who as soon as well. It was just the Mama Grandmother. Hurry up. Hurry up and she's got a giant thing to do just hang a little kid. That's why she killed again dude in the mom just sat there and didn't do anything and they come back from the bathroom sit down. They told an usher in some poor girl, you know, probably in high school if I had to come clean. They just sat there. They didn't help her do any which how are you going to help you know, it's video, but they didn't tell her where it was. She had to use her blood phone to find it and stuff and cleaned up. I'm so sorry, but they stayed for the movie and it's just wrote. What are y'all? Okay kids. What do you do if you're the guy sitting next to because there were people that were not with them they were saying that's a hundred percent. You're saying self right? Like I'm sure hates you. Why don't you just go? Yeah, or I'm leaving because I don't want to be around that that's disgusting. I'm going straight to the girl say I'm used to it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sitting in Understand it may be sick people here with this girl, but they're not visible City. Yes. I feel like there's only so much sick. Even if you try to pawn it off on overall hamburger from some. Yeah. There's only some pie that's what's gonna happen. Oh, then she people that were looking at her daughter. Pukin. Yeah. It's apparently somebody was laughing which there could have been any number of things and she was laughing. But anyways, also your yeah. That is serious. Yeah, I love you. Just uh sure hands are like a puke bag basically, right they have well, he was an intern but yeah, it's fine. It's fine. So then movies almost over and I hear your mom be in line because the little kid that's that's wrong in the mom was like, oh honey. She's just getting egg the girl sits up on the back of the chair her face in the bag puking again. So three times and at one point I was like just won't go that was tired and weary of late and I was like, well, I'd like to see how it ends. We just because I mean, I'm the same way where if I pay money and I'm not hurling everywhere, right? I would like to see the it was umm. Yeah, but it's then we you know, we kind of just watched it wrap up, but that's like that was That's My overall review of is like oh, this is really good. But let's not waste water problems and wait till it comes out on Netflix would be my advice unless you like like less you're a person that has one of those movie passes where you can see three week. Yeah. Yeah where it's cheeks. Yeah, and then you can see also some nothing those that they did which pretty clever move maybe but they stopped putting my life on the auditorium one. It's show they just have the number Z active talks to them to know what so like every time you know instead of like so you could just sneak in exactly one day we buy we moving - we should have a lot of time to kill. Yes, and we there's only one movie that would truly want to see we really want to see the other ones and we are welcoming world. Just kind of see how we feel so I will go see the first I think that's It was some random to and like Noah. Yeah, that's good. I mean movie big and so we went I think it's don't write movies opening round 12. Then I saw like another one like to because we were like, I mean right here we ate before that. We got the snacks. Okay to another one and what else did you see? Do you remember do you remember only time I remember Goosebumps. Secondly because I was like something about this just kind of makes you want to see it. I was did you watch them when you're growing up? No. No, there is so there was there was one Goosebumps. It was stay out of the basement. I was probably five or six. It's my saw Yes, scared the crap out of me dude, and then so like where the town that I grew up. It was the kind of town where you just rode the bikes. And so I always ride on this one street and then I'd see this house and you can see like the basement window industry. That was a main part of the Goosebumps movie is there was green stuff in the basement, dude. As I got older I was fine. This still looks like what is going on? Oh, yeah. What agreement? Excuse me? Your basement green. Yeah fix it. Yeah. No, I don't even remember what the first one was. I think the last one was what was that one? Okay. It's kind of like a play on. Religion says and I say this because it's about the yetis or you know, the Sasquatch but the ground was the way of version Bigfoot. Okay your way up first team. I said dad like his obsessed not obsessed with it, but he like firmly believes that there's that there's a Sasquatch or Bigfoot. So it's not like I don't either Especially like I mean if you think about think about somebody that owns is so at one point my dad had a little over a hundred acres of hunting crop. Now if you think about that is a million Acres. There's no way we can know literally everything, you know, and I think it's to also a combination. Can you guys have people that isolation? Yeah, but like the indigenous was not filled. Yeah, the guy that Really? Laughs? Yeah 50 miles. So that dude. Have you killed the last three people that he's in town? And legally they won't prosecute brother say he is the last remaining in this person enough of his child. He's been alone for 25 years at that point. Why don't you just like let a woman? Well, the biggest that I don't know if I don't kind of go out that so what if they try to introduce someone it's always been and do and all they do is every couple of months. They just they check in on them. Okay, they could because they know that they like know his routine. I like the areas that you can roll me in and I think they could with my camera stuff is really like interesting the cameras see really it's all right. He's a true life hunter-gatherer. Yeah, it is wrong. So well, I feel like okay. That guy but when you look back into like that. They might be I never liked that sounds right where there is a different species of human the same thing. She like how large like we have some more people. We just look at the whole NBA like doing people are like, I don't think that it's that far-fetched think there's an 8-foot guy, but stupid hair. Yeah, maybe he Before Hemlock have on lines of coke alive or some and already killed you in eight foot tall. I really don't think this that far-fetched. It is Middle the not you know, if you see that some hovers eight feet in the air, you know, like over you and I just brushed by I mean for a quick clip so that I can easily see why people are like, oh you're right. I mean am I gonna devote my life to it? But that's my thing right is like the amount of people that do even if it's 10 people in the entire in the world for America or wherever it is. We both their entire life to finding a creature on land. I don't see how in 2020 or even 1990. Somebody doesn't find right right. It's a okay. Do you think they would tell us what they did? I'm talking about thing about me other people right like maybe that so I was just thinking in my head like what reason would the government have? Yeah, maybe so the people don't kill bears. Okay. I'm fuck this but if there's one thing my pleasure. You think unless there's one and he's like 8,000 years old. Is this ancient creature? Yeah. Boise will restart from verse. Because there's a jellyfish. Yeah, right. Yeah, but okay, we think about the complexity and the first the center. He's the first maybe that you I mean, well, he's like half person had creature. Yeah, just that whole complexity is that would be like, is that what that is? Okay, like mine. Well, I think about that would be like I'm taking the other animal looks like a door dog by restarting over. Students also like David had I don't feel like it's hot. No, I agree that absent though. That would be dope. Yeah also going like I don't know why like they won't like at least have a woman sitting that he stumbled across maybe they're not worried that maybe they wanted because if you think about it, like let's say yeah, there's a section of land you really want but morally can't take so it's just his forehead. I'm huge free to roam wherever and they kind of be aware. Didn't know what do you know? What country? Yes, I think it's a Yeah, I was like yeah the country so I know it's a stores Northern little little hooking Partners. So I forget Patsy has access to water and he and he also has landed. So what they did was they notice that he's come around the general area. So I said well, okay. Well kind of box in this spot. Couldn't you just say that's why I'll yeah, so I wonder if he's ever read it's warm gear cage that be interested. But today they say every person they try to introduce them easily like you see them shutting down an error. Yes, but they said that there's no talking as you see we just drowsily. Yeah, I would imagine it's So bright so he's from something comes up and maybe it was it introduction of people or he thinks he is lost. Not real awesome. He's just he's like it's only me now and I will now listen like maybe a hundred percent. I mean, it's a weird animal instincts probably or just oh, yeah. Yeah, I mean, nope. Nobody survives 25 years of alone. I think no it is occasionally yes to go crazy, right or just seeing that you turn into like urine. There is a guy remember. Rogue and he has like he's got a whole family and But he just kind of a I think he finished high school. I was like watching this guy today. Yeah, the one that is that what it says. I was gonna ask you about that. You crazy dude is so his he said that he would have his mom drop him off and just like he would like yet. So he acted this is over my house Lee listen to this is a really yeah, it's insane though. I mean take could you do you think if you had the know-how right like not like oh I could What prank like we know to do it? Could you survive not survive? Would you want to two years by yourself? One two, maybe not go there. I got enjoy the people. I need to like this. I'm doing that's what so what I always say is like love people hate the stupid things they do that, right? Because I would say at least us serve in there are days where it's like hi everybody. I'm getting is terrible but for the most part, I think he look at it. Like it wasn't as a broad spectrum of people 98% of the people I can give her. Either great or defined and they'll say things just like to Gary see ya is the 2% of people that act the way they do and let it which often times I do. You have to ruin your day. Yes, right. Let's see I'll show and I'm just thinking about is like like a true like testing myself to like did you pull it off? I've right like think so only because like I've always liked eventually I want to be where I'm at. I'm not only not in the sense of like me living in it, but I hate house in like doing my own farming stuff. I mean that's like a mass killing. Well, I guess I'm sure garden vegetables because that's where that guy like. My family wouldn't like Star right? They like no, he's in harsh climates like he's in northern Alaska. Yeah, like not even like the little he's an upward Tip-Top life. He said most I mostly use Well, and that's where like if we just suddenly had an Ice Age. I hate the cold dude. I cannot stand honey. I love like because I want to move so I can work. That's my like me Zork. Yeah more around like maybe Pennsylvania just because the middle like Pennsylvania after that creation. So a lot of life. Over the area a lot like you actually see it. He's like I can relate some kind of fish have air space together like making Montana or what? I should think that until you do that is almost like that is that that's really close to that guy. I'm how he is just very well. That's everyone sounds like just isolated. Don't figure like to get to like Hospital things went sour. Well, I'm assuming there's a Walmart. Or in 10 years or five years before you decide to go. Yeah, like example is there's there. Hopefully when we can see so like they like there's real and it's outside of the something like this. You have to look it up. Yeah. 30 minutes away from story against another 30 minutes away from possibly that's you suck their house. It's not even like not even like it. I don't know to what degree like that hospital with but you just have that. Yeah, and a lot of time they it does get really cold out here because I knew got what's knows it. Huh? Yeah. Okay. He said like he pretty much it. So you play baseball too. He's like if I if I didn't have like my own my little indoor place because he had a thousand acre ranch up there and he had well as hit 300 people in the whole County he and he was like so it's taken Counting there's 300 people and he graduated with 50 of us people in his high school. And so you're like dang. Okay that kind of puts that into perspective. Like how many people are around? He's like so he had a big class for that. Yeah. I'm supposed to yeah, that's not my sister-in-law the place she grew up in Bunker Missouri. She had 27 people that she graduated with just like I think they have a one-car people that are around them. Like, hey, it's one thing like we have a small graduating class. Yeah, but do you have like a big city? Like oh, no they had to drive. It was I think so. When they would go to the store, they would have literal coolers full of ice. To so that way didn't get cold on the way home. Really. Yes. Dude is just down the middle know where they had one police officer who worked every Friday night. What did he know what he doing the week? Yeah, no dude Friday night. I'll be out there. Yeah. Is he like is truly and like okay a part of me will I would want to do that? Like I would want to have that option. Yeah, I want to be well off enough to where it's like I'm getting signatures people. I'm gonna go stay at my Random House in the middle of nowhere, you know, they say a lot of stars have houses I would assume so I mean he has a Desi. Yeah, John Muir does he wrote? Kenny Chesney owns his own Island. That's right. Yeah, dude, that's a lot of people who like country music or like country music pyrrhus Sonia Hank Waylon, and those guys are like the kind of like any but then their arguments I go. I'm sick of the island stuff. It's like bro. He owns his own not yeah, of course How We rise to like Island peeling, right? What do you expect here in him events? there was a remember when I but there's a giant hurricane that came through and like destroyed a bunch of it. Yeah. Anyway, he wrote an album in like pretty much every bit of profit to went to that Island. Yeah. I mean, I would like it not to the degree that they guys do it. That's a bit much for me. But if it was like, okay, it's not getting negative 40 in Pennsylvania. But I mean they get too cold for this time of year for you feel like we're he said like you guys six months. Year and start and then the rest of the inside, you know, like stuff like that in the Press now in Tennessee. Okay, I just like so you could do it you what do you think you do the two years that is see that stuff because damn right. It's like if I can do it. No for if it's was like Nocturne in reality where your has four kids do I yes do but he anything some of them. Yeah, but I think I like it but Make a great shot. I would look around your breath. No one solid look at that. You know, he said up there. I mean you have no soul admission. I can't believe is that right? There is why not because I was literally isn't it all the way? Oh, yeah fascinating story in any has a reality show. Yeah, and it's that's what's crazy to do. Yeah, and that's anybody that's listening due to give you that guy's name. Oh, yeah, it's looking up. Yeah, it's actually I watch her story and stuff because it's a I mean, it's a very interesting so his name is His name is Glenn, Villanueva, Villanueva. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah, it's the bill. You ate like a mask. Spanish spell this word and that's something that is shaded and then I wish I knew this man spend you. Okay? I don't even take the time to learn this until I'm like, okay dude, every time I get around a few like a especially in baseball. I get a rather. I'll pick up like a little bit of stuff. Yeah. Okay. I'm like dude. I can do this and every time I go home Obviously, I mean I know what I need to do like for myself is to answer just move yet. No, that's what I think I'd have to do right? It's just like immerse yourself. Yeah, like my friends told me he was his I do just move the T live important because I just use those comes out here because I stay the rest of the year. He said I promise you that killing our specialty. Yeah as I kind of want to well, that's what I think. That's what I mean. That's I had a Spanish teacher in high school and she didn't go to college for it or anything. She was a great teacher and she met her husband in Mexico. Like she just moved there for like two or three or four years. I've never listened to like the accents. Yeah, I mean like if I like gone out of my way to listen to it, I wasn't saying like like the of the different areas right do view it. I couldn't take it out on the line. I don't know how I wish I was inside of you. I I would know it well enough to be like My favorite. Okay. Just my favorite is probably little chains here is a probably Puerto Rico really just because yeah, it's so you can dish like the kind of cut off like the ends a cool sound but then it's like gay like it can sound really like a feeling you didn't Dominicans speak. So freaking fast dude, if you okay if you ever my people tell you at least from what I've experienced they always say they say unless you know like Spanish like see Ruined three. I don't even worry about even if you knew it. I say like, oh, yeah. I know how to speak Spanish don't even worry about trying to change. As I can ask somebody else that knows it to just tell you because they speak so fast. Well, there's guys in baseball right like cools your he when he had been here for like 10 years. We could hear him talk and it was like it was when he it was when he was reading and just like trying to describe and Museum talking then you go back to You know an earlier season in the years before, you know, it's like you kind of have that same acts like this Phil. Yeah, did I don't know. I mean, maybe I don't know if it's a bit just for them because they're still sort of her sight. He's banished right that they can never like shaking right? Like it'll show always be like there. Think as you like it, yeah. Brock's Medellin cartel yeah Pablo Escobar. I love narcos really show you one of my favorites that me dude. Today I speak Spanish like most what do they say? They have like 80 80 or 90% like that idea in a is a European D. Really? There's issues Europeans evidence. Really? Yeah, like Lionel Messi is a perfect example of what an Argentine versions like there Arthur. He's essentially just white but he speaks Spanish. That's great like and it's just a kind of cool you to have like a little reference. It's like the facts a certain countries like well, I think like one of the main cities like is translated to a little pairs or something like that. I don't know. It's just like stuff like that. Yeah, but I was like it was kind of cool because this is something kind of blew my mind. That's you know, what? There's a whole group of like Jewish people that live in Mormons. No, and I'm like no the Mormons. Yes. It's the Mexican warmest ya know that live in Guatemala because like they're yardage it. They DNA tested like just like What did you say? I don't want to miss this is that they choose or is it Palestinians fast? Okay. Yeah, so like Did Star of David really? Yes the like they know of yeah, do they have Hebrew written up like in the commuters, but they speak Spanish. And she's like and they trace the roots all the way back and but they were saying how started burn tool out because I mean people are getting older, you know, like a people even away. There's not that many new like juice coming in. So it's the released up. Isn't that weird how repopulation Works yet? Like my kiss his point. You kind of got to assume. We're all probably reliving some. Oh, yeah, we're all in brand. No good. Do I just remember seeing like that? It was because they followed them around and they're like so like the interview like go back make that pilgrimage is what it's called. Yeah, it's not the same thing though. No, no be Muslim and Jewish. I I really rough knew what I meant was I think they have they do one. Do they have something like that visiting Israel now, but I know I know your yeah. No, I know everybody meets it was it that one big meeting place Christians on one side Jews on one and Muslim the other two they all recognize the same to me. Yeah, but I don't know if they No, I know you're talking about now. Yeah, dude, dang Michael for our documentary hours and I'll watch it was super cool to see you at that is so crazy to me though. How like all it takes is people moving away to a different area. Yeah, and then all of a sudden my missions. Oh, yeah and their whole ideas and my way of life has changed. something else other than standing Yeah, it's nice. I'm not seeing. Oh, yeah, go and lay back. Yes. My goal is to it. I would love to do damn it. One of the funniest things. Yeah in baseball in high school. We were driving. Like two hours south we had it we got to leave. So that was one of the best things about baseball leaving school early so - yeah, so we left like 11 o'clock. If our trip we're on the bus and we're kind of signal know where you can see far in our catcher. It's great dude. He's extremely hard-working guy. No, always wanted to be better. It's just a little slow at times. Yeah, you know little dim. He looks out the window and he's just like I really want to own some land someday way treated like a perfectly normal. I thought dude. All right, it's just literally none of us were talking about is so funny dude. Yeah, but I always think back to that because like I do do, you know, yeah, I just but I want like, oh no, Probably Jack paid off. Yeah, I know they got me to that. I always do the the equivalent easier kind of fluctuates also my state so far as I was heading to Wisconsin and I think there was like a hundred acres even a riot around $16,000. in Stannis okay, sounds good. But right but they were saying though I can definitely tell you to try to life do something with the land instead of just have well, that's what that means grandparents right her there. No, it's the older person that does your tattoo. They're counted including told them that they needed to either get goats for cattle or something. They chose to get goats because they're fairly easy to take care of so that they could write it off on their taxes. But I mean in what's great, so they start out with a left-right. They had one Billy to you know. mate with the rest within the last like we can have half they've had left the 13 really that's like now you got your I don't know goats like oh, yeah this really for sure, it will want to have like yeah, okay. I didn't know that. Yeah, he said you had something about base. Yes. I know what's just forcing, you know? Okay, how do you feel about the transgender sports star enough? Okay, so I have a strong. Fair enough the way the way I am with a person right? So if like you told me that you identified as a woman, I would respect you enough to be like, all right, ma'am, you know, like I say, it's your life do whatever you want. But if it's whether it's you know UFC fighting that's that's definitely a different one. But wait why you think it's different? Because I think somebody could really get hurt right like it's not suggesting that women aren't I think they're stronger in a lot of aspects. But if you have a six-foot do human being verse a five foot six or seven human being they've obviously got the height advantage and they also have the probably 20 plus years of testosterone flowing through their body were of because it it seems Joe say Yeah in in like and so take the Records aside especially in that sport, right? So did you get really good? Yeah, but the record thing is mean is I don't know where you draw the line of like you can compete in our sport. So let's say let's say it's a woman Sport and it's man transitioning to be a woman does that man have to be transitioned transitioned already? Do they have to have you know, the hormone replacement therapy or whatever it is or do they have to have all that before they can start? What I eat? I don't know. I just really don't believe that biological men should be allowed to keep Pete the philological and I would say 98% sweethearts. So there's a group of people that argue Theon the sense of biological they say it will biologically I am the other one because that's what I think now and so therefore that's where you're like that side. I think used to be like Oh, we're the party of Science and it's like science isn't with you. All right, right. Like how are you? It's gonna work really hard. Yeah, she told me that I was confusing. What section do I don't think you understand that's the thing is like the argument. I always here for like the scientific part right is if you go into a hospital you tell them you are woman when physically Born biologically, you are a man. If you tell them you're a woman and you tell them you have stomach pains are going to go over a thousand different things trying to figure out what's wrong with you because I mean that's here's another. Yeah, I think yeah, I think you need to put them in their own sports. Yes, ostracize them. Whatever you want to call it separate them this here's what you either compete in what your borders Or well, I don't think it's kind of what you said to like is it becomes Neff a woman wants to turn into a man and they could be with men by all means if you want to do that. You're okay with that are enough to you. Like just just now better. That's all up in the challenge. That's like Janet truly like think look at almonds for some other ones. I think we're maybe like would be like women's soccer. So women going to hinge on soccer? Yeah, because I just think like because it's not as I anything that deals with like high contact. You should keep those two separate like soccer. They have a lot of contact but it's not the same angry as I like. Have you seen them flop dude o-jama soccer there. There are some dude. There's some they'll have like compilations on YouTube of it and it's just like yeah like it's like okay doing something like that, but now imagine like LeBron James going to the WNBA you see the back to that would be insane what they don't tell you how tall how tall is she? Are you talking about like to where to where they both kill I play across-the-board mineral with my soccer tennis like volleyball. I see that. Okay, I'm trying. Yeah, so like I had the chance. All right, even like what even yeah, even like. Volleyball I see that maybe even like like cool sports. I don't know how they would program the water water polo. You still remember the exact spot. I was when I heard it but They're like breaking down like relief it is going. And yeah, just tight everything's weight and they were like if you were to randomly test. Thomas robot or whatever you want to do and build the dimensions for the perfect swimmer. All right feet are basically I remember that. Yeah, I don't see if that I mean it's crazy. Yeah, it's nuts in like if I'm just imagine like those guys are since you like hockey players didn't water and I don't know how I feel. A woman with hair. Was that rugby? No, that's that's football. Have you seen the Grand Theft so there's a transgender and I believe it's the Australian League that plays in like the professional it was before a man going to be a woman. However at the time of the video when I had seen it, I don't believe that person had gone through any hormone therapy anything else. Yeah, but believed that they were a woman we're so there was everybody league in my judgment was like let's let him play with this so that they don't get yelled at pretty much so I mean he was just down in it wasn't like he was in an average or it wasn't like she was an average rugby person you know beforehand they were called-- Collegiate athlete really good in their own mail rugby sports right then when they went to female I rugby it's like everybody on the team was like hey yeah we're fine with it Jesus Christ like that is you're asking for somebody spinal cord to be snatched dude I mean he injures guys at a 240 he puts them out of season yes you're talking about hey you know what once you hit this woman Here who's biologically smaller less muscular than you and it's just like that is a disaster waiting to happen. Well, you saw what? I don't know. What is a UFC fighter that they broke their latest go. I don't know the name, but I know you're talking so I work with it. I don't know your name, but I don't know if that's like if that's what she's I don't believe she's trash and she's like a lot of people accuse her to take the woods, right? So just look at a woman. A on roids cracking another one school. Yeah. Okay. Now let's take versus Rampage Jackson and put them in there gets the same. Holy crap, dude. Why you see you don't like it would just it's I mean literally into and that's why I like that's why the UFC is that kind of perfect example of how they're different in the sense of like it's not that one's better per se but if I'm going to punch another human being in the face or hit them run them over like any contact with them like as far as on that high of a physical so what sports are you okay with it yeah that's what I was named the volleyball volleyball yeah because I feel like I mean it's not really contacting that there are other live events that there are a lot of female volleyball players who are phenomenal yeah look at them oh my gosh I mean they're good yeah we realized okay yeah thinking even if you're going up against like a six-foot seven Evan individual granted that's this is an extremely nice but you gotta perform okay I feel like any type of like those two strategic Sports you got to pour I'll be fine with it in baseball like I know some guys I mean they are absolutely opposed to like like first that happened in a league that I was I was Pacific League it differently, so I think we're like a year before I was there. They had a Woman They had two women playing and I like the girls are getting like college scholarships out of it Boba, but they did. All right in the league anything that's like strategic like that to where I mean you talk not placement or are you just playing like you have to strategically perform in order to succeed right? Not like hey I can just be Strong as hell and I can just take you out of the equation altogether. Yeah, like football is the strategy but there's hey it comes down to if my willpower is more than yours. Plus. I have the physical attributes. I mean Derek you oh exactly. I mean he's smart but he's also six what some more and probably yeah built like just a demigod but hey dude here said dude. I just that's you taught me to take that. Oh my gosh. So if you are the Titans GMD sign. I mean is he asking for that? Oh like a crazy amount is floor is what Ezekiel Elliott future that's what he's starting as you should I mean if they want a bump son of long-term. I'm not one of this three three, you're not a sense of them. All right, if you want that butter locking you up 7:00. You are everywhere on your back. So running back though, and but I'm not so I'm doing for years straight up and then doing a team option last week. Possible team player after whatever that's called. Yeah, the last event. I saw I saw something with the way the Cowboys did is equal. I couldn't I can't speak to the specifics of it. Yeah, who is some way the Cowboys did with Zeke's contract is like it looks like on face value. It's the giant contract that's just ridiculous that he's going to get no matter what right but It's better for the Cowboys and pretty much is what they article that I read this. All right. Yes, but I don't really remember is contract. It's I want to start getting that crazy money like basketball so I don't miss less people in the basketball which is why they can you want valuable. I think the NBA is viewers like the ratings. I'm going for you guys think they are 82 games to watch like so it's like okay. It's probably face ball to right? Yeah, that's so last baseball gets crazy crazy money. Or just do freaking Dustin Pedroia. I mean that's that's really a terrible example used as he's a great but like okay you looking for instance like yeah. Well you hear guys talk about there's a guy that I watched on YouTube Chambers in right now, but like he said if you make it to them for Thought man roster, so first of all, right, so like liegeman 2415 is yeah. So for let's see. No NFL just moved up to 375. Okay. Yeah, so it will be is trying to get it to a 500 right now. So like do you have the travellingross to be had with the 45 min roster? Would you guys are like rotate in and out already if possible and I think some of them I still play only. Therefore home games and I think someone play on matriculating on Tasha a Networks. But so some of those guys they're like they're aiming for that because if they can get there, I think all he said you have to just stay there at least 30 days and then whatever your salary is for that they give you a pension of that equipment for like after you retire real. Yes. Let's every year Gronkowski. Right eyes. I've seen a bunch articles on that guy. Apparently, he didn't spend any money that he got from his fires in the NFL he only spent money from endorsements which is Sean lifted really what you said he had well I 51 million untouched hi can you imagine we do that much because I'm like dude I mean you can you can finally like all the hard work you did sacrifice you put in at the beginning blah blah blah Master time you say hey I'm 34 and I can just going to chill out yeah what he is I was talking to Charles the other day. I was yeah, absolutely. I don't even know where it came from on this you talking to him about this the other day. I hope that God willing a that one day. I'm very wealthy right. I mean, that's the plan I think for a lot of people but be I hope that if that money I'm ever blessed to be able to make that kind of money that I still buy Great Value from Walmart. Bro, I said I would never be too good to not like okay, I like 30 cents is 30 cents do when it comes to certain stuff. I'm all about quality. Don't get me wrong but paper towels like do okay person. I'm not buying pounding. What the fuck? I'm okay to go up like 50 or 75 when he gets a $2.00 on my however the difference between a dollar in a dollar fifty a hundred percent on yeah. I mean it does. My head about $1 biologically or psychology like Yak a logical answer. Yeah, it does it ticks. Right? Well, I'm just like I'm like in this situation I could buy a cow. All right, whatever. I'm using this paper towel running put a towel on it. Yeah, I got it back, you know, like becomes less you're rich enough. You can just buy towels as your paper towels even in though, like even then at that point where you could literally throw money away every day and not throw it away fast enough. I would still like to To think that I'm not going to just waste. All right. Yeah, definitely. Okay. Look you absolutely see myself. I know that I'm gonna get there one day. Yeah. I don't know I didn't like absolutely I just with this podcast, right? Exactly. And so I just know like there's certain things. I obviously I stayed true to life. I'm not just because I can yeah, it's gonna go there and I will do a lot of traveling a lot of trap. I agree. That's but that's to me where it's worth. right now I'm just like because you live yeah it's not me buying a $10,000 bottle of wine to drink right like yeah who cares but I spent $10,000 and I've seen all of America exactly not exactly one of my like once I'm like life oh we're out there like I truly want to just take my truck little RV whatever it is attachment whatever it dry and like just me and my wife and just travel around to stop him like all the major cities like just travel around I got nothing else to do why don't I like dude let's do this yeah that's why I like people that are retired right like I mean you do with them all the time crack right and some of them it's like oh tomorrow's my weekend I'm so excited as I know I'm right Hard every day smile week. Yeah, like you're here at Cracker Barrel. Don't get me wrong Cracker Barrel has been fantastic to meet Vera and I appreciate where however I hope that you're here at Cracker Barrel. Just not for this. Yeah, not for the fifth time right week. Yes, you're just stopping through just kind of yes it is. This has this was telling me that his whole plan was to retire here like left here. He had a thorn like North Carolina. He was going to go there and retire and then he came in one day superset and all down and stuff its own that keep his plan. He just he couldn't see himself being able to go back. so you have to sell it he was the essential Drive yeah that stuff and I was like that's tough but the thing is if it's you here's my responsibility falls on needed to do things in his life to see the getting their be able to want really just be healthy enough to do yeah and it's like we're really who do you blame I'm due at some point in time like it's true can be bummed out about it but you some point self-responsibility self-reflection has to do that I did it and I don't really think it's too late for him to change I think so he can be able to indirectly I don't think I mean unless not sold on it, right? Yeah other Farm but like it was he was so sad about it. I was just like you you had the plan but you didn't position yourself for the blank like you have the end goal set up but you didn't do things to get the edge. So it's like it was all for nothing. You really kept that alive and well for the literally nothing pistol. Well, that's it. There was a guy that I worked with when I was two. You know easiest like now granted all the guys that I worked with and heating in are great people. However, it is a different type of humor here to do that job a hundred percent is and they like this guy in particular you ride with him and it's just like weird individual and so he comes in one day dude. Just depress me. I think he was 2 years from retirement. His wife was there he was an order. Yes, two years from retirement. His wife was a teacher he comes in one morning. He's like style sad all beaten up dude, and I wrote with my boss was basically a helper that one and he he told me what's going on and he's like I feel really bad for him his wife came home that day I was like I quit she was like probably a year and a half to two years away as well from retiring so she quit her job which meant it extended him from retirement he told my boss he is like man I'm gonna die work because he was never going to get to retire because all the medical bills they had and stuff like the the plan that they had set up that have been another 2-3 years at the most and then it's little water has of with she's didn't do it anymore yo I go he was in his 60s right will you do what do you do you leave somebody when you're that old know you spent 40 years with right and drag maybe 35 what are you doing and you say Seek lost her if she is coming back she's you will be here probably tomorrow at 6:30 yeah I don't care if you open it 9/10 she would be a 6:30 and she is doing this you're not do you know about the squander all know Glad you had a wall here and you under its granted. You look at the other side of this way. And if you knew this guy, he is it's crazy. Like just something's something's not screwed in all the way dude. He there was this other gentleman there who had just started seeing very smart. But also it was Kevin's on this guy. That's so selfish to her bro. Like yeah, I get like, okay dude. That is like Beyond selfish. Like if you especially like, okay, he said that they both made this plan yeah dude that's this literally like that's ballad on your team like and that's what I say I would take such an aggressive approach would be like no you're going back and like is dude if we made this place I can see if it was Marjorie but if we made a plan together both of us agreeing and he's working in heating Ryan's very do job but it's not a science you know it's not like it was I assume it probably when he was 5 or 6 years old it wasn't his dream today first so they both work so hard work right and just live it out you know and then she quits and he's got at least another 10 years before and she doesn't plan on getting another job she retired sorry I guess I'm said quit she retired early and so he has to work at least another 10 years before he do can financially see them being okay you know they say that you need to control Bless your days, essentially. That's a good get people from 6 to 11 years after they retired. They tell them to Cordon silhouette at the national treasury, whatever you're comfortable with sounds terrible. What's comfortable and we're at and what's it? Right? Right. I mean, it's like 11 years parents, right? They have their house. Live on some people are living on the grain of the month. That's 12. All right here, but that's okay. But again, we're here. Yeah, like you said I think it yeah if you're here in Tennessee in my head right now, I think that's rule Tennessee to go the eagle live like was he but this one seemed like Devon's parents right heat they have their house paid off over so that's a house payment right you might have to pay property taxes on it whatever that's fine but if you have that out of your way and you have all your other bills and debts paid off and you're smart about it that runs that comfortability number down on blocked right and if you don't go out and buy the cars and stuff like that where you live on which what you can you have left right so if you do need to go to the hospital bill or whatever you want to get a new TV right whatever it is you can do it without freaking and taking a low in six years with so do you think anybody's gonna play it safe six years balls to the wall yeah I will do you even 10 years it was a million and a half is that what it was one point okay so 10 years $140,000 a year okay that's a lot right if you think what do ya think tax is still so I pursued a new tax bracket But if you so 20 20 years that's 70 still these 70 grand a year still so your analyses things. Seven bucks a downward be down because I'm in this City's the bank right but I mean still I'm not saying you're making that I'm saying that's what you're living. Oh you're strictly so you allowed her to have it. Yeah, that's that's in my head right now. What I because I'm weird and always playing out stuff way in the future, right? So what I want to eventually get to at least now without inflation and stuff like that. Let's say it's 30 40 years. However, long down the road Devon and I will retire We have grandkids and kids whatever we have. Our house has paid off house warehouse has paid off Joe. I would rather I would like to live be able to comfortably live off of about fifty five sixty thousand dollars a year. I think that's I think that's good because it's like we could spend money on trips for us in the family and then still have plenty of money left over. I mean how much food do you eat in a year we do that, you know, so if you're healthy, yeah, hopefully a good ride, but at the same time he benefits at the at the grocery store right now. We spend a hundred and fifty bucks a week ish. Do you have a okay? So like you still got this little think so Once you have kids Somebody's gotta pay for it. Well, hopefully they're not losers, right? That's what I'm saying 40 years down the road right wedding, dude. Well, that's what that's what you have that little bit of hash. Okay, maybe that's okay. We had a quadruple is that next generation of your Offspring? So the green that's against my kids for a but yeah, you say that I know. just are you here Francis happened Shelby nothing worked School price of only going on I don't think so so it's either going down no no no I think right now they're going up right and I think eventually it's gonna hit that Apex of where there are so many that's it no more yes hundreds that's my thing with like eating it was I wish that I had the mindset before because I think that I think anybody can make with I just I can't be alone all day not talk back You know, but that was what drove me nuts most is it's not rocket science. Anybody can kind of figure it out. But you do have to have that mechanical brain being able to cook as a few to figure it out. Right? But you're just you're kind of on your own you're figuring out this machine you're talking to this machine trying to figure out what's wrong. What is wrong with you hundred percent, which is where I've seen it a thousand times with those guys doing that but Anyway, there is such a huge gap. It is so hard for them to find people to work in that area because kids are going to college right? So like the people that are old and retiring to nobody to replace. That's why it's so in demand right now have trades whether it's heating their Plumbing or construction ever it is there's a lot of money to be made a living and electricians make If you can just get like just session as an electrician just like just do a check up some stuff. Yes. Now for sure did I don't agree with everything. He says yeah, but at the same time like he does have I think he has a lot of interests like his debates. I love him and his debate, you know, the change my mind segments but not like his I don't agree with everything says we have some stuff. I'm just like but at the same time I think you would usually The change my mind, thanks. Yes, dude. Okay only because it always it always gives me motivation to be able to argue people. Right and also true to is shows like the stupidity of a lot of people like what they're accusing him of they are themselves. Yeah, so that's I had this room at one point, right and I always used to he he always lean he always use always leaning left. Right and it was always just like that's fine. You know, it's whatever. He just he kind of had some conservative values in him though. So I'd always had political talks with them and we just talk about whatever and that's what I liked about it is we could just have talks and whether we disagree each other didn't matter. We were still in print and there was one time I went on this like I think my friend somewhere or something or he picked me up from somewhere and we got back home we're just sitting in the driveway felt 30 minutes just talking about stuff I'm talking about free health care free college or whatever it was and I was just like where do you think we get the money from any kind of sat there for a second and he's like the government it has like where do you think where do they get the money from get the money yeah he's like we pay it in taxes in any other day he post something on Facebook about how people don't know how taxes work He doesn't know dude. Yeah, so not that this means anything. I don't mean to alienate half of our audience, but Bernie's plan on taxes going up on anybody who makes over 29,000 dollars a year. I make more than that freaking cracker be. All right. Okay, see all right, so, you know, I could use some share something like that on Facebook. I didn't see it. Okay. All right, so I shared that and like again art. So sometimes I'll share stuff one kind of get people fired up. Yeah, do you like getting people fired up? see that what they'll say and then and I won't even respond back in the comments I was just whatever you say cool right but that's you and then the life whether it's accurate or not with it so people say well that's not me me not doing my due diligence looking up I can direct your not first of all you're the idiot that's believing everything you see like you haven't non sense of shared on Facebook so like I get it such a such a polarizing like a vent president yes I'm just such a is important yeah and so like so if somebody is playing around by putting out false narrative I can see what if it's especially if it's a person you like I can get why you're upset yeah well I like okay there were so many comments on that so anyway that a lot of people in fact checking either I know it's not true you should delete bitches faked a lot going in and they're like yeah this should be delete it now I guess how already in them yeah what's up all right you know yeah but they're saying that his it's taxation would start until you made probably was 60,000 that right but still that's my point my point is like who wants to make under sixty thousand yeah what's the point isn't that good and it was days like that sometimes I'll make a point to kind of stop doing something for a minute and it's like still not done yep it's just me right and it was just like what in the world like in people kind of always use the excuse of making coffee right anybody can make God yes exactly my argument to any servers who you know try to go for the Socialist standpoint of like okay give me half your tips right that's ok as you said okay so look this is what it says 40% on income between two hundred fifty thousand five hundred thousand forty five percent on income between 500,000 two millionths 50% between 2 million and 10 million and 62% on 10 million So that's the thing to do though is like who wants to work come up with this great idea for so hard to implement into where they say aren't you being a doctor? Where did you work your butt off that way if you bring in 10 million, so you're working your butt off. My guess is probably upwards of 70 to 80 hours a week. Yeah right making close to 2 million some She surgeons hundred percent do and you have studied your whole life for that. That's my thing was like free columns, right? I already I think gen Ed's are completely stupid. You should have learned it in high school. If you didn't you fail out because you don't know how to write a paper Higher Learning is not free. That's my thing with there is an English class. That's it. Right. She was teaching us how to use comments. we should have already learned wasting money a hundred percent and that's I think that's why they started like free Community College because they're trying to push people rides for that three two years yeah either way still a waste of time if that ain't a waste of taxpayer money look at that point you're already complaining about how high schools or public school is not good enough and then you want to make College Higher Learning very it's yeah oh see I think I'll show when people say no socialism will work and maybe say oh my God but if you have say like he is so anyway the thing is you can't incentivize enough people to do stuff like that's that's somebody else right now yeah because I mean how'd that happen Capitalism is essentially incentive. Yeah card enough when you were reflected. Hey, you talk to your people enough negotiate with somebody enough convince. Someone else enough to have something to show me your favor. You can therefore exceed even more. Well, I think the problem is to is is no I agree like and I think that one is going to work hard you have much time people put in to be neurosurgeons you think do they not just seven years 15 years post. High School, what's the point Oaks with your I don't worry if you're going to do all that with for what what they say people eyes to save this lies. Yes. I'm not doing research plus my doctor hours for eighty hundred hours a week for you to didn't turn around and say hey by the way, let her get you did that but I jimbob down here flipping. He's really having a tough time because you know, you need to you know, we're going to take 50 of that 50% of what of what what what is he he couldn't exactly well he had a tough time and have the same opportunities as you you're joking right I agree people have came from worse and done a lot better yeah but it's impossible now I'm not all on the hell you pictures of these Jazz involve ah but a lot of people want a bailout self-responsibility itself accountability is a huge thing that people want to avoid yeah and it's like know if some point you need it wasn't your mom and dad's fault that you didn't have the opportunity you are 18 hey figured out about a bunch of other people get it out but you don't have to you don't need the glitz and the glamour everybody wants to do this and do that on what's comfortable for you what do you like to play dude you do hundreds like I just hate that whole hand me out having outfit yet no I know you're good dude I like I agree completely and I think a big problem with I say people today even though I haven't lived much passed yesterday right like I thankfully those but but you know what I mean in the sense of like I didn't grow up a hundred years ago or whatever but I think the big problem is looking at it in the sense of I've worked really hard this week where's my reward all right you know people don't think long-term I didn't want to I think not enough people think long term they think short term they want everything now when you can get on a medication a hundred percent and you get out Amazon and order something which don't get me wrong I love Amazon you order these mics from Amazon shout out but sponsor us yes please anybody's butt but no I think that's where I think that's where a lot of it comes from is the instant gratification of like I want it and I want it now that's why we're trying to go through with the Stella is no good it's she was playing with my mom's phone today for a little bit and like we try not to give her a call right we want her to have that try to be able to walk that line with like yes we want you to be able to keep up with technology and know it but at the same time we don't want you to be the kid at the dinner table literally cries when you've seen the Crackdown yes who cries are screams without a phone it's like no dude you were the parent exactly subcommander exactly also for those that are unclear on how billionaires work okay so like to I'm so tired of seeing this thing and people as well as from Twitter people are like I got their moms are just blown because they're talking about how much the guy did that take talking rice about Jeff Bezos and I was just like but I can only imagine okay so like say that the average man makes Mm. That's who I'm wondering and it was like so then we did like average income of blah blah. So they show them on there like this how much Jeff Bezos net worth is. Okay like for all dude. Isn't that worth it? They're doing everything on if he sold and Amazon, right? He doesn't physically have I'm sure he has a good amount of money. Yeah, but he doesn't physically have the what is it 200 billion dollars of Amazon and you have the yes, like that works is I'm sure he's got at least a billion I could see that I mean if that would be too far fetched me anything like okay, he's cashing on summer rightfully, so he built something with people. He's provided so many people great job. whatwhat did he get the kidney back then there's somebody that work is somebody gonna we're gonna go a lot today this probably but there's somebody that works I wouldn't say full fledge communist goes like they love Karl Marx the kind of believe in that like people it should be mom and pop shops goodbye first question was do you shop at Walmart right yes yeah and of course they said yes of course in a sec okay why don't you go spend the extra dollars in a mom and pop shop that's fine that if you want to do that that's fine but at the same time you got to look at how many people I looked at how many Walmarts who are and how many people would I don't remember that is a lot of people that can put food on their table because of Walmart if they work hard enough they can go the management and put a lot more food on their table if they want I'll show you what they could be losing I cannot it's the whole thing like more there my mother always told me she said don't compare yourself amongst yourself what's working for you may not work for the first and vice versa like do I may be comfortable with 60,000 a year I'm making everything that my mind can physically imagine soon as I start looking over and seeing what you have but that keeping up with the Joneses looking looking at what you have or what and then I'm stuck Cameron He has a new this problem have fun. I don't have new truck for us to be like this truck is running 400,000 miles from the never had a process we pointed. Yeah, and you're like You got to travel to Jamaica this year. I got to travel see my family, but that's not to say that you're like dude like think about what's working for you and your system your team. Like they're just so and everybody think they feel like they're entitled to what's that? Well, he did. What did you do? What he did? Yeah. few actresses like the art so he traded stop where did you take the risk did you risk your hundred thousand and you just netafim that you we invest all that back in to take the gamble no you did it well that's alike it like back to the network that's something Warren Buffett said like with the the 2008 financial crisis is like everybody's like Warren Buffett just like lost billions of dollars it was like I haven't sold any of my staff I'm just going to ride it out so he wrote it out and then his mother came back up exactly it was okay but again my people don't understand their like it's a long-term yeah well he doesn't physically have that money there with him anyway I resent like it's do they you have to get over that point of thinking like this dude is just sitting on Jeff it has to do with over 200 billion dollars dude if I was hitting 200 you wouldn't be able to even find like different people but yeah likely different you know like dude I'm doing free I am on Mars like you aren't planning me bro laughs please gotta company well yeah I'm sure like he has it's not SpaceX adorable yeah but it starts just like those people those people came up with an idea and there are also people are there because they're not directly affected by the help at least they don't see it as that yeah if he takes it was on up the thing and you go back to the little mom and pop store that third-party company first of all how hard is it right now to find a third party like this a teacher comments you got a couple of random you like I haven't we like to do is on how would you have found that person that's all the way over a Nevada yeah but that's it you that thing on Amazon yeah like you that's your school let's go I wanted their sentence lights on right this is there something to Devon's on it's a hundred percent that's exactly what she said it's in it's like an all those two one it's like that is the thing right like there's a there's an argument that I never heard before before the other night about like employee owned businesses yeah Publix is one in a sense of like the employees all own stocks they are I have a say in the business are like that's only possible in a free market economy exactly it's just like those people are contributing so much you may not okay you may not feel like it is but your neighbor working helps our whole economy to get as much like those 10 people cross the street working helps everyone because it can keep things down low it can keep things accessible well that's why it language that's why so I used to be I used to be really bad that's where I met kind of entry-level for me kind of hid in the sense of I used to be really bad in competitive of like that person has more get more of a you know like what we've been talking about I used to be like that and soon as if like dang it I wish I was that and now it's like I see that person I am up still very competitive and I do want to be the best but it's more like a good for them but I can do that you know in the sense of like I'm happy that everybody's doing great something that I've kind of grown too as well as like I love when people tell me that like even at Cracker Barrel on it some weird stupidest like only want a diet that's a good for you like I want you to better yourself I want people to better themselves because the more people that better themselves the better off we all are exactly how because if I think I heard this a long time that a fish like a pond fish will grow to a certain size is that he based on its environment and Mallory like it never mind that's good anyway aaseesh will grow to the size of its environment so if it's in a pond that that's in the ocean so that's where it's like yes I'm still very competitive want to be the best but people succeeding like I really like seeing people succeed now I think that was one of the kind of my biggest mature men let's have like yeah I used to be jealous of stuff like that but now it's like cool dude right oh good you got good for you there's not really a way to say good for you you know sound genuine good good good yeah good for you yeah like I said just because I mean it's not like we came from I've never been like you got that purple come and take your things yeah that's always like what I've been like so like it's just I've always thought to keep if you grind it up no but you cannot be somebody that works hard no matter how much you want to somebody as just a dog and work hard that there's no way of beating them because it's like every angle you try sure you might have better Talent you may even think of something better than him but as soon as they see you doing doing it till I think it is better than what I'm doing and they start trying it that Harder Than You Inside holy crap look at that going yeah a mic if you have that mentality but a lot of people they see somebody like trying just as hard as them or pushing just as hard as them doing the same thing as them the like yeah or I should say I've noticed that with some people like around now I guess around my age you know I'm whippersnapper yeah well like they're just always kind of like I'll say like I've seen to it like first like trying to go like to mess with the end of this do right now bro should he be in med school yeah it's not another snot not like the best thing to say but like with this Duke works hard but I have seen him like this he just wash dude not by any means he's just a very average dude he knows a little bit of this little bit of that but that do before I saw him spend time all the time studying bro go to talk to this person talk to that person like going to shout out this guy that Julie grinding it out you take the MCAT like I think he took it twice and then on top of that uh started visiting colleges just showing up and it was like hey I'm still are really interesting in school but nobody's calling back for interviews nobody was anything like that dude he got a nice actually going but aside people like that dude they'll always succeed because they're not just taking no for an answer and I just stopped trusting other people do I okay why I didn't get into my school so I guess I'll just do research the next three years you're like that was one school tell you know that's yeah like it's so friggin dr. Seuss right he had like 80 to a hundred knows of like no this is terrible you'll never get kept getting those kept getting those and then eventually obviously it's dr. Seuss all right so eventually like it becomes that you got to hear no a thousand times but then that one yes makes it worth it in it's almost like to me to me it's like you have to prove that you really really want this right you can say you want it you can even put some work into it but really really really have to want it read it or whatever since it is and you have to put the you have to put the final steps into it in like put all the work into it and then here no and you're done nothing and so that's I don't know I mean I just that's what even thinking about like Nashville right being so close obviously this is Murfreesboro we're not Nashville we are not Nashville for all you do they keep tagging on your Instagrams and all that we are not Nashville free spirit except we are not the greater South Nashville get that attitude we're talking about counties that's Davidson this is Rutherford yeah figure it out it is Al not Nashville we're not Nashville right but if you think about Nashville because it is closed right you think about this so you think about what they go through there's a reason that they call it a seven-year town right though okay it's I think now it's more like that in your town of them but it takes seven years from the first time you show up to the first time you get a song The Ring you know that's always been but greatly Superior ride was a hundred percent do but that's in that's why I like this obviously I feel like it's kind of true but in the sense of you gotta hear Noah thousand times dude and you got to be you got to be willing to go through that heartache of somebody and that's what CM my brother dude he's a songwriter in the amount of emotion and stuff that he puts into a song and he used to send them to me for a very long time and eventually got sick of me because my philosophy is help from my baseball coach growing up was do you want me to be like oh this is really good and kind of lie to you and says or do you want to get better you know so like it was like sometimes you gotta like you know still write it because I think you should that I personally believe I personally believe that song writers should do that in a sense to kind of get all the juices flowing but also you know I tell them find it in myself every songs are going to be gold and so when they hear that was like oh it's not good enough you know and they hear that over and over that's going to drive the people who don't really really want it out of town and you know I think that applies to a lot of stuff of life is this really your dream where do you think it is yeah you have whatever it is are you going to you know kind of put the work into it get disheartened leave or you can have the passion for it and you're going to stay and get through it thanks for coming looking for listening we hope you enjoyed it as much as we had fun recording it was a lot of fun can't wait to do it next week can't wait to upload it next week again make sure you like and make sure you're subscribing to the podcast that way you know exactly when we're putting this out for you shout out to everybody but the sport very much appreciate it we'll see you next week