Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast last season. We played through the first gen games red and blue this season. We're playing through the 2nd gen games silver and gold in the Johto region, beautiful Johto no major catastrophes this week. We didn't lose any game boys. We didn't lose any games. The curse is lifted this week. It would have been as though God were spitting in our faces if he made us lose our Games at this point because this section of Pokemon that we played this week Josh. Yeah was just like a little tiny little tiny kiss of Pokemon this week. Yeah, they mess with the timeline a little bit in this game where they kind of mix it up in the last episode and it giant fetch Quest where you have to go all the way from a critique to CN would oh, yeah. I mean you go a critique to Olivine to The cyan would back up to all of Vine. Yeah, which is this week's leg last week. We did that the other way we went all of mine to Sian would write and guess what when you go the other way nothing changes. No because we still don't have Whirlpool so we can't check out the Whirl Islands, right? Thank God Chuck's wife bless her heart gave us fly so we can at least fly across back to Allah by you think that's Chuck's white hitch. She says she Chuck's wife. She's upset. He battles all the time and never hangs out with her. Oh that's like my wife and podcasting. Okay, Josh. I'm looking at the sheet. I noticed you still haven't filled in your sweetie. That's fine. No obligation to maybe you didn't have a sweetie this week. Maybe I have a couple of twists and turns we played Pokemon Gold and Silver this week. We started in Sion wood and we had just beaten Chuck and now we have to make the long and arduous Journey back to Olivine City. I'll tell you what, I did Josh did you fly? No, I surfed and I ground out some fucking levels. Okay, that's what you're want to do because I knew that this was going to be a pretty brief lag. So I thought you know what I'm gonna do grind out some levels now while I've got the the man hours to do it. Yeah, because I'm going to be back in all of I in in a matter of moments and Josh. May I do a segment you met it's called level check. The level check kick it up. I mostly just wanted to get all my Pokemon up to level 30. I felt embarrassed that they weren't already there. So I just did some grinding Christina my night. All right, Christina mine at Arena is I love her theme level 30. Gorgo. My Meganium is level 35 I think unchanged from last week by about us. Is my Pidgeotto is Level 33? I think that's probably also unchanged Harold. My Lantern is 35 and I will say wow Harold I think did go up a level because or two because Harold was move maker Harold was my go-to Pokemon at all vine Jim pound maker my Growlithe level 30 and Robert the Bruce my far-fetched level 30. I like the you have the far-fetched I'm digging far-fetched, but you originally didn't even like far-fetched. You were like, oh, I'm not interested. It's not a sweetie and you were so surprised that it was how's it going with that far-fetched? I like far-fetched. He has a move called sword dance. Oh, yeah. I love that move you come into a battle and you do sword dance once and it raises your attack significantly. That's right. And then you do any other move even the lowliest of Pecs will usually like do just boatloads damage. Well, let me tell you something my site. They're also gets Swords Dance and then he gets / so you're gonna have a little something to deal with sorry. Is that a bug type? Yeah, but I wonder how your bug type will do against my flying-type by the time you're flying type deals with my bug type. He will also be a Steel type and then you're going to be running into a problem. I'm loving all the unusual dual types in this game. Yeah. Stuff like electric water and steel which is a whole new thing. I've never heard of it. What's new? Are there any other new types in this game Dark Christina has a couple dark moves. Yeah bite is dark now crunches a new move. That's dark dark is good feint attack. It does some damage against some people. Yeah. Dark is fun. Is there a cool bone dog? Whose dark? Yeah Helen. Doron Houndoom. That's cool. I want to Honduran. How do you know which are sweeties by the way, are they in this? Yeah, fuck. Yeah, I can't wait to get one. What are you just gonna have a bunch of dogs because you have growl leaf that leaf is more like a Tiger It's like duck hunt your far-fetched. Okay. That was my level check. That's where I ended up after all of mine. Jim. A lot of that was just grinding. There's a really nice grind spot right off the coast of a sign with City where you're only like four steps from the Pokémon Center so you can go and surf up and down the coast and just take out tentacles who are all like level 20. Man, that is some real grinding. I did not level very much at all because I got fed up with the grinding options. I was running around in the area outside moo moo Farm because you have the chance of getting a Tauros that are far-fetched and they have like 400 something experience. But everything else is a fucking Raticate the nice part about the the coast right off sign. What is the Pokémon center is right there. So even if a technical poisons you it's just like well, I'm just gonna pop in and get cured. Yeah, but the water tentacles or 10 or cools, what are they getting you? The tenant cools aren't worth a ton. They're worth like 300 the 10 accruals can be up to like 650. Sometimes it's not that bad. Yeah, nice little grinding Spot while I was in my grinding spot, which was the area to the east of the moo moo Farm. Yeah. I did cure that miltank, by the way. I prefer not to spend any time by the miltank form if I can help it. It was not worth it because all that I got was some fuckin ability to just I some gross milk, which I don't want because we know where it comes from. Yeah, I seen some literature online about where that milk comes from and let me tell you it comes from an unexpected genital on an unexpected person. None of it is what I was in the mood for not not right now and then you get TM 13, which is snore from like the old man who's like the head of the farm and all that that does is damaged if the The user is sleeping. And as you know, I'm the one who's inflicting sleeping on everyone else. So I don't I don't need this. I defeat it like ate berries hated it. I can't I couldn't possibly care. I didn't get this and I don't want it and I'm not interested and I need my berries. I feed my Pokemon berries. Yeah, I wouldn't recommend doing it. I'll tell you what, I did do though. I did some Artful Curt ball making this week now that I have access to fly. I also went and found that fucking charcoal you Shut up about and gave it to my Growlithe pound maker. Like I said, maybe you would have a fire Pokémon eventually in that would be nice. I also got something called sharp beak or something like that and gave that to Pidgeotto. What would you get Sharpie? I don't remember any that I don't remember. So now Meganium has like something that empowers grass-type Barbarossa has something that empowers flying-type pound maker has something that empowers fire type. So I'm in good shape. I just need to find something that empowers either electric or water and I don't even know what night arena is to be honest poison ground poison ground nightmare soft sand empowers ground moves. I don't use a lot of her Grandma's poison. I don't think there's anything for that because who gives a shit gives a shit. Anyway, let's hear about your mom man. All right, there's one big movement will save that for last. So Ryan Atwood Scyther 31, no movement. Our Pidgeotto 29 one level Julie Cooper Weepinbell 33 significant movement there. That's my number one in terms of levels. Dr. Roberts traveler level 30 Marissa Hunter level 28 no movement. Nothing there. I don't have time for any of this shit and I can't wait to hear what happened to your main Pokémon Feraligatr. What's his name again Lou? Awkward Luke what I got? I can't wait to hear what happened to Luke Ward this week. If you're for alligator, I think I've laid the seeds throughout the season. I don't care for the Totodile and Feraligatr line and it was inevitable that Luke Ward would meet his demise. What do you mean Josh? I'm the meme where the guy is waking up in a hospital bed and like he went into a coma at like episode like 13 and he's like, oh, I can't wait to see how Joshua Crocodile is doing. You didn't even remember that it was a Feraligatr now I couldn't know. What did you do to him? He's going to retire retire to the farm. I'll send him over Professor. Oak's way let them hang out on the coast by Pallet Town. He loves the coast as we know welcome to Newport Bitch video. See bitch. This is how it's done in Orange County. That was a little too problematic for my tastes and I could really have that on my team. Yeah, it brings a lot of negative energy. He's uses generate insult since like guides 2020. So I went on a little Adventure you recall several episodes ago. We said Union Cave was useless and it should be flattened to the ground blow it up. Yes. I went back there because I wanted to see what it was all about because I recalled that there was some water in there. I had a Pokémon with ahead sir fluke ward. He surf me to the deepest depths of Union Cave. Last Friday night. Sorry, there's water in Union Cave. Yeah news to me went all the way down to the third floor level of Union Cave and I encountered a lot of fucking people that I did not like there are a lot of trainers that actually are in Union Cave and they're all Poke maniacs and they're all cool trainers and they all think that they're better than you. Oh, I don't remember being in there. No because it appears that you haven't cool trainer cool trainer, though. Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah, I'm coaching. I'm cool. I see I see I haven't plumbed The Depths it should I go back? Is there something in there worth getting I found that there was okay and what he found on the third level the deepest steps of Union Cave was a Lapras surfing around. Whoa. What and the left versus name was summer Roberts. How do you catch a Lapras the Lapras only shows up on Fridays at the bottom of Union Cave. Wow, who knows? Why maybe like me she loves a TGIF man. Yeah. I know that about you only then will she come out and leave the house. Yeah Lapras that's interesting and his lab for security as sweetie. Yeah. Okay. Well guess. Having to be next Friday and that reminds me Lapras is Joshi, sweetie this week as well to answer your earlier question. Okay. Sure. So your sweetie is not even coming in part two of this episode. No because you look at Lapras you look at the Sprite. It's got a saucy little grin like maybe it could do something a little mischievous little sexy, but it's going to be fun. You're going to like it. Yeah, and that was also why Lapras is summer as well because Summer Roberts in the OSI is someone who's always a little saucy. On a deserted island. Oh take the nourishment that your meager frame has to offer and then I would feed your bones to the Sharks Rachel Bilson. Yeah, Rachel Bilson, okay over the course of the series you grow to lover you love the SAS, you love that. She can go toe-to-toe with Seth Cohen self-deprecating. Okay Nationwide Josie and mainly because we learned in the holiday hijinks episode of the anime. Oh, yeah. She's got a very sexy voice very sexy voice and secretly super smart. Oh, yeah, like the Lapras in Holiday hijinks. And so Lapras is summer Roberts and she's the newest member of the team and she's level 29. Well congratulations. I can't wait to catch my own Lapras with that type water and ice. That's cool. That's a good that's a good. Look. It's fun. I've been having a lot of fun with her. We should talk about all of mine City Gym, which is literally the one thing we had to do this week. First we brought the secret potion to the top of the lighthouse. Yes, you fight your way to the top of this Tower and Olivine it it acts as as the gym as entually for this leg of the journey because like it's we're all like Jasmine's trainer henchmen are flunkies. Yeah, although that none of them have Steel type Pokemon. They all just have like random ass Pokemon mostly water type. Actually. Well a lot of them were Sailors, it's Fleet week because SS Aquas there and it's Act so they're all trying to like go to Doc Holliday's on 12th Street and get fucked the trying to go to go to town. Yeah. Yeah. I caught a glimpse of Politoed one of these dudes had it. Oh, yeah. Whoo doggy Joshua. I know Tanner sweeties is not a thing but Politoed. Oh, yeah yikes such a cutie. Is this your first time experiencing Politoed? Yeah, who's a part of your beloved Poliwag line? Yeah. I love it. You know Politoed is a sweetie. Yeah, obviously, look at that fucking thing. I'm gonna definitely have one if you looked up sweetie in the dictionary Politoed will be the image next to it. I love this thing. So anyway, we get to the top of the lighthouse we give Jasmine the secret potion, which she gives to Ampharos M Phi and Phi is the name of her Ampharos and it lights back up and she says goodbye and And jumps down a hole you follow her down the whole you go to her Jim. There's no trainers. It's just you and Jasmine. Yeah, and she has for Pokemon and three of them are making mites. Isn't it only to I don't remember she has three Pokémon two of them are magnetites don't remember and I don't care. It was a lot of Magna mites and then she has one new type of Pokemon and it was actually my you make me barf Pokemon of the week Steelix. Oh, yeah. When I saw it, I knew it. I mean this was a short leg. I only encountered a handful of Pokemon, but you know Onyx is ugly. Of course, you don't Onyx is a dumb ugly Pokemon. It's hideous. Imagine if it was uglier. It looks like a bunch of like whiskey Scotch rocks piled on top of each other. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh cool. What do you have like some kind of like $40 like silicone like whistle drock? No because I know that whiskey rocks Our scam and that's the other reason why I'm using them as an example because Onyx is a scam. You got it off like cool hunting or whatever. You're like. Ooh, perfect. Yeah like be great for my Economist nights. Everybody knows that whiskey disks are where it's at some noxious. I'm making fun of you for being obnoxious about whiskey and you come up with something even more. Obnoxious Bravo. This thing sucks. Sucks the Steelix and I hate it and like what a what a way to introduce a whole new type of Pokemon still type Pokemon by giving me a glimpse at this fucking like yeah, fuck ugly thing Steelix. It's like an onyx and it's made out of metal and its got like a severe underbite. Yeah. It looks like it's wearing like headgear all over its face that also has like rust and like things growing off of it. Yeah Steelix sucks. And I hate it. It's got like sunken eyes. I'm looking at pictures of it. I even looked at it's like a Mega Evolution or whatever. It sucks. It doesn't even deserve a Mega Evolution. I hated Steelix and that I didn't like it either is it how you do against Jasmine? I Unleashed summer on her and it was a clean sweep. I put the Magna mites to sleep surf surf Steelix one surf, that's it. I think Lantern and Growl Leaf carried this gym for me and that's it. That's the entire that's episode leg of the journey that we went on this week. And I guess that's the entire episode smell you later. Unless Josh. Oh unless Josh you and I got up to some sneaky business this week. Now, he would be very short episode which we will discuss after this break. Josh we knew that it was going to be a very brief interlude this week. He did Tanner vis-à-vis playing Pokemon. Yeah, so we figured maybe there was something else we needed to do with our time because we weren't doing enough with doing it one to two podcasts having a full-time job. We were like one like 20 minute episode isn't going to be isn't going to cut it. So maybe what we should do is watch a little more Pokemon anime make Work for us. Yeah do another clip show which are the hardest ones to edit. This is perfect. Yeah, and look at what we've done for ourselves. Now, we tried to find some bits and pieces of media that happened around the end of June 1 and the beginning of Jen to Josh and we thought maybe there's some interesting episodes of the anime we could watch and thought no it wasn't me D enough. It wasn't meaty enough and so we thought Thought well, what if we played the entirety of the Pokemon Trading Card Game On The Game Boy Color to meaty? And then we thought that's too meaty. That's like 20 hours of work. So we settled in to watch a film Pokemon the first movie Mewtwo Strikes Back. Yeah. And what is it called is it called Pokemon? The first movie is a called Pokémon Mewtwo Strikes Back or is it called Pokemon the Maybe Mewtwo Strikes, but it's very confusing. It's called Pokemon: the first movie: Mewtwo Strikes Back. I don't think you can do to Colin's. No, I don't think you can either but I did notice in the title cards. It does go Pokemon the first movie and then a separate title card Mewtwo Strikes Back and it looks like the Mars Attacks sort of like it looks super fucking hokey. Well Josh a through this Thing together the movie was pretty hokey. Yeah, it was a brief 75 minutes. Yeah blinking and missing God. It honestly surprised me when the movie was like wrapping up. I was like surely we're not in the third act. Nothing has happened sets itself up for like 30 or 40 minutes and then everything just comes crashing down. It's an episode of the anime that they've stretched into 75 minutes. Yeah, and this was a major motion picture of release the biggest Pokemon Movie release of all time. I saw it I think five times in theaters because you loved it. No I even as a kid I didn't like it, but they had five unique cards that they were giving out Trading Card Game Cards. Yeah limited edition. Have you played the trading card game? I collected the cards, but I didn't really play the game because I thought it sort of sucked and be interested in playing the game. I can't get back into the cards. I'm waiting for miles to get old enough to just ask a papa papa. What is a Pokemon card and I'll be like let's go to the store get in the car. We're going to the store one of my greatest regrets. Maybe my perhaps. My greatest regret is that I sold all of my Pokemon cards when I was in high school. Yeah, that sucks and I had first editions of all four of the first sets. Yeah, that's your dumb. Idiot, like base jungle fossil. Jim all of them. What a mistake you made and it would have been fun just to have them. Just to look at them and hand them down to miles. I also remember that when this movie came out, which was in 99. Mm. Yeah 99 in the u.s. I was 15. I was a 11 I was in high school my friends and I would leave Rocky Mountain High School every day and go to a nearby like strip mall where there was a Burger King. There was a Quiznos. There was a Burger King and there was a Bagel and you ate lunch at one of those three places every single day. Okay, unless you ate lunch at school, but if you're a bunch of school you were a fucking like dork nerd loser. Oh, yeah, you gotta go off campus for lunch go off campus. Yeah get a get a life and we would go mostly to Burger King every single day and I do distinctly remember Burger King giving out these pokeballs with gold inserts in them. Do you remember this? It was a Pokeball that had like gold cards. Basically I had the Mewtwo one. I should have kept that also. My child self would be both impressed with what I'm doing currently and appalled because I don't have any of this paraphernalia that I used to have poke for. Nelia. I still do actually have and keep on top of my TV and my living room a toy. I bought off eBay which was the toy that came in Burger King kids meals at the time of publication. Here at yeah, I've seen that very tasteful. It's very tasteful. Yeah, let's talk about this movie with that we watched because we did watch Pokemon the first movie Mewtwo Strikes deck Mewtwo Street shrink back in this movie. Well, what's weird is that in the version that is at least now available on streaming for purchase. They cut Mewtwo's origin which explains why he's striking back when you rent it. It opens with like a dream sequence of mu swimming in like bubbly water and some like voiceover shit about like life. Yeah tries making this like very elaborate like life the great mystery and it's like the Mew and in her bubble. Life the great miracle and the great mystery since the beginning humans and Pokémon alike have searched for its meaning. many strange and wondrous Legends evolved from the pursuit of life's mysteries, but none is Stranger Than This tale of the most powerful Pokémon of all and then Mewtwo opens his eyes and he's surrounded by lab techs and he's told that he's been cloned and that he is the Ultimate Weapon and he Takes out of his cell and kills everyone and like fuck shit up, but that's not the original intro, right? Is it Josh? No, it is not the original intro is that Mewtwo is a baby? He's like a boy Mewtwo a little sweetie baby Mewtwo. Did you watch it on YouTube? Yeah. I mean, I've seen it many times but I also re-watch it and he finds himself in a black void and he's surrounded by baby like Squirtle Squirtle Commander Bulbasaur and they all have weird markings and there's also a little girl there and the little girl and Mewtwo talk about like who they are and like what their purpose is and she reveals that she's a clone and so is he and that's why he is called Mewtwo and that's why she is called Amber to yeah, and then she dies and so does Squirtle and so does Bulbasaur and so does Charmander they're flawed clone. Created by dr. Fuji who is interested in cloning Pokemon so he can learn how to clone his dead daughter Amber because she was sick originally it was the reason that he was trying to clone her the Clone dies and then you to has like survivor's guilt that is what they cut and I in a lot of ways totally understand why they cut that right dark pretty dark and it's child death and when you're a child and you're confronting child death, that's pretty heavy. You know, yeah, sorry. There's some kind of like mixer happy. You got like what a coven like what is always happening at this place? I don't know. I don't know. I think it might be another psycho sexual Cinema night or something. Cut it instead. We just get this intro where Mewtwo wakes up kills. Dr. Fuji instantly. Yeah, and it makes them just look like this mad Pokemon mad. Mom is mad that's in the whole movie is he's presented as a crazed Maniac. Yeah, but they don't explain why he's lashing out. He had a reason that he had to slaughter everyone Giovanni comes down from his helicopter and says join me and together we will rule the world and he gives him some like Less armor my favorite Mewtwo. They started venturing together start blowing shit up. And then Giovanni says be my partner and then he realizes that he's not he's being used by Giovanni and he says hey this doesn't seem like much of a fucking partnership to me and Giovanni says you were created by humans to obey humans. You could never be are equal. So mu 2 throws off his armor and flies back to New Island the last it all off. Fucking destroys that lab to I was not born a Pokemon. I was created and my creators have used and betrayed me. So I Stand Alone. Yes, this existential crisis. He narrates that it's about to be the reign of Mewtwo is my true reason for being goes off the rails immediately. Yeah cut to a Schmidt. Deep Rock are eating lunch Team Rocket is watching them because apparently Team Rocket. I don't know much about Team Rocket. I've never watched the anime. This is the first film I've seen here's what I know about Team Rocket always hungry. Yeah, their main character motivation is like, how do we get food? Then? There are other motivation is making the worst possible puns. I love their puns. They're like, we didn't come here to steal a meal. I'd settle for a taste of that Pikachu. Ow. Yeah. Yeah. I liked it when he said pea. Ouch, ow. Yeah. Yeah, they're all hanging out and like this peaceful Hillside inexplicably and a pirate. Oh, so this is a storytelling device that I fucking loved which is like a good like I would say 10 minutes of movie has already happened and you've seen no titles. You've seen no intros. You've seen nothing. Yeah it like hard cuts to like, Mew and Mewtwo transitions into the scene with our with our familiar trainers. And then this like Pirate Bay I'd like shows up and he's like are you Ash Ketchum and Ashes like yeah, and he's like let's battle and this is extended battle sequence where they do this like rad song. Oh and it's like the film intro. It's like this banging Pokemon Theme remix I did not remember how good it is. It's so good the whole soundtrack for this fucking movie is so fucking good. This soundtrack is full of bangers Christina Aguilera Britney Spears in sync Bewitched Emma. Bunton. 98° vitamin C Billie Piper. Aaron Carter. Yeah, there's one pretty hard Miss towards the end of the film a track called brother my brother. Yeah, which did you see who who wrote that? No, blessed Union of Souls. Ha ha wait. Are you serious? Brother my brother blessed Union of Souls. Wow, when the Christina Aguilera track came on Bobby was like wandering around like obviously not trying to watch the film. He was like is that Christina Aguilera? And I was like, no. No, it's like obviously really not it's just some lady and she's got a good voice. We don't know who she is and then I looked it up and it's fucking Christina Aguilera. There's also a group called M2M which does a couple songs on this soundtrack and they're like a Norwegian grew like a little M2M myself. Oh, that's good. I get it. Yeah, great song and 2m song. Apparently, there are Norwegian pop group. They're still kicking it. They're still around. They're still having fun. I'm going to check out M2M probably on Spotify when I get home should anyway love this intro' love this like title sequence. It was classy. It makes it seem like it's going to be a very robust film with lots of exposition and it's not you're already you're already like 30% of the way through. Yeah, and we see a Fierro in the air. It's got like a camera. On its neck and then a mysterious figure in a base somewhere dispatches a Dragonite invites the group to a Pokemon battle. They make their way to Old Wharf City. Yeah, or they're going to take a ferry, but then we cut back to this mysterious base and we see a hand Rise Up from a chair. And whose hand is it who's disgusting like nubby little fingers ball hand is it but Mewtwo's and he whips up a storm with his psychic powers and The ferry is closed. And also while we're at this old Shore Worf we learned that Nurse Joy from the Pokemon Center has gone missing some weeks ago. It does a quick quick snap to the what looks like the Amazon rainforest and like Mew just like arises in a bubble from like the river. Well, she's in Guiana. I assume well, yeah, it confirms the Guiana thing and then it snaps back to the wharf officer Jenny's there. She's like none of you can go. Out now because the storm is too bad and then there's this woman whose name is apparently a Miranda who I've never she sells like Egyptian like profit. She sounds like a crazy person officer Channing. It's like it's raining pretty hard. It's the worst storm ever. No one can go and Moranis like know the prophets. Yeah the prophets warmth of a legendary storm that white is the wind of water a slut. What what are you talking about? The prophets have predicted? The return of the Winds of water for years. I have prayed that mankind would never release that deadly storm ever again and then understandably everyone's like, hey, fuck this. It's just fucking a storm and goes out in the storm with their Pokémon and tries to make it to New Island to this yet mysterious Invitational this frat bro, looking trainer. It's like all of this rapid so Misty and and Brock and Ash. Like well we can't get out there because our Pokemon are too weak and then these like Viking show up. Yeah, and they're like that looks fine. Obviously, some Vikings would be hanging out Misty's like do Vikings even exist anymore. And Ash says, yeah, and they all live in Minnesota and it's like what still existed It's like an NFL choke. There's very little dialogue in this movie in general. Yeah, I guess because they dubbed it into like Infinity languages, right? But that one joke is like so specific to not just America, but like a region of America what so one of the dove writers is from the Midwest. Yeah. Exactly. You ask most Americans to point on a map and point out Minnesota and most of them would get it wrong Americans. Oh, definitely. Yeah. Make their way towards new island with these Team Rocket disguised as Vikings no indication at all about why Team Rocket is doing this you've on to cross me. Vikings are used to be we get you to know I did faster than you can say farfegnugen. They always just want Pikachu. Oh, I didn't know that that's their game. Yeah, they want Pikachu. They think Pikachu's really good. They should just clone him. I think in this they were like, well if they're getting in the twerps are getting invited to this super-secret exclusive tournament. Everybody's going to have some bomb-ass Pokemon. We got to steal those. We have to follow them to get there. Well, they're both gates. Sized Misty and Brock and Ash are saved by Squirtle and star you. Did you register this horrible star? You sound know when it comes out know that it's like it's like I like that you like the starry us out at some point Pidgey Odo comes out of his ball and like flies Ash around for a moment and he it doesn't signature Pidgeotto Scream It's like there is lots of screaming finally it was it was warranted there. So they make their they finally get to New Island. Somehow Team Rocket gets there to in like for some reason Mew is with them now. Yeah, Mew is now suddenly wherever new island is which is presumably somewhere up the coast of Japan made it over from Guiana in just you know, just like that but also seems to have like a vested interest in Team Rocket like is specifically following Team Rocket around yeah. Fucking with them won't make itself known but like is following them around a handful of other trainers make it there's a trainer called Nisha. There's a trainer called Corey and then Josh. Yeah carefully view of the spirit those names down by the way, and then there's Fergus Fergus trainer Fergus. Let me tell you about trader Fergus, please do he he's a little bit belligerent. He's a little bit fun and he's a lottle bit all water Pokemon all the way down and Josh Touhou animation and for kids Productions will be hearing from mr. Squirts attorneys because this Pokemon trainer Fergus is very obviously modeled after mr. Squirt. Oh shit. I did notice that this is mr. Squirt couple of Pokémon are Same to most of the Pokemon are the same. Yeah, there was a Gyarados. There was a Tentacruel. There's a night arena even oh, yeah. Oh, I love that that this guy Fergus has no it Nidoqueen, which is hilarious because that is showing its cannon that Nidoqueen knows how to surf that's their thing right like, oh, it's a bunch of water Pokémon and then also Nidoqueen sure. Let's see. Here we go. I got the full lineup here Tentacruel the pouria. On Golduck Nidoqueen Sidra and Gyarados so mr. Squirt didn't have a Sidra. Mr. Spork didn't have an idol Queen obviously and mr. Squared to have a gold duck. But otherwise say same lineup and Fergus has a little bit of an attitude as well. It's got an attitude. He's got a mullet which I had something. I always pictured mr. Squirt having definitely, you know, this guy is going to be hearing from mr. Squirts attorneys. They modeled it on like a younger version of me. Sure squirt we can't spend 75 minutes recapping the 75-minute movie. So let's Jump Ahead a little bit. Nothing happens in this movie. Keep in mind nothing happens. It's revealed that the most powerful trainer in the world is Mewtwo and he comes down. It's me too and he's invited everyone because he wants their powerful Pokémon to raise his Pokemon Army who introduces him as this woman who just like is obviously Nurse Joy. She's got like a new get up, but everybody looks at her in like well, obviously that's fucking the nurse joy that everyone is trying to find Brock is so relentless. He horny like when they're at Old Wharf City. There's like a sign on the wall. That's like missing for weeks Nurse Joy and it's like most people who have been missing for four weeks or dead and Brock says like, uh, she's so hot. Yeah. I hope they find her because she's hot canceled and then he gets to New Island and he is like, oh I recognize that hottie from We're that's Nurse Joy. So I guess like in a way his sort of like thirstiness is has benefited him because he's like he instantly recognizes Nurse Joy. Yeah, because he's so horny for is Brock or a character like him still in the new series. I'd be curious because like his even me to do yet muted yeah. He was muted for sure. Yeah, Mewtwo is evil. He wants to control all Pokemon. He wants to know Arc the entire Earth. He wants to control humans. And then he wants to make clones of all the Pokemon and then replace the normal the regular Pokémon with the clone Pokemon because he's convinced that Clump Pokémon are super-powered. Yeah. He wants to kill all humans. Yeah, he's gonna flood the Earth with his massive storm except for New Island and only his clone survive. That's right. Yeah, exactly. That's his plan. Yeah. All right. But like Pikachu is like well, what about what should we could just says is pika pika pika pika what Mewtwo understands is what about us? We're Pokemon and what Mewtwo says in response to that is yeah, but your Pokémon who like associate with humans. So your filth, right? So you get drowned some kind of a metaphor there, but we're not going to figure it out. Meanwhile Team Rocket has made their way to New Island. They find this cloning chamber. Our meows accidentally clones itself Mewtwo and the trainer's battle for some reason. Well Ash does something like Saucy and then like Mewtwo brings out Charizard Blastoise and Venusaur which are clones and then like they all just get fucking roasted. The Ash's Pokemon turns out these clones are bare like definitely better and then Mewtwo releases the special balls which capture everything yet and he's got specialty balls. He's got a whole island to himself. Where's he getting all this financing by the way, we know from Nurse Joy that he can brainwash people. So he's probably like brainwashing like bang. Oh, he's just robbing banks are like VC funders. They'll sell it on department store. He's on Kickstarter and he's just like massively brainwashing people little Silph Co is a bunch of suckers. So certainly he got like John sylph brainwash them one. Apparently they have endless money. Yeah. So yeah, he's got tons of money and he's got tons of these special Pokeballs that can do anything. They can capture trained and own Pokemon. They can capture pokeballs with Pokemon in it. Because at some point everyone at the islands Pokémon are getting gobbled up by these balls and Ashes like well, they can't catch my Pokemon if they're in Pokeballs. Yeah wrong. They can't they just snap those up to the one Pokemon. They can't catch his Pikachu because he runs away and it turns out that that was the trick all along. Except when they do catch it because it keeps trying to zap the balls out of the air and runs out of juice. Yeah - jumps down a whole finds himself in the cloning facility fights a bunch of little arms. And that's where Jessie and James and Meowth are and they're doing their own. Like who's that Pokemon watching all the Pokemon get converted to clones which I thought was kind of meta and cute. It's Pikachu. I read an interesting tidbit about this. Yeah, so they're looking at a screen and they're seeing Pokemon Silhouettes come up and they're playing who's that Pokémon and they get several wrong. Did you notice that I didn't notice that might not be in the version we watched I read like a little like interesting bit of trivia. We're just like, oh, they must have cleaned that up. Yeah, they get the names wrong of a few of them. And apparently it was a translation error when the movie was coming out of Japanese into English. And instead of fixing it. They're like, well, honestly, Jessie and James would probably fuck it up. That's true. They're not very good at Pokemon. Let's just keep it the way it is and they kept it that way like they called likes either like bug hands or whatever, you know, like look ants the same as like when Donkey Kong was coming to the u.s. And it's supposed to be monkey kong obviously and then it gets mistranslated and Donkey Kong and then everyone is like too late we put her all the packages. So like ash goes back up to the main level with Pikachu and all the like Pokemon that he released that were being cloned. Yeah, and he's like, we're here try and stop us. Yeah, it's got this giant like Battlefield gym that Mewtwo has and he just shows up. Yeah, he's got a battlefield they fight. It's so dumb God this movie so bad. It's so dumb. You get no real battle in this whole fucking thing. It's the first movie and they don't give you like a dream. Real Gym battle. They just give you a bunch of Pokémon that like Mewtwo decided. He's just taking away all their abilities and he's like we're going to settle this like fisticuffs, which doesn't make any sense like they ought to just punch each other and scratch each other and it's also visually very boring because it's like ash in the foreground and in the background is like a looped animation of like three frames of like night o Queen like fighting another night out Queen it always looks laggy. Did you notice that? Yeah, they Be bothered to like up the budget to do like Smooth framed like animation where it's basically kind of like a flipbook. It sucks. And there's this whole there's the music playing under it by Soul Asylum or whoever the Blessed Union of Souls brother. My brother sad song when all the Pokemon are just like slapping each other slowly the shit out of ya. Oh, yeah and see rocket goes I think James is like I was prepared for trouble but not like this the movie gets so confusing at this point because two Pokemon are holding out from battling and it's Meowth and mouths clone. Yeah decide not to battle I think because they're Slightly more intelligent than the other Pokemon. Yeah, because me out the normal one can speak to the other one which headers very cute sound they decide not to fight and then the other Pokémon who decides not to fight is Ash's Pikachu who's fighting clone Pikachu but clone Pikachu is interested in fighting sort of because clone Pikachu's just holding regular Pikachu and just slapping it over and over again. Bee bee. Bee bee. Yeah just like gentle little slaps. Soooo, and Ash's Pikachu's just like taking it and here's where the message of the music the movie gets confusing Josh. Yeah, everyone decides that Peak that Pokémon battling is wrong. Yeah. Yeah, this just proves that fighting is wrong. But but it's like so the normal fighting that they're doing constantly is fine because that's this guy's that's this. That's what they're doing. It's just because they're punching and slapping each other. That's not fine. Like ice beaming and like thunder bolting each other as fine while this is all happening Mew decides to rear its cutie head this sweetie head and it starts fighting Mewtwo and their fight kind of goes wild. They're like out of the arena there would be popping all over the island. And while everyone is kind of realizing that battling is dumb and settling down even the Clones. Mew and Mewtwo burst back into the room and they're both preparing their ultimate attacks. Yeah, and they're just about to like shoot off on one another. It's like psybeam. I feel like or like Shadows its shadow ball and right as they're about to blast one. Another Ash jumps in the middle and turns to Metal He's like We can't fight like this like we gotta do I gotta do And then he just jumps into the middle of the psybeam in the Shadow Ball. And then yeah, he just gets turned into fucking Stone gets like turned into stone or metal or something to make any sense Pikachu starts like trying to zap him back to life. Oh, which jumping back for a second even affect him. He's stone that weird which Miranda earlier in the movie talking about the Eternal storm is like the only thing that can cure humans when they get caught in the Eternal storm as Pokemon tears. That's like--that's weirdo. Shit, man. I miss that line because I thought it was totally inexplicable. Now. She says that and at the time it's just like what what do you mean? Okay still talking about that stupid as hell so ashes Frozen he's like petrified Pikachu's crying and trying to bring him back to life and all the Pokemon in the room including the Clones begin crying accept their Tears Don't flow. They kind of float. Yeah and they float over to Ash and it's like Movie hey movie, you set me up for this earlier when the which was like Pokemon tears can cure Humanity, but it's still fucking weird. Yeah, it still makes absolutely no sense. And that prophecy is not part of any of the games. It's never referenced previously. You just made that up. Yeah. What is this? It's an obvious non sequitur and it's dumb to and it's the most obvious thing to do. It's like oh tears. Yeah, it sucks but it works man. It was bad. Ash comes back to life. I did as a kid though. Let me tell you. I like bald. My little eyes out. Did you yeah, I imagine. Well, of course Ash comes back to life Mewtwo says this a human sacrifice himself to save the world. I pitted them against each other but not until they set aside their differences. Did I see the true power they all shared deep inside. I see now that the circumstances volans I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant. It's what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are circumstances of one's burp. That's good. He decides to not be evil anymore and he decides to make amends with Mew and he decides that he and his clone Pokemon will live their lives. He has a lifetime of abuse and then like his best friend got killed everyone. He's ever known that he loved and trusted has been killed and this one act. He's like, okay, I'm good. Now, it's fine. Yeah, and he decides to wipe everyone's memory and or send them back in time and they wake up. Old Shore Wharf and it's the storm is brewing and they're like, you can't go out in the storm except maybe it's clearing up. And then Nurse Joy is back and she's like everyone can take shelter in the Pokémon Center if they want Rock makes one last misogynistic comment Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny a really great. They just keep getting more beautiful. Every time I see him. It's like cool it but like Mewtwo. How about you reset the part of a Brooks brain where he just objectify. as women and then the storm does clear up and they all walk outside and Ash see something in the the far distance and what is it mu and he says something about like seeing a legendary Pokemon when he was leaving Pallet Town to start his Adventure yeah what is he fucking Taco oh wait this is great this Loops all the way back to the beginning of the episode so in the pilot of the Pokemon anime as - sees this like glorious kind of bird flying around in the sky oh was it like Zapdos know it's hoo it's hoo hoo oh yeah ho ho didn't even exist back then they knew because the anime came out after they were already making gold and silver so they were pretty smart about this shit oh was there at the very beginning of it all oh oh sorry oh oh yeah yeah wow yes o meu is parallel to the hoo that - seeds the beginning of the adventure oh I should also say this there's one Gentoo Pokemon in this game and it's Togepi know there's to the pirate in the beginning has a donphan oh Don fanner really and miss that yeah they were teasing it a little bit Yeah Misty apparently has a Togepi yeah I remember the Togepi reveal in the anime series being like a big deal okay posting on all the hyper boards about that well I had a Togepi for a while and it's pretty shitty so good luck Misty or IP go Ganesh it's fucking shitty as Pokémon nesting box all right be resting box that I think that's it review I would share my review with Peter Bradshaw from the guardian on a Rotten Tomatoes yeah I would love to hear what the guardian had to say about Pokemon the first movie Peter Bradshaw said this film is humorless boring impenetrable and with animation of such staggeringly low quality that it constitutes it insult to cinema-goers of all ages yeah I agree it just occurred to me that you and I know a film critic we know a film critic who happens to be a huge Pokemon fan this is name Davidson winds from the Atlantic name is David Simms and he's the film critic at the Atlantic I'm curious to hear what his review of this film is yeah me too all right at David Simms here blank check host the Atlantic film critic extraordinary just wanted to weigh in on and put them on the first movie or Pokémon Mewtwo Strikes Back you know if you fancy very profound Cinema experience for me I remember to this day going to see it I was sitting at the Holloway Odeon with my friends my little 11 year old pumped up about you know seeing Pikachu do some cool new move you know I was 11 years old I was the most devoted Pokemon fan I was the most devoted movie fan my favorite two things were colliding into one Exquisite what 83 minute experience and so that was very exciting dramatically I will say it's maybe a little untidy at points for example I remember that the entire plot of the movie is just Pokemon fighting and beating the absolute shit out of each other until they basically collapse on the ground and then the moral of the story is that that we shouldn't fight so much I guess or they learn to not fight through all the fighting not sure if I remember anything else I guess don't you know create super-powered Pokemon right there's sort of a message of cloning is bad things like that so you know whatever whatever like it ain't Shakespeare but anyway it's Cinema and hey It's the best one. I think we agree with exactly what Davidson's had to say about this. Yeah, I loved what he had to say and I definitely heard it and enjoyed it Josh. That's it. That's the very brief leg of Pokemon Gold and Silver that we played this week and then the entirety of Pokemon the first movie which we watched this week to supplement our narrative Adventures. Do you have anything to say to me? I guess I would recommend everyone check out the soundtrack to Pokemon the first movie: Mewtwo Strikes Back Pokemon: the first movie It's funny because you said Pokemon the first movie and I thought that was funny and I was like that's funny and then you corrected yourself and still again said Pokemon the first movie Mewtwo always on the mind. So you're really you're really honed in any way. My name has been donphan. AKA Tanner Gran rang and I am joined as always by my co-host Joe Joe Joe Joe. Hosh ho Josh Josh AKA Josh felsted. This has been experienced share Pokemon podcast this week. We took on all of mine City next week. We're taking on a gym. We are going to Mahogany Town mahogany town and rage lake lake of Ridge Lake of Rage God's finally some fucking action. Until then please rate and view the show on Apple podcasts do whatever you do to interact with the show on Spotify and Stitcher and wherever I don't know, we're not here to answer those questions not I'm not privy to that stuff follow us on Twitter and Instagram at Exp share pod. See you next week Joshua and I'll see you next week, but catchers smell you later smell you later.