I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid swords from the jizya.Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm joined by an MC producer apparently pro skateboarder. I just learned this pro skateboarder the Mind behind ESF Master Builders, the Vice City villain, none other none other than Lord apoc apocalypse apoc, man.Is so how we doing? All is good man. Just chilling man. I don't appreciate that. Yeah, I would say I was a pro skateboarder years ago. Okay. I'm still up there still skate better than half of you motherfuckers. I still put the wheels to the turbine. Oh, yeah dodo, let's get into. I mean now I'm gonna honestly I want to delve into that but let's get into what got you into music the MC income first it producing come second. How did that one I'm seeing 10 first man when I when I was young but I've during the golden era in my teenage years during the mid 90s to so much dope Hip Hop was coming out man. I can't sit there and pick albums or tell you but just I was blown away by just the the whole movement and it just got to a point that I just started freestyling with the help of some blunts and stuff and some Brews of course, but just will be freestyling freestyling got to a point. As did it so much. I was like, well, maybe let me try writing it rhyme and then during that time I was like my first problem first try my role is probably like 17 and believe it or not. My next door neighbor had like a little recording studios. They all come over. Let's try this and he had some beats Mei was a dig at the beach too much but I just started rhyming with the homie there and just that was like my first taste of listening to myself being recorded and not in a narcissistic way, but it blew my mind. I was like, oh wow, this actually sounds pretty good. Okay, so I just kept going with it till till this day years later master master in the craft. Oh, yeah and whatnot. Yeah for sure. So dope. Do you remember the for you miss? That was the first time you actually sat down you started freestyling first wrote a rhyme and then you recorded with The Neighbor Next Door. Um, what was it? Like the first time you let somebody else hear it? Um, I mean, I thought it was dope man. It's all was all hype pushing it knowing so the reaction I guess I probably doing some suggestive thinking in there. But the reaction I got I was I was content with it and a lot of people that heard they were like, oh, this is dope man that just fueled the fire for me just to keep going man. Yeah, definitely So Dope some of the early influences. I know you mentioned the Golden Arrow. Of hip-hop here in a bunch of dope stuff at the time some of the early influences of I mean a lot of Wu-Tang for sure. Like when I first heard the 36 Chambers out on that just blew my mind because I was kind of different to like, you know me being in Miami you would hear like the 2 Live Crew the poison to live crawls like poison time was more hardcore street. So I bumped that a lot and also like, you know, the Eazy-E, I mean ice cube, then when that Wu-Tang came out with just different and so when I heard that it was just like the lyrics Content in the word play. It was just different during that time. And I guess the the gritty Lo-Fi underground boom bap Beats from there it just Took me away to just not another place and and I was blown away. I mean but also like Mobb Deep Big Al Harris one that that whole New York State of Mind Nas that whole Golden Era of hip-hop their man's like Tribe Called Quest. Yeah, just a lot of big influences of just just like heavy hidden Rhymes don't beats and yeah. Yeah, so you have your you do from that wave is very good, which is a good well to draw from you got Some of the best to do it there and especially at that point where they're at the Pinnacle of their game. So that's always a good moment to be in. When did you get into producing producing man? I don't have my brother Lord gamma what she's actually my younger brother. I just told him like he'll get a drum machine and figure it out. And that's and that's pretty much that's what happened for a long time man. Probably my first beat that I've made that I actually recorded was probably like like 10 years ago. Okay think it was the beat Fusion that I did or almost about 10 years ago. I can't be exact shirt, but it's around around there. But I mean there's a few beats I made but I didn't really wasn't feeling it. So even till this day I use that that method I could make 10 beats, but if I'm not really if I can't rhyme to it, it automatically gets disregarded and delete it and just go on to something once it's made then I feel it but my first beat that I made that I actually felt was off the song fusion on the It's a burner Lo-Fi Master album and I was pretty much I mean I'm saying ten years ago, but something like that maybe seven years ago something like that around that frame. I can't remember but after that I just started by and drum machines after drum machines and haven't stopped since I'm gonna take a step back and go back to your brother Lord gamma from the moment. You told them you're here. This is a drum machine. See what you're good at what you can do with it. How long did it take him for kind of like to pick up honestly a matter of days. As manly on our I mean, I remember this really there was no really no computer. So I have plugins or many connections. This was just straight. He figured out how to sample the sounds. I don't even know where you got the drum kits from but um, yeah, it's probably in like within two weeks. We had beats. Yeah, you know, it just kept going from to this day and then you already had the Rhymes in the chamber ready to go far and I record everything to little the Tascam for track tape play. Okay. I just bumped out fucking shitting tapes, man. It's crazy. Yeah, the Tascam that business that little blue one. So let's go into skateboarding something that happened before you started getting hip hop skateboarding was probably like I probably landed my first kickflipping like 1989 1990 and pretty much through all the 90s man. I just went hard at it and few pro skateboarders ice escape with as like everyday friends when I was a kid. I'm Not Really Gonna name. Drop her nothing, but gossip. I started getting better than them. So I was getting sponsored by like all the local spots and then I got like a hook up with them flow with them Santa Cruz and then H town and did that for a while and then I kind of just stopped and then the Hip Hop took over because I mean that was kind of the battle during that during not from like when I was a what from like 1992 like 97 and during that I started going towards more of the hip hop path, but I still Skated but I stopped putting all my energy and focus on the skateboard and started just letting music and Hip-Hop just take over. Yeah, you know, okay. Yeah dope dope skateboarding. I know skateboarding and music go hand in hand. It does especially these days now. Yeah, you know it and actually back then is it a lot too, you know, I mean, but during that a lot of skaters out hangover warm or Punk, but but shit, I was skating too fucking Wu Tang in like all the shit that influence me. Yeah, definitely. And speaking of hip-hop in skateboarding. Probably let's about 10 years ago. My homeboy rasool Allah, that's from Lost Children Babylon. That was with Jedi Mind Tricks. Like we were became pretty good friends on through the internet and he was like yo, bro. I'm in Miami. Can you get me some trees into the and like, you know, like I would always go to the phase of I was stopped skating for a few years and I would skate again. So then it got this was during the time I was skating again, so he actually came down to Miami, so I went to go meet him. I had a GK like hat I love haters. So I walked in and he's like, oh, that's my shit. And then I'm gonna do you mean that's my shit as I oh no, my cousin Steven Williams owns that company I was like, oh shit. So then I got hooked up with them and I was getting mad free shit for a while to DGK as well. So, I mean that's just how skateboarding and Hip-Hop pretty much our hand in hand. Yeah that blew my mind to there. I was like what the fuck's going on Spencer, you know it when you see you saying that reminds me takes me back to to me. I mean the closest thing I got this. Boarding actually skateboarding for me was it was something that I was like, I would always admire when the kids would do it and I was like man, I wish I could skateboard. I never owned a skateboard. I think by the time I got a skateboard it was like that wasn't even a thing anymore. Like I had told my parents. I want a skateboard and like most Hispanic families. I don't know. I like myself or it's like you get your gifts a year after you asked him. Yeah. Well don't you want a skateboard and I got that but I remember I recently remember getting into those big. Games and I would play the Tony Hawk's. Yeah, and then you'd come across where you had like, that's when that's when it started getting big man with a Tony Hawk Pro Skater came out. Oh man, that's exactly how a big time you're watching. You're playing these characters and you getting to know these characters these skaters. Okay and Chad Muska. Yeah, and I was like, oh and then also is like Muska beats. Yeah times and all that shit. Yeah, so it's crazy how it intertwines it both of Both Worlds kind of meet at a point and they intertwine and and then even the music that was played with in these videos, you know, yeah was intricate and it was definitely, you know a time frame for sure for sure. How long ago did you drop Vice City Village Vice City villain 2018 or two years ago? Okay two years ago to that album. That was the last project where you rhymed on you did a beat tape after that The Wonder Years was that before or after but other ones years? I that's actually my latest release. Okay, actually, yeah. Okay. I have so many albums man like Release independently, I might have the most I think I'm like that 54 more than 50 albums released. So I'm drunk. I normally would drop 50. I mean not 50 I will drop like five or six albums a year consecutively. I mean I got like four albums pretty much done now, but I'm just finishing up on one now. So I mean before 2020 is over. I'll probably have like another six releases under the belt man. That's for sure. But the vice vice city villain that was 2018. Okay, and that was a lot of beets that I the majority of 80% of the Beats on their I produced all of them and then the other couple beats gamma did but that was that was the whole thing behind that. There was like me actually rhyming on a lot of my Beats consecutively. Yeah, you know, so yeah. Yeah. It's a lot of work. That's a lot of work being put in. That's what I find myself burnt at the end of the deal. I'll go to sleep early wake up early or sometimes like for the last couple days man. I've been not putting in all nighters, but like till 3:00 in the morning than waking up going. To work. I mean it's just a cycle is like the energy I feel you know, like sometimes I'm like, I need to give the hip-hop stuff. Just give it a break for a little bit but I can't even help it. There's like some days. I'm like, I'm not going to record nothing today within two or three hours after that. I'm recorded four or five songs or made two or three beats. So, I mean, it's it's a contradiction. Yeah, it's 11 hate thinking about you and your body says one thing and it's just a lot of hard work. When it pays off it's even though it might become work, but it's not working with something that you love doing that I guess it's getting paid for it to plus that yeah, and what blows my mind to man my fuck I'm getting paid for this shit highs will keep doing it. Yeah. Is it a pot? Everything is oh the a pox everything show. If you haven't it was I mean, my father was pretty decent man. So I was like, you know, a lot of people would be asking me questions. I like subject matter and Rhymes I would talk about and like I know so I want to incorporate it with that. But also with just like a lot of things that go through my head. It could be it could be anything I can talk about from how I'm making a beat on the 404 and then I'm all of a sudden I'm talking about alien abductions. So, you know, that's why I say pox everything show. But um, I took a break for the last two weeks. I think it's been two weeks but next week, I'll have episode 5 out. I think yeah, okay, you know just my mind gets lost man. It's like Yeah, just one day I'm working on what I'm working on music a lot. Then certain things go on a hall. Like I have a whole list of things in my head. Yeah. I'm going to do a few more shows and I got to start filming more videos. So it's like doesn't end. Yeah, and then these things all put you in different directions. Yeah. No. No, it definitely definitely pulls me in different directions, man. And I mean you're using you touched on the fact that you can go from talking about how you you know, put something together on a beat machine to like some otherworldly. Yeah, that's means like I mean, I guess you could say that everything. Is connected in a sense? Yeah everything. I mean, I'm a firm believer that we are all connected whether you believe it or not man. I'm Law of Attraction for every action. There is a reaction and that's what and that's like the chain of the universe. We all have a Consciousness simultaneously in a world of what what is it six seven billion people they say and we're all connected experiencing things all living a life at the same time in the Universal aspect of a Consciousness or energy. That we're all connected to and I mean, I'm not going to get too deep into exhaust. I don't know where to go. But you know, but I believe it a lot of I'm not going to say strange things could because these things that I do believe in it's pretty much common sense. If you put one into together makes three, you know, it's just the things that we'd be told a lot. There's like, oh that's crazy. You can't do this. You can't do that. So the programming in the brainwashing starts at a very young age human being so and you said you mentioned strange and it's You think about is things are only strange and so you become accustomed to them. Yeah, the other factor that is no longer strange know for sure who sings strangers are strangers until you actually introduce yourself to someone in the net know that person is no longer a stranger. Yeah, that that makes that makes a whole world of sense Fitness Enthusiast. Yeah. I mean, like I said, it's on and off man. I'm give there's there's times I'll be I'll be at the gym every day for a year working out go run job five miles every other day bike ride 25 miles. Let's go skating get some cardio in and then it's like like a my downtime. I'm like just yeah trying to just focus gather my thoughts and be ready for this. Yeah, pretty much reboot and go for the thing but working out man or a healthy or being health conscious of certain things. I mean in the physical aspect of working out lifting weights and train and I've been doing that on and off for 20 years man, like like right now I might like 230 pounds, but I'll I rotate anywhere from 2 to 10 to 30 to 20. It also right now I'm like on the like a bear hibernating. Yeah, that's right now but eventually I'll be back running or training man, you know, as long as you keep moving man, not on anything else. It's normally just I don't know. I just give myself breaks man. Like yeah myself some time longer breaks in a needed and but it works out at the end. Yeah, they know the body knows rather. He knows when it's ready to go at it again. No, don't get me wrong like every day. I'm like, I need to go run. I need to go train I need to do this, but you know that I got to go to work and then after work, I'm like tired but I'm like I got to finish his music project do that or I got to film the show or I got to come up with ideas for a video. Alright or gotta be that you know, so yeah, it's hey, I'm getting pulled it all directions. But the thing is is just stay centered of course and just focus in get it done. You know one what is the most to say one step at a time one foot of the other something like that? Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, that'll get you. That's the thing and you I think you kind of mentioned it or you said it perfectly its movement. Yeah movement and if you find yourselves that even while you're at rest, there is a movement that goes on over there. And as long as you're moving you're taking those steps man, that's that's the way to do it. That's the really big anime fan. Who? Can you tell ya a little neglected? That we are recording. We are recording at the dojo of a popular and and I'm just kind of taking it all to Scenery all in and yeah, we're surrounded by anime figures. Yeah, man's and whatnot. Yeah, I'm a big anime fan. Okay, big comic book fan. Ponder thoughts, you know, like superheroes you like. I wonder yeah. Yes. Look, I'm just I guess I being a child at heart. It's okay growing up almost true, but I'm like what I tell a lot of people I'll give this to my kids eventually. Yeah, that's what I keep telling myself eventually get it for now. Yeah, I pretty much you know, guess the point where the where the wife man. She like I gotta like just don't even show up to this place it in the place. You don't even know no Lindsay. After that, probably a key role in like Fist of the North Star and 25 years later. I think or something like that. I'm still watching mad shit big fan of Dragon Ball Dragon Ball Z Dragon Ball super took me a while to get into it. But I mean towards the Goku black Saga I was like, oh this is fire. Okay, you know and then also a big fan of Berserk. All right. Um hardcore guts is the man. Hell. Yeah. I don't know if you know what I'm talking about. They did a series and they did they broke. It was three series then it turned into a movie and a few years back then they came out with the series then they stopped even with the manga they stopped but um, that shit is Hardcore man, like most realistic. You can relate to that one there. Really? Yeah. Okay fucking do you got to watch it? It's fucking hardcore music. For some reason. I felt like at some point where I was kind of going through when they still have video stores. Yeah. I mean even like the West Coast video blog post like West Coast Video because they had a more extensive catalog as far as anime and there was a while there was me and my homeboys it was like every Friday or you know, you know school and week whatever gets you handle your business. Then we go link up and just go grab a movie to me. And we and I have a feeling I want to say that result might have been in there. Yeah, and it was like I was this recent or what was this is 95 and okay. Yeah. So berserk Bruce went berserk came out. It was a slow Series. Yeah. I try to watch some shit that was probably boring. But I just I read some of the manga and I knew the store kind of behind it, but it gets to a point that it's just fucking insane. It's he's like in the middle Dark Ages and okay a lot of Sword fights. All right, but his thing is like he just carried a sword probably like 200 pounds or something got some point. He just he became his own master of fucking shit up. Well, like pretty much what got me with blew me away is the one episode that he pretty much had a fight a hundred. The fuckers killed them all started at night and see him there pretty much all fucked up by the die, but he killed the hundred motherfuckers what it was brutal was Hardcore band. That was like, you know what this motherfucker here is Hardcore spots, even though it's a cartoon that's animation. Some of that shit is can you can relate I can't imagine living in those times of history when it was the sword spoke live by the sword Die By The Sword. Yeah way more brutal than anything. I'm sure we can imagine living in today exact and that was a part. Of history that existed it's true. No blows my mind all that shit blows my mind and also gives me more of a narrative form or just creative just when I write Rhymes or just to I don't know. I don't know. I'm not going to say that I'm not weird but a lot of people like the same should I do to be surprised of the people? Yeah, but I'm just I'm always sometimes I'm always to myself for the most part. So I might lose my sense of reality amongst other motherfuckers or what's going on in the world, but I'm just It's my own little bubble. But you know, yeah, man, I think it's good for the Mind Body and Soul Man creativity animation wondering and just thinking out the box. I mean, yeah, we're energy. Yeah, the energy has to be used in one way or the other and I mean it's all about what you decide to do with it. So it's definitely a good place to put it you know for good and then you know that cultivates more good. No. Yeah, you know, I just saw like a renaissance man if it's art I'm there. Even you know, I'm there even with my graffiti day. That's still got my cans got arrested a few times spraying shit up. I still do whatever especially once I have a few brews man of downtown. I got my cat that ate, you know, so I mean just all aspects of hip-hop and art culture, you know, a lot of stuff when I was a kid. I mean, I don't think anybody really wants to grow up and you gotta grow up and be responsible. Of course, yes, but don't grow up and be that asshole teacher that I'll be in school like, oh wow. Wrong with this fucking person or that adult that just like a dick that is gave up on their childhood something. What I remember then a lot of people were dying to grow up fast, man. Look at him now, it's follow me. Yeah. Yeah, man, and it's and it's it's pretty everything's effective words are effective. So when you have someone who didn't who didn't kind of meet their own expectations there real quick to turn around and condemn. Yeah somebody and not knowing that you know, you really don't want anybody else to go through that but you put that in their head and then they are Yeah, find himself that you can keep perpetuating the same thing on exactly like a manifestation of thought. It's like what? Yes, you get what you give it even in thoughts. Yes, you know, you wouldn't possibly wake up every morning. I feel great even if you don't feel great, but you keep with that positive vibe and energy you'll get yourself on track. Yeah opposed to someone that's just negative. Aw. Fuck this death. That's how Justin always be because if you bring that into your reality right your life, correct, you know and when you're magnifying and you put in that you're putting that under the magnifying glass You tend to miss yeah, all those opportunities that you could have that were the positive ones or they could have turned that day around on for sure man. Hell yeah, I feel that I feel that one last thing before we wrap this one up one punch, man. Did you know there was a second season? Oh, I got a one-punch man, right there sighs mm. Mm. She's the one and two man bro. I just recently found out that who knew had the second season that's on there. My ass is waiting on Netflix. I'm sitting there like it wasn't that please gonna drop. No, man season. Yeah, man, Netflix was pretty dope for coming out. No, no, Cool, it was still coming out with that. I see ya there but like this this one here that I think they're going they did a lot more episodes. I think on this is like three episodes in and was it a lot more? Oh, no part one was probably a season one was probably like ten episodes or something like that. Yeah, and they've got it got really quick to the to the plot of the but this one here is there's a big plot behind. Yeah, it seems like the intricacies going on. Yeah. It doesn't end at the end of the season to get away for three - yeah, but that's good. That's how they get you. Yeah. Is it speaking of Hulu? How did you watch that the Wu-Tang American Saga? Yes. I did like that. Okay as a routing fan. Yeah, I have an appreciation for say let's see. That's what I was that's a lot of people to as a Wu-Tang fan for me to see now 25 26 years later after the first album that they actually have a show and it's um, bring the culture even get behind some time with a couple big bang out so beautifully adapted shit, you know, but then after that you were saying so I have an appreciation for For it. There's definitely moments cinematically. Yeah, I was like, ah, so, you know, um, I think that the the magic of that that's that show that series is the Little Gems that are hidden throughout the episodes. We're coming up in the air over Wu-Tang was the it was doing and they were at their height, you know, every you found out everything about it, but there's still other things that underlying that maybe the documentary that Showtime didn't cover like was made Lacrosse team spoiler. I don't have anybody. Yeah, but was he really in Lacrosse team? You know that there was friction between the members was it serious as what you have? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah the way they had it there was like how could someone ever be like best of friends during the conflicts like that? Well, if that was my situation were life. No, yeah, there will never be a Raekwon and Ghostface and nothing you don't need but also, I think I do remember reading that they did say that you know, it's it's fictional as well there. Putting some stuff in there but it is fictional as well too. And the other thing I mean, it's don't like I said as a fan of Wu-Tang that they actually have that out there. I mean, yeah, that's dope. That's awesome. I'm down with it a hundred percent some of the actors that portrayed certain things. I mean I did it feel it. Yeah. I mean, I mean the dude that played the Rhythm was played in pretty good, but I fully didn't embody. The Risen it after is a Davies. I think that Method Man pretty good for the most part the kid that played old dirty bastard was good. Yes. Oh, dude. Kind of played the jizya was good. Yeah, dude that played Raekwon was good as acting but like for the visual and just didn't connect to it kind of throws long, but honestly my fan of fucking love that show so far as ghosts not Ghostface got ya his character. I thought was like, yeah, it actually kept me watching it. I believe it or not yet. Well, they then drove by the episodes. I don't see where he was coming from. So like I mean if that's how it is, he people pay the major part man. Yeah, but he was though his character was know that I've actually kept me like all right, I fuck with ghosts ghosts have you if I didn't love him already? Definitely a dope series. I can see where it's coming series to yeah, they they signed up for that. So that's coming off. No doubt man. Joey Badass says, yeah. You said like I said, it's dope where they cover the cover these points where you found out about it as you were, you know, you were listening to their music and then think about the younger kids that have no idea. Yeah, so that's dope to it's actually really perfect marketing believe it or not too busy. There's going to be just how I like to show there's going to be people that that you know, like these are a lot of younger kids that were all about the Golden Arrow boom-bap hip-hop colada. I'm not gonna say I'll music Now sucks. It doesn't. Yeah, but you know when it comes to the Hip Hop, I guess, you know time changes in the musical Les so I give it that aspect. But there's younger kids rooms like oh, let me check this out. Yes what this old and I knew for I can guarantee that show brought them more younger audience of fans. Yeah, you know show and open their eyes to the Wu-Tang culture man, and then went back and did the homework if they really wanted to they go back and study. I know some of those kids got their minds blown when they actually heard some of that show. Yeah. Yeah, it's funny. I mean it's it's it came out of the perfect time for me because that was right around the same time where your of that age where you're kind of coming into adulthood. Yeah, but you have that that that that energy and you know, the frustrations, you know school and your parents are always getting so that the soundtrack fit like you're like, oh, yes, this is some rough shit that you know, I can really literally well when that 36 Chambers came out that should really blew my fucking mind. What I was listening to before just wasn't and not really the Kung Fu thing behind. I mean that was cool to yeah, but I mean just the lyrics the wordplay was like it was it was ahead of its time and I that was like some intricate wordplay rhyme turns that was and then my mother fuckers all together, I'll Voltron. Yeah rap group called the fuck's going crazy. Don't fuck with me. We're gonna get into the next segment. That's where we discuss beers. So we're gonna do a little sampling. So, you know, what it is is bruised beats and he's the podcast too much to drink. without flossing that bling bling at the pulpit the buds picture of Yuengling Bruce bees at least the podcast. Yes. Yes. We have reached the Bruce portion. This is the portion where I typically have my guests sample for beers. They give me their thoughts. We share old beer memories we talk about the beers that they've you're drinking nowadays everything beer heavy this time around this time around. I got a guest who's very well-versed and beers. He's been doing this for a minute drinking beers as far as you know, there are different from your usual suspects like your Coronas your Bud Lights your mikulov and whatnot. It's going to be interesting here. I'm really looking forward to getting started on these beers. I did mention earlier to him off mic that I know he's an IPA fan. And the first thing I realized I did was not bring a damn IPA. But but that just gives us recently get together with another time after that and drink get into ipas. Um, so a pot. This is what we do. Like I said four beers we go from left to right and we give each one a sample. I'll give the the listeners a little cup. Apple notes on each one and then you give me your thoughts on it. All right, let's start. Let's go with the first one. That's all the way to your left. It's this is a Broski ciderworks. It's a passion fruit cider brewed here in Florida and it clocks in at a 4.5 ABV give that one a taste. Let me know. Almost tastes like a bubbly like a champagne taste to okay. Definitely I can taste the passion fruit kind of like apricotty. Yeah. Do I like it? I mean, it's not bad. I just feel this probably more like for the Wi-Fi more like a girl woman drink. Okay, but it's not bad, but it's not my thing. Yeah, but I'll take another sip. There you go. It's not bad. Not bad, but not my thing. Okay, cool. Cool early beer memories. I know you discussed it a little bit need that you mentioned that earlier a little bit, you know coming up part of being being influenced by hip hop and just that, you know the culture you grew up and you find yourself. Gravitating to you know, your oldies and whatnot. You remember the first time you had a beer. Oh, yeah, I actually wasn't wasn't bureaus. My dad's wine. Oh, okay. He had some wine. I remember I just grabbed the bottle. I was like 14. I think it me and gambling and drinking and then before, you know it we were drunk but it was like I was like a cracked out drunk or something. Like we're just running around high for laughing at everything. Yeah. My dad walked by would be like laughter cracking up on them. They what's wrong with y'all but it was it was like, I don't know we were drunk drunk kids. Yeah. And then the next day I felt like shit, so I didn't drink again for a long time. Did they ever catch on to the fact that you that yeah, I was throwing back that wine or I don't know. Yeah, because I mean eventually was like, where's my bottle of wine? But um, oh man, I was I remember I was that was literally my first time getting drunk for my dad every now and then I was a kid that doesn't happen with kids these days. I don't know the rather I guess sucking their moms teex. Yeah, but you know my dad but you know, I've been when I was like a little kid I can Smite their drinking to be like you Me get a sip of that. He's like go ahead and have a little sip a little taste. You know, I remember that. I don't know if you've ever dealt with that. Yeah. Oh, yeah, that's that's not real is like the pops will share a beer a little loose it with his son. Yeah. It's a family outing everybody say there's somebody I guess I got it from that, you know, but um with the with the hip hop and the the drinking man, like, you know blunt hand of OE court and the other hand and that went on for years man Heineken the tallboy Heineken. Yeah, excuse me, and so on. But um, yeah just literally every song I Would record be a broom Joey most likely blunt and recording freak mostly freestyle and freestyle freestyle. And yeah and for a while, I mean, I was born before I knew the the wide variety of the wonderful world of craft beers. I was mostly just a Heineken do for a while. Yeah, maybe against every now and then but then when I left for 2007 I moved to Chicago was doing Music after when I met outman John them with forms of master-builders, but I remember I got my apartment and I was cleaning it out and I was like yo yo, yo, bring me bring me something to drink bro, bring me and he brought me some Sierra Nevada Pale elves. Nothing. What the fuck is this and I just drank some of it and it was real citrusy put had a strong like you had a kick to it. Yeah, but I did enjoy it. So by the time I was on my second one, I'm over here cleaning. I'm like, oh shit. I'm fucking buzz and I realized you know, what a six-pack I was good, too. Ooh go yeah, you know like other beers like be watered down almost in your drink, right and it's like correct. But yeah, and then my you're drinking to get to that point. Oh, yeah pissin in this and I'm not even drunk two or three ipas, and I'm good to go. Yeah, and I mean and then since then, I mean I have had regular beer every now and then but for the most part 12 years 13 years later man, I'm ipas all day man. I paid a lot of my which means India politically, correct. That's my shit dope dope. Let's see what this next. Does to you this is a Cigar City Brewings Maduro. It's their English brown ale it clocks in at a 5.5. Whenever you're ready. You can fire that and I've definitely heard of this company. Okay, Carlos highlight. They make highlight the s yes highlight is actually one of my okay. I like highlight. I'm a doodle like this is like bananas plantains. Yeah. It has that's what I go to I like my little like that's what the meantime. Let's try it dries. You can see this if there's any plantain over brings plantain to the Has more bigger house like a consistent chocolatey taste to it. Okay? I can almost remind me of a Newcastle maybe look a little bit a lot but the similarity there in the Aromas. This one's good. Not too big on the aftertaste. Okay, but um It's not bad. I like this better than the passion formation from sighs. Yeah, this is I like to spell this for sure. This one's good. All right, such a kago got you into IPA. Yeah, man. I was like years ahead of the IPA game when I came back to here. I'm like yo, let me get a sedative had a parallel. What's that? Yeah me get a lot Bonitas. What's that? Yeah or action was big out. There was the Arrogant Bastard else. Okay, good pounds down. I get excited when I talk about that kind of so this all this here is great. I'm just like looking at there should be a lot more beer, but it is what it is. But yeah, if I didn't if I didn't decide to do three other segments, we could have just started. I hear it talked about beer. It would have been bruised heavily real for real. The third one we're going to get into is from The Av Brewing Avery Brewing Company. This is their right Rascal. It's a Belgian witbier clocks in at a five point six percent and its route out of, Colorado. Give that one a shot. That doesn't rhyme and try there we go. Yes. This one here. Have a distinct taste to it. I can't kind of like fig. I mean maybe a little citrusy, okay? Kind of on the light side for me. All right. Oh, yeah, Colorado price to stick to the marijuana. I'm just I'm just talking shit this one. I mean if I had to drink it, I guess I would but with all the options out there. Yeah. This one's not for me. Okay, Cigar City. I like that one overall so far. Okay. I tried a little at the last two three. That's three. Okay. Yeah. This one is a it's like it has it has like that almost like it's like almost more closer to beer. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. It's a Belgian with Here, it's typically they have wit beers, and then they have belgians and this seems like it's a hybrid of the two. So it's a lot it's two different things happening at once so I can see where you know, most people be taken back by it. I'm a big Belgian fan and I don't mind what beers I tried that one for the first time today and I dug it was more of my palate and but then again, I'm not a big eye-dea fan ipas for me life. It looks like the like a kick like it has a kick has a strong taste to it. I don't know I mean I mean, it's my preference. Yeah it your padlet your palate is more accustomed to it. It's something that it's pleasurable for your palate. That's what I meant to say. Yeah IPS for me. I there's some that I like they don't stick with which I feel is do you like? Okay the Hops accused shooter therapist helped secure upslope Brewing has one called white tie IPA. That was really good. There's wolves the other one. Is it the Immigrant integration? Horatio, I think it's Lauderdale's immigration is a good IPA. There was one I had a Visa Sue and I'm trying remember which one it was. It wasn't like Molly yet by was another one. That was it. Oh it is it's actually crazy enough but one of the things I don't like about ICP Aces the heavy Citrus and that kick on the back end of a sister has one called Don't IPA and for me not liking grapefruit. Like that's actually I was pleasantly surprised by that one like That one I could order I'll order that one when I go there for the ipas on what is it sculpting? Have you heard that sculpted? Yeah, this point the balance point scoping the the great flood IPA that one there's actually for me amazing. But what I've been actually drinking a lot recently and for like the last couple months would be I believe it's summer Zale or All Day IPA my Founders. Okay, that's actually for me. That's actually really it's like a maybe a 5.5 really mellow but still strong like after a long day at work a nice cold one. I mean you drink. Of them will be nice, but it doesn't you can pound one and not you can still function. Yeah, it doesn't put you in a spot where you're like serve your like. I I'm good. That's pretty good. That one there for me or the other one. They make actually that one. There's a double IPA. I think it's like 7.6. Maybe is the Centennial of I found out that one there like a long night of from recording music. I started eventually transition to the stronger ones. Yeah. Well, you know it now I'm done. Yeah. The projects under along with these beers that I just had this is from the Big Storm Brewing Company. It's their oats in Ho's boats and ho's boats and ho's yeah. Oh no, that's it folks and just the name alone. I think I'm like this. Marketing step though for sure. There's your it touches the you know, the the Will Ferrell fan of the stepbrothers selves and they caught my attention. I was like, I gotta bring that in I have somebody try it. So yeah, go ahead. That's their English Oatmeal Stout. This one rocked like a clock saying is the highest when I have on this flight here at 6.5 percent also brewed in Florida. Let me know what you think of that one. Here we go. Yes. This one's actually this is the best one not because of the name but it helps like that and believe it or not. It's actually it's it's for the alcohol content is 6.5. You know, I actually haven't had this summer so before so for the content of alcohol that has its doesn't taste as harsh as you would think it'd be okay just for me. It's actually it's go smooth. And actually I've transitioned. I mean, I'm on and off vegan vegetarian. Oh God, I don't drink them cows milk, and I was doing almond milk for a while, but I actually recently switched over to oat milk, okay? Okay, so this here Yap are good to go. It's not bad. But Imma give me like a Guinness feeling to it. Yeah, but a little more gonna get it though. Yeah, it's a little more common Like This little light right there. Yeah, but this one's not bad. Okay, two or three of these I'll be good. Yeah. Sorry for the dead are I went in for a second sip at the same time. So that up. It's my first time trying this one. This is pretty good. This is pretty good. I like the fact that a lot of times when you go towards the oak beers or the old Stouts. There's always a risk of being too sweet because they charge you like the oatmeal cookie. Yeah, or will the chocolate for the chocolate taste, which is I mean, most of these beers that I even the ones that I don't go back to like, I appreciate them. I can have one of them, but it's not Then what like you said? Well, you can sit there and have one after the other if they're too sweet. I'm a big fan of ciders that was early on when I got into craft beers. I kept gravitating towards ciders and but again, it was something where as you know, one or two beers and there's the whole sample. Yeah, that's actually good that goes to show that you know, I realize I'm like, yeah, I could drink sided but I can't drink ciders like that, you know, two three of them and I'm like, I'm good at you know over a span of a couple of hours, but but yeah, definitely this is some pretty good beer here. That was something I wanted to say. Yeah. Yeah, um, I actually when I was in Chicago, I recorded the song off the album. I mean not that I record a song on the album on the Federation called the impeller which would go back towards me sippin like ipas. Yeah, you know, so this is like I mean out and I've represented it harder on me like for a probably like a good two or three years. I would always be do I mean I still do it now, but I was always be going ipas in my Rhymes you'll be able to put on some L sipping on the IPA. Yeah ever but um, and I push it hard even a lot of people are like, you know, what is this? You're drinking a lot of like cows not thousands. I've a lot of people, excuse me. A lot of people be like yo, what's that stuff you're trying and they're like Sierra Nevada or fuck. I love this shit. This is great. Yeah and like probably like a year or two ago that you know, what cause you know, I like to invest my money and try to like come up with businesses. I actually for one point that about coming out with like my own IPA. Okay, like wondering like if I can just go to a manufacturer that I want to IPA and this put my label on it and I was out of line. I don't know how I got there but somewhere in Europe We're actually my family's is pretty good. There is an IPA called apocalypse IPA. Well, and the thing about it is like it's spelled apocalypse how I spelled apocalypse way. I spell apocalypse is like different to like the regular Pockets. So when I seen that polygonal spend all day, oh shit, that's somewhat like a chump, but I so you can look it up Google apocalypse APA kely PSE IPA exactly how I spell it. Well my mixing in there and I was like, what the fuck is this? Great - so I was like This is crazy. So, I mean, I wonder what did they hear my music or see these videos we provide PA like we're gonna make an apocalypse, but you know, you know man, I'm hoping that's what happened. Yeah, you're just a big coincidence, which is all good. Yeah. No. No sir. That was fucking dough, but I did for a while and I think about every now and then like I really did was I swear I've been thinking about like trying to come up with my own Brew. Okay, you know, yeah, and I wonder how how does that work? You have to laugh to have a whole Brewery or I can actually go to these companies and be like yo make my My shit. Yeah, they make it for me. I just let my labels on it. I'm assuming that's probably how it will work. Yeah, you could do that as well. I mean because there's a lot of well now it's a lot like run the jewels. They've worked in conjunction with several breweries down here Jay Wakefield did a beer a beer for them years ago and they've done they've done work with several people. They've got there. Was it Panther like a panther is one of the beers that they put out and I have yet to taste more like I've always been late on the fact that that they would put These beers about time. I got I got wind of it I try to put up and get one of the yeah, we're all gone. You know, it's like one of the that's one thing about like manhood man manhood masculinity beer and not even just feminine this them to and all that but sipping a nice cold beer nice IP after work. That's just like a man thing or just everyone think yeah, you know. Yeah, but it goes hand-in-hand especially as an artist or a person that's just a people might be like, oh, he's the music. He's a park has some fans who this and That whatever he might whatever I'm just a normal fucking person like everyone else today a lot of people tend to not think that but I'm just normal as everyone else exactly. You know, like also like I looked out for some people before like a do a big fan of mine was homeless have the DSF tattoo on him. He was like taking pictures and he lived in Texas. He was a cure. I have no food to eat but people are throwing some good shit in the garbage, but I least I got some a pocket ESF to bump got to a point. I was like, you know, what did I had this when I had the warehouse in? Would I was like, you know what I need someone like that income for women to care of them and everything but I but I guess because that level he does like I mean it's weird for me to say this but like this well that idolize me now. I mean, I'm grateful for it. But like when someone that doesn't know you just thinks you're the person you are that your new music things wants are really quick. Yeah at the end of the day when sorry really quick and I learned something just gotta let people be a let things be the way they are not I mean help people out situations, right? Right, but like just be aware of certain things. Like I learned a lesson like see people look at me that that know me do my music or the fans of my music and they might think I'm one way but what I'm just a normal person. Yes. Well that was like, you know, you make Superman in real life, but he's a fucking normal human being is just an actor. Yeah. Yeah, you know exactly the music is it's not making movies. It's beyond that can because it is my mind body. It's my all energy going into it, but just something I don't even know how I got That subject but yeah, but I've got to be touching on the point of having the opportunity to bother your own beer. Yeah, and and or brewing your own beer and and you know, I lost the chance. I don't blame it on the old San Jose man. Yeah, I'm gonna have another shipment. You got the whole can so with that. Okay, so I'm gonna automatically say Olsen hose is your number one oats and holds it holds the first one Big Storm Brewing Company the number two would you say Is the Maduro that's a brown ale Okay, the third one would be the passion fruits and then forth with the be the Belgian with a Belgian witbier. Yes, bro apoc. You did it man. You made it through your still sampling. This one here that laughs. This is Bruce Beats & Eats a pox at through the four beers. He tasted of me give you his opinion on them. Let's get into the next segment where we discuss beats music and all that good stuff. Yes, sir. Rock beats beats did Rockin beat beat beat? Back at it a pot got through the beers gave us a start on the beers. We got to know a poc in the first segment. And now we're gonna get into music. We're gonna talk music. What a POC is listening to nowadays and we were going to go back and talk about more of his adventures in music. Um real quick a pot before we get into your history with music what's on your playlist nowadays? Honestly, my playlist more just a lot of probably like J dilla radio Man live radio and just whatever other producers are on their other rappers are on there. Okay, that's what I bump but honestly these days I found myself just bumping a lot of beets. Okay, even when it comes to my music, I liked I do the engineering I do everything gets to a point. Like I've heard it so many times. I don't want to hear it no more. Yeah, but it's the beats the Beats. I always have the beats the new scheme drum patterns and I try to get new ideas and ya know I learned from other artists as well. Yeah, but I find myself. Always listening to beat two beasts to be no J dilla radio on Pandora Ross is G Spotify. All right Peter ochs. Gee, that's right, you know a lot of dough a lot of dough producer so much dope music out there man that I can't even come up with all the names. But if it's dope, I'm listening to give it a shot. You instrumentals know you mentioned you mentioned J. Dilla radio mention beats, actually the where I met you. Was that the Dillard AI technique, right? Yeah, and you are you as well as is dries and still someone else do I know? I caught you and drives and you gotta look how to beat showcase going on and that was pretty dull one. That was pretty dope though. I give you props. That was actually my first piece set man that I actually did with the 404. Okay. I thought I thought to myself I bring like an MPC but then the loading in the programming takes too long for the time frame that they gave us. Okay. So what the 404 I just load all that. You know when you hear a beach that's something I'm gonna have to go there but the samples and like finger-banging and like put a whole big production process. Like with the time that I have the 404 works better. Yeah, just put my Beats load it up and just go on and just like it's like a little her back a little tip 15-minute be said beat tape like a sound like reward. Yeah, that was really fun, man. And I killed that shit too. That's what you feel good about the that was no April tight tight. All right, so that lets bounce back with so many projects projects in the stash. You you toward you went overseas and toward you've you been in here in South Florida. You welcome many MCS. You mentioned did some work with Killah Priest. Yeah song will kill the priest rolls around the Dome and I actually met him when I met GZA on the bait a baby grand tour in Chicago and we connected then and then eventually when he came to Miami I ended up being his hype man for a few shows out here in Florida and one show I think it was IO Lounge that I did. Okay, but I was so fucking drunk. I remember doing that and I remember they left me and kill the priests and I'm a they left us in the bar alone. I went behind the bar like grab the bottle of over rum. What is it the overproof more than 150 151. I got 151 and I put that shit in my pocket and like stuck with my pants and walked out the killer pushed my you look what I got nigger apart pull the bottle out and the promoter was right there. Oh, yeah Dirty Bastard. Oh shit, so I apologize. Gently put it back in that was that was that was always wild but all but believe it or not fucking great memory. Yeah. Yeah. That was dope. Yeah. I have a large red that brings back memories. I think what I see out there IO Lounge, I think I see Thurston Howell III o Lounge. I see Sean Price out there rest in peace your prize. Okay. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I miss Shan price. I saw Sean Price up in Fort Lauderdale Revolution years ago. Oh Masta Ace master. see you tomorrow lost oh really okay good shit going out there for a while yeah is that still around even think that's arising it's around now but I forgot I think it's called 13 something 1301 I'm not sure but it's not the same but the club the the physical structures there but they change it around yeah yeah that should brings back memories oh shit first time I saw a little brother was that the I/O Lounge yeah yeah little brother man with the fucking 9th Wonder behind ya well good music that's it for real for real a lot of people say that that's what kind of restored their faith in hip hop around that time because yeah definitely for sure it's mostly for people coming up from the same area that we came up and you know that was kind of like a breath of fresh air because you know from there all the mainstream stuff that was playing the to the in the web drama around 2005 that's when I got into like a lot of the Adult Swim shit and I'm sure to hearing like the J dilla yeah then I got heard MF Doom for the first time didn't know it was due from KMD yeah as f of x so when I when I heard MF Doom on like this niggas a bitch and he had like fucking already like fifteen albums already by the time I heard that I wouldn't bought all of them shits yeah so that actually gave me the idea to of the why I really so much projects because of let's say I have one you're like who's this motherfucker here and then I have all this other shit if you're a true fan a True Believer you going to grab all that shit or at least downloaded illegally or whatever listen to it you know so that was one of my things that because I blew my mind he was around for a while yeah that was just stuck in my fucking bubble and I was like who does dude amazing so I started the grabbed all his shit and I started recording I was like you know what let me just go at it there's going to be no set date I release an album you might get enough notification tomorrow a pop just released a new album yeah and that's how I go like you know sometimes I'll promote it and put put on What marketing behind it but you know, it pays for itself regard. Once it's already released it is what it is. And when you have people that dig the music the way they did give music The People themselves are the marketers. Yeah like that one person that is hip enough to know to follow you on a music streaming service and they get that message that notification comes through they'll trust they're going to turn around and they're gonna be like the next three or four people let them know that it's out there. That's one good thing about the internet man. I just gonna say, you know, it's it's good and bad, you know, Because being an independent artist, it's a perfect way to promote your shit and you could do it with no budget at all. You have an internet computer decent music to come out with and when I say decent proper sound quality recording, okay, you know people like all type of shit, so it doesn't matter just if you have your medium or your or your sufficiency to actually create projects and get it out. Somebody will listen whether it's good or bad. Yeah, mine are not good because I might not like it but I do respect the fact that any artist that puts in the time in the hard work to actually create. Eject, yeah, it's it takes a lot man. Yeah and lines the confidence to do it. Yes. Now there's no I would say that there's a thin line because I know there's some people that are overly confident. Yeah that needs a little more work on their craft. Yes, and I think if you go into it with too much confidence, it kind of hinders your growth because you might find yourself in a spot where like I don't need to do anymore. Yeah, but there is always an evolution which brings you back to where I'm gonna make earlier. You said you said MF Doom and then you mentioned Sean Price with your two people that evolved. Yeah. Thank you. From Zeppelin got better with time. Yeah time. That's the that there is no age limit on hip hop and the funny thing for me is people like, oh once you reach a certain age, you shouldn't be rapping no more, but I think it's almost like a stereotyping because you got all these Rock and Roll Legends in their fucking eggs that sell out millions of shows. They have pants till they people don't want to see him. Yeah, you know and the same with hip-hop doesn't matter what age you are. You could be 19 rapping 15 rapping, you know, but if that's what you're gonna Good at doing and that's what you love doing. Keep doing. It. Don't stop do it forever. Look at Karis one. Yeah, you know if it does if you're true to the art true to yourself, you're gonna do it forever. I'll be doing this forever. Yeah, that's for sure and that'll separate that a separate those who are just in it for either a paycheck or or using it as a stepping stone, which I see a license. Yeah a lot nowadays with the young cats where they're not even really really interested in the occult in the culture not or the art of rap. That's it. I don't even want this shit. Susan yeah, that blows my mind dude. It's bugged the internet. Like I said you love I love it and hate it gives people a mediums with no fucking people with no Talent gives them a fan base. That's just crazy. There's some people that are not talented at all with millions of followers and people would real talent that you'll never probably hear ya hear about ever. Yeah sad, but it's the way it is. That's the way it is and that's you know, anytime. It's the good and the bad the gift and the curse and it definitely definitely I remember man Taking my shit to the radio stations getting props in the street foot soldier footwork. No, I mean so yeah, that's yeah that's gone. That's that's what I mean. I was there to do it. So that was a good experience. Yeah with the internet man. If it's a technique behind it, man, if if you got the the time and the patience to figure out a way that you know that that gimmick or whatever the fuck some people use go. Go for it man. Do what you gotta do. No. No, let's get into one of your songs. One of the ones that I've gravitated to. We're gonna let the fans hear it and then we'll come back and talk about it on the other side. You down user must be so nice. Let's get into this Lord apoc track and we'll get back and we'll hear from the man himself the creative process it took to get into it the writing and all that other stuff. So stick around we'll be back. A flower back reverse and stealth my lack is X over some mental health ultimate task regress all past lives that God is alive and well psf. Shall Prevail Loring Park for what anime? Lord Kelvin intro blue cards here today to Mark. The said stratum was so much garbage for sale. This can't be real but it is open your third eye kids Fifth Dimension serious pills lesson to learn Gotta Fight to live luxuriously Bangles from Magnus disposal wackness like Angus in the flame one single thought to evolve to rise above the Flames Life Changes people from so many things has metamorphosed metaphors. I do this for the poor that cannot afford a pillow sleeping on the floor to you my friend I get more scores never settle. Just walking through Tori. Once again. This is the beginning to my never end the storm night me get the shower you're dancing through the night and the light shines bright, but the other flame that's Eternal Soul fire Eternal Soul fire Eternal Soul fire back in the shine when you're dancing through the night. Then the light shines bright with the in the flame. That's Eternal Soul fire Eternal Soul fire Eternal Soul fire the fire fist emotion switch up to manses fist before contact crack Alma deliver. The comma deserve destroy the eagle of evil herbes Master Commander extraordinary nerd we got like wordplay a thousand years in the blink of an eye best believe what I say forever. We'll be doing this rapid ESF, even when my hair turns gray tile medulla today tomorrow yesterday, but focus on the now sell my face get obliterated pure raw power Oneness. It's okay. I normally intimidate everyone unintentionally energy radiates costly elevation gradual Evolution to under control where the flooding you The darkness resides in between some minds of man for our and more did an expose his cold water reptilians and swollen is cold-blooded reptilian night begins to shine when you're dancing through the night, but in the light shines bright, but the end up playing that's Eternal Soul fire Eternal Soul fire Eternal Soul fire. Let me get the shine while you're dancing through the night the in the light shines bright, but the in the flame that's Eternal Soul fire Patron. So fire Eternal Soul fire. fire Yo, yo the name of that track was night begins to shine when you danced through the night. I think that's the name of it. Well, that's it, which I'm sure it is and that's off the Vice City Vice City villain album and that beat there was pretty much made by me and Gamma more gamma, but I had to do all the rearranging in the structuring behind it. And yeah man, the Beat Speaks For Itself gives me kind of like that. Anime Phil and I think that's the title. The title of the song is actually the title of the beat. So I just stuck to that. Okay, so that there but when I wrote it man definitely a few ipas were down and once I start writing man, it's like it's like pulling words together pulling thought process schemes and yeah before you know what the song was done and it's actually really good sign actually did a video to that which I will give you the link for that video. Yeah for sure. But yeah, man that song There it just it just came out perfect. Man's like, you know something like sometimes when I'm making beats freaking out the drum pattern just automatically goes with that sample. What I'm going to do that much work. It just work came together. So that song it just came perfect. Not too much time. Not too much. Well there was effort but it was it was easy easy going. Yeah. It wasn't a rigorous task wasn't going wasn't it just came Pete just ABCD and again connected and it was done, duh. And yeah, the Lord gamma turn around be like yo, you gotta hear this one. Like how does that go between y'all when he when he put something together. He cook something up. How does he approach you about? Yo, honestly there really is. No approach. I'm just like yo, bro. Send me a shitload of beat. Okay, he'll send me some fucking peace and I'll go through the ones I like and like that ratio there to man. Like, like I said, I might like something that you might not like so he sent me like 20 beats out of 20 beats that might like two or three of them. Okay, you don't so that's the ratio we go and we have he probably has that I have hundreds of Beats. He has thousands, you know, and he's he he he made he produces beats how I write Rhymes. So okay, you know steady. Yeah non-stop, man. So the yeah video for the track Vice City Village. Yeah the video that video came out dope to actually I did the video on green screen. I mean a lot of my videos I edit film and direct everything myself. But that video there was on the green screen and the backdrop that I used was like an anime backdrop, okay. And then I didn't like how it looked as normal. So I actually pixelated myself more of a black and white like a sketch. Okay, so it's kind of like a whole anime thing going on its own and I added like rain in the background like Ice Crystal moon with the cloud moving and okay, but you push it man and I don't even know how I got to a point of how I could edit videos or pink but like what I'm a fucking when you realize what the fuck again it's it's troubleshooting in it. um I'm a firm believer man of when you want to get something done. Nobody's going to do it for you better than yourself. Yeah. Yeah, so that's why I got into like my own Studio my own beats my own engineering. So like, you know, the only person I can argue with about getting my shit done as myself or hold it up to the counter because I guess it's only me I guess that's why I have a lot of shoes as well man. Yeah, cuz I feel like honestly like I mean, yeah, we have our normal jobs or normal day lives. But like at least if you have the music with a message behind, I mean, I'm not going to say all my shit spot. That is not me but there's always some type of message. I try to store inside of try to put in there and I think that that will live on for a long fucking time. Yeah, but I'm here I'm when I'm not here to still be there. So that's something left behind my kids will be proud of that not everything. I want them to hear but at least some should be like damn my fucking dad was a pop and then he'll shit and you know, maybe they'll fucking take the ESF torching. I got to put in boys and now Matt has his little son. Maybe that'll be the new ESF man raise him. Like the second generation not bad at all. Yeah. I'm looking forward to more. I don't know if that's matter of fact speak of the devil on that project. Gamma sent beats to Divine. Okay, this is brother for that project and he actually reached out to gamma I didn't ask too much questions, but gamma was like yo Divine hit me up to send some beats for that project. So hopefully when that projects done, we're some demo tracks on there, you know, and this is a official information don't know if they'll choose the beets but Gamble, you know it made its way and he was stoked. He was completely stoked about it for I wouldn't want to shut the fuck up for like two weeks ago. So we'll see what happens. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah for real man. Hope that works out man looking forward to it. So you got another project coming through when it drops it drops when it's ready. It's ready. I'm actually releasing I release The Wonder Years I think on New Year's or something. I think it was on New Year's I release that and then I have a album coming out with Spawn from beat fnatic. Spawn Tola that's pretty much done because the little bit more mixing and to let him hear it and make sure he likes how it sounds but I have this other Epi been working on it's called alien brain. But by the time you guys should this podcast is going to be out already. So but um, it's just going to be an EP that I give away for free every few years. I just make a project give it away for free nice. But this but this project here everything is always different different mindset different emotion heavy influence them on marijuana on this one here, but it's more More laid back than the normal apoc. You would hear. Okay Morris more smooth tones more smooth rhyming and very high caliber lyrics of hand and word play like I start switching like pretty much from an alien brain. Yeah pretty much so there's going to be something that's only going to be seven tracks. I got one more track. I might record tonight and then sometime tomorrow fuck with the artwork but within probably the next 72 hours, it'll be released but that album they're definitely It's dope. I'm so that's how it normally goes. If I like it, like I'm very critical of myself. Like when it comes to beats as malaria by making if I make a beat and I don't like it. I don't save it hoping that someone else might like him. I fucking delete it and it doesn't exist no more. Yeah same with Ryan's. I'll sit there for an hour and a half ride a whole song and of I mean if I don't like it, I'll throw it away. But the rut with with the word playing right in the Rhymes those normally stays more the beats that I get rid of. Okay, but if I don't feel comfortable with it it it won't make the cut ever. Wow. Okay, alien brain by the time you hear this it's out. Make sure you go. Check it out to eat p7 tried. It'll be a little beyond my band camp. I'm gonna be able to hear it on Apple music as well as Spotify on my SoundCloud. It'll be a free download. So you'll be able to find a link or a tie w w dot I am ESF.com. Okay. Sure Eternal Soul fire Eternal Soul fire earth Special Forces believe that or not. That's what it stood for. At first. They're not that from Dragon Ball Z. Like we like it 19 In 99, I was fucking Stone as hell watching this shit and there was like another adventure for our special forces. I hope camo. That's what we call ourselves thinking esm. And then ESF went from Earth Special Forces extremely sophisticated functions and then Eternal so far. I think who came up with the name for Eternal Soul fire believe it or not is my boy crave Danny phyla that the graffiti artists out here that the mad shit, you know, very pioneering in Miami graffiti, very probably one of the best artists. Here actually believe it or not when it comes to a homegrown for ready. And okay that does graffiti man writer really fucking dope dope artists and I remember he said that one day her special for its Eternal Soul fire and I was like fuck. Yeah, dude, and that's what I mean. It means all three of those things. Yeah, but that's what it normally is these days Eternal Soul fly a pod bad. We talk music. There's only one thing left to do and that's get into the each portion, which is coming up. Next bruised beats me. The podcast I got lured a pocket here with me. Let's get it. Yeah. This is where we get to know. My guests not musical taste taste when it comes to food. We already discussed music. So whether it's their go-to dish something they find themselves eating frequently something they look forward to every once in awhile, you know, sometimes my guests are they kind of have a strict regimen and and they wander off the path every once in a while like what is that? That's what I'm talking about. So I know apoc touched on it. That way you kind of gravitate between the lines of carnivorous or omnivorous. I've let's go after this because you do both you get into the vegan sometime vegetarian so good. What's um, what's a staple dish for you for me? Let's it's Mexican food Okay, the reason why because it still tastes good as fucking hell without me today. Yeah, it's true. It's a good point. I turn that shit up obsessed with nachos. I like I'm one of my my podcast. I told everyone that like, I have a problem. With cheese, I can't stop eating cheese. I can let everything else go that's gonna keep you from being vegan like nachos I even go to fucking and it's not like the best Mexican restaurant, but I'll go to Chipotle man. They hook that shit up did everything but without the meat no, I mean, yeah, that's I mean any Dish that you like doesn't he live without me for the money? I don't get me wrong every now and like fuck it. We get some steak in that shit or kind of solid some shit. It's kind of it's called it, you know, but for the most part that that's Mexican food man at one point. I was into a lot of like the sushi shit man. Okay, you know, okay. Well, um, I don't know just my mind and evolution of being health conscious and stuff. It's like I'm just in taking animal flesh too much and it's like we're absorbing that energy. I mean at least I might - yeah, I was like, you know what and I outgrew it. Yeah, but Mexican food man, I was a matter of the Taco Burrito. It was nachos. It doesn't matter what it is. You can eat it. It tastes just as good with with it - to me they're like an awesome that you fuck with any other the meat substitutes. Yeah, I do. Okay, I have before you like, you know one Burger King came out with the impossible. Wow. Okay cool. Shit. Let me go eat this here, but then I started I mean, I'm always I research a lot of shit. So Start doing the research into it. I'm like, all right, we're eating a fake meat and it's the whole thing is not really wanting to eat meat. So, why would I even want to eat a fish substitute of what I'm going right not to eat for that. Go eat the fucking real thing. Yeah, you know, I'm not a scientist nowhere near on that level there. But let's say for the impossible Burger some of the ingredients in there. I can't even fucking smell it. There's more than 10. Yeah. He is some of those ingredients are actually bad for your health, you know, and even at Fuddruckers I had I had the Oh really at Fuddruckers as you know, this dope hamburger, but do they make this the The Substitute meet even get to deplete a fact? Yeah. I like I'm like, you know, what dude I'm like, I probably I'm better off just eating a real burger. If I'm gonna eat some fake meat. That's all I'm gonna be bleeding. I'm like, you know what? I think I think I discussed this with our Moreira we touched on it on his episode where it's I think the idea of it is getting people to turn away into the stomach. So that's the main purpose as a purpose of serves and the reason we brought that up because I know a lot of vegans kind of like started going at Burger King about yes selling it and it's like yeah, I mean so that kind of shit, they're all things vegan something like I believe in in a healthier life choice and us being living in the year 2020. There's a bunch of things that we can eat besides human flesh. Correct. I mean, I'm not getting some animal, but I don't play it. So you absorb go on the plant plant, but you know, I'm not I'm not that person to preach until you eat, whatever you fucking want. So just people that are vegan. I'm going to go to the Burger King thing. They were flipping out because it's being cooked on the same. Yeah, so understand that the workers see that there is what it is but alternative meets our I guess they're good for someone that's trying to not eat so much meat but for someone that doesn't eat me to start just putting that on a constant basis cannot be good for ya. You know, you're better off getting real fucking me. You're gonna eat that shit every day. Yeah, that's mine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. What the fuck. Maybe say human flesh, but my bad not the intention at all food is great, man. Yes music food beer. Yeah life. Yeah. That's what it is. Yes. My podcast is life apoc said so it is like you gonna argue with him. Now. What is best in life? What is the best look like Yeah from early on. That's what said it's like typically everybody has an opinion on yeah I don't all three you know even if you don't drink beer you definitely listen to music at some point in your life or continue to do so and you eat food you know I'm saying it's for someone that's never had a sip of beer gotta watch out for people like that the people that are too fucking normal be the ones you gotta watch out for I'm going to tell you if you don't listen to fucking music there's people that don't listen to music yeah that's carrying that's carrying everything in music is everywhere so they might have a real is it that they're listening to sounds sounds our music it's just it's just a fiver organized a little vibration of life is the Rhythm that puts everything together plan on vibrations yeah but you know they say that all the molecules in our body is put together by a vibration vibration yeah that's Hills deep see that yeah I mean depending on whether something's hot or cold it all depends on the vibration the how the how the molecules are moving within that object yeah if it's hot they're really they're bouncing around if it's cold there's I think still there sitting still. So yeah, man, it's it's everywhere roll it so it seems kind of strange have something be like they did that can lead to the study with plants. You can play music to with the plan. Okay and watch how the plants grow that listen to music compared to the ones that don't listen to me again, or like I might have to say listen to it, but the vibration or that they play music with a plan that one grows more fruitful the other one just kind of Stack your average. Yeah, they don't average pace and also, what does it cymatics? X or like also what the vibrations of things like, I don't know if you've seen that online. It was a I think the vibration of certain sounds would put the formations of like I think sand particles are particles and they become inflamed geography like certain vibrations will form perfect geometry geometric designs. I know you whip up. The nachos is right, but my my go-to is Mexican always. Okay. Well, I have a choice to go get something. Yeah, it's probably always Mexican. It's never the most part. Yeah, and you find Multi mean you travel the country. There's Mexican food everywhere or some version of it like that. Authentic Mexican South Florida. Where would you go? Where would I go? I don't even treat you poorly go down, but that's that's that's not a sense. Yeah, so commercial chain, correct, honestly if I'm going to be I would say I remember they should be a spot like down and cut the ridge like pretty much borderline Homestead, you know, and I walked out forgot the name of it. I know it was off Caribbean Boulevard or something like 200 Street everyone in there was Mexican do so, you know, you're getting a good fucking milk. Yeah, but that one I don't know the name of it. I can't remember it. But it was there Kelsey. I anyway but yeah shoutouts feel very basic, you know, but I'm trying to think of other ones Man actually being The Mexico? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cheesecake is well. Cherry pie one of my favorite thing. Really my girl knows that shit. I be Karin she gets jealous. isn't our conversation I think so it'll be things were talking about yeah then it pops up on my feet like a promotion thing yeah um Donuts fuck I remember I was talking about donuts and some Krispy Kreme fucking thing came up we have these Reese's peanut butter or oil stuff don't I don't let it go can I actually I was like let's go fuck this like the basic version of that was you know how the supermarket you walk in and they put like the smells and of the front like the bakery smells the front to like open up your appetite to making shot more that's like that was real like low-end subliminal message yeah now if you say it and it pops up and maybe brother thing with grocery stores to always flat the lights a little stores fuck with my head dude really not in a crazy way which is just probably the right for us in like yeah it's just like whenever you go to that amount of mall or something like that I don't know maybe it activates you to fucking mind As the really, you know, yummy you already had a shot but they want to make sure you buy even more like my my my girl swimming she would say like people go shopping and they think they're saving money, but the way to save money is not spending your money, correct. Let's say they put a price on this these let's say Oreo cookies get to buy one get one free. Yeah, you're still spending your money. And that's the whole thing about what America meant they trick you into spending your money. The only way to save money is by not spending it. Yes. Yeah, and it's And you know what, there's something to that because it's even realize that if they can sell you two of those for the price of one that means that they could have sold you that for that for the half that price the whole time. So does that mean that you've been overpaying you don't say you think about it? Don't pay for everything. He knows everything everything. Everything is overpaid. But that's America for that's capitalism. That's capitalism. Yeah, we're just going to you know, put a put a fucking one of these iPhones together I could imagine the real cost of putting it together. Yeah it just to charge you. 1,100 bucks for this shit. Yeah. Yeah, exactly and everything about come along. I know I know I definitely know what to the COS 1100 to make the fucking fuck. Yeah. Yeah, it's crazy. It's our convenience. It's like that's the difference between going like I say your supermarket local supermarket to pick something up and supposed to go anywhere. 7-Eleven. You're always going to pay more seven seven because they're charging you for the convenient. That's what it is. That's what it is. Don't apoc man. We talked hell. Yeah, we did not discuss. We got to know a pot. We talk skateboard and We talk music producing emceeing we got to listen to song from a pot. Yeah, I got it got to check that out check the video out for it. Make sure I'll put the put the link in the show notes. Oh you sample beers. You really made here at that old soil impression. I drink the whole fucking yes. for Mexican food yes we discussed desserts man chocolate covered almonds yeah there's they're not they're not safe at Whole Foods that you come through you're snatching up a whole bunch of do a fight man as always thank you man thank you I appreciate you inviting to the house you brother this works as always you know like I say I like to thank my guests a pot for taking the time sitting down and talking it up with me I'd like to thank you the listing for tuning in yet another week Bruce beats and eats IG keep up with me there Gmail let me know your thoughts DME let me know your thoughts comment on everything rate comment and subscribe if you enjoyed what you heard tell a friend if you didn't enjoy telling enemy tell somebody yeah especially their into podcast what else all streaming platforms and yeah man that's pretty much it so be sure to check me out on my site www.imsocialmediatraffic.com everything's their Eternal Soul fire y'all get with it peace