What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down. Really sobered me and to the fact that we are what we are we're not as good as we were last year. We're not as bad as we played form of the Season. We're somewhere in between. I think we're a playoff team were starting to turn a stuff around right now. Yeah. No, I believe I do believe I will say that. It's weird because I feel like in the dog days of the season when you're in like December January and you're sucking ass. It's so hard to remain calm. But now that it's like there's there's like a light at the end of the tunnel and possibly playoff time. I feel like now it's like everything is good. Yeah for the most part. I don't know like we're the thing is it all signs point to that were trending up. Yeah, and we made it through listen some teams tragic suck ass here and Miss Laos. Stork Lee some teams Trend in Surge late in the season, but they're coming out from the bottom of the standings and it's too late. We were able to keep her head above water the whole season, even though we sucked ass been able to keep our head above water water over a racist coat incident our best defenseman or collapsing on the ice. I mean, what else happened something else happened? You may want to ask Johnny gaudreau has been terrible you want to ask you is that why best defenseman this season I said this season right? You just need your body best defenseman this season. I mean we've had Giordano has been hurt Monahan and drove not open them right there regular selves. It's like we've overcome so Shit this year and we've come through it relatively. Okay, I'm fully back in love with this team. It helps that the Pacific Division is probably the weeks division of definitely helps definitely helps. Well, it's so funny because you texted me something to somebody to the other day. It's like Oilers fans right now or like the Oilers have 80 points there Stanley Cup contenders, but the Flames have 77 points morning make the playoffs make the playoffs and crazily enough if if you check the standings as of right now, the Minnesota goddamn wild are in a playoff spot. Yeah, it's insane. Well, you saw it coming probably three weeks ago. They want a bit of a heater. They got themselves back in the race and they had game they've had games in hand. You saw it coming. I like the wild. I've always liked the Wild and I'd I said they make the laughs. I still I still think they didn't have a tough time of it. Like so only in by one point Vancouver's got a game in hand. So you think they will make it they they seem to be trending in surging right now. I mean, they're still like 15 14 games left. The thing is is like I don't know man. They're the same position as Carrie where it's like it's their spot to lose. Yeah. We used to play a good hockey from here on in when a handful of games. I would say it would be it would be like Bizarro world if Edmonton Calgary Minnesota Vancouver made the playoffs in Nashville Winnipeg didn't but it's it looks like that's probably yeah, but it's gonna happen just not because natural is starting to fall back now Winnipeg starting to fall back now, I don't think these guys can keep pace. Dude, it's good. I'm glad you know what Nashville needs to miss the playoffs because they need to learn a lesson about doing dumb shit, like signing mattress into a huge contract UK Subban. Yeah, and then of course, there's the Arizona Coyotes in the mix as well. The last team there tonight. We'll be telling if like a winning a regulation win against Arizona tonight. Pretty much puts enough separation between you and them that things are looking good. Yeah, I would agree. All right, let's talk about that game. That's a good because it was a weird game. Let's go back to this hypothesizing. Because you and I have been right about a lot of things this season. Things that we've been wrong about are like small things we can write about a lot of cool things. We write a lot of a big thanks. Yeah, one of them this prediction of the team will balance themselves out in the second half namely Bonnie and Johnny will research will see them turn things around Johnny has been our best player last what 10 12 games. Oh 100% he's been great. It's been great. He's back like one totally back. I mean he still he still leads the team in scoring as far as I as far as I know right like I think he still is at the top and point. He's in point per game for the last 25 games when Holmes got the most goals. but I know I know people are like how many points did he have? He's got 50 seized almost got 60. I think he's got 57 points. That's pretty that's pretty on like it's going to be so he's gonna be on the lower end of his career. He's probably on Pace for what 70s probably gonna get 65 70 points, which is still running our pizza career average, but he may just search they see him serger. Anyways, the point I wanted to make is that we were talking about this last week. Going into this home stretch. Because the tail of the season so far as you've been excellent on the road do we have the best home record there were certain records or the best away record. He definitely won't resist the third best. Yeah. I know. It's the best record since January something like that. It's probably a third best on the road or 2014 and three so it's not quite as good as you might think. It's actually the exact same away record is the Oilers at home and you know, what's weird. We're not even as bad at home as I would have thought 1512 and for on home ICE 2014 and three away from the you Is that Third Way for tonight the third quarter of the Season we want we lost like five in a row. Yeah, so it's not like we haven't been good on home ice for sure, but it's not like we've been Dreadful so it's funny how those narratives kind of get going. Right? It's like all they've been so good away from the saddledome. It's like they've won five more games, but they've also lost two more games away. Yep, so, but I bet you if you look at You know being the best road team since January whatever it is. Yeah, you compare their home record to that time. Then you really see that? Well, I think the staff that is like the most mind-boggling. He's like David Riddick hasn't won a whole night's game since December 12. Yeah, like holy shit. Yeah, that's mind-blowing and mind you there's like how many starts is he got and there was the break? Yeah, etcetera Etc. So it is a little inflated but still like holy shit. He doesn't want a home game in 2020. It's just not so Bring it back last week, right? The story was K. You got 11 of your last 15 games at home. Therefore. You should be good shape. However, they've been so dog shit at home. Maybe was better for put on the road. But much to my hypothesis of they're going to turn it around the second half money Johnny you're going to like what I said last week is that they're going to turn it around here at home in these last we have 10 games now. And they're going to be good going into the playoffs. Now I also talked about this. Remember we were doing the pregame liar and that we should do in the pregame of life or Columbus. Yeah, and I said look this always happens. I don't mean the dog carry you right now, but don't carry me Don Cherry anything you to me. Collier some some reason The main thing is the first home game coming off those road trips are usually tough. Use you you happy. It's like you it's so easy to lay a stinker. Yeah, right. And so I'm alive I was like all they gotta do is keep their feet going throughout the first period try not to go down more than one goal. If you can you know that you're not going to be able to keep your legs against against them in the first period just because of the whole long road trip yada yada thing. And so if you can stay within Arm's Reach by the second period you get legs going you're probably the better team halfway through the game by the third period you should be able to force your will upon the game. It didn't necessarily play out exactly like that. But similarly similarly. Yeah, and I think the biggest the biggest thing is like when you're trying to turn a tide of momentum. Because just like in every game it's all about momentum shifts and momentum swings and I always talked about this how when you're getting hemmed in your own and hemmed in your own and hemmed in your own end. This team seems to be unable to break that momentum that the other team is generating you. This is what I'm saying is typically when you do it, it's a giant hit. Even after you have to put yourself out of position momentarily it's worth it to break that momentum swing but we haven't really seen that. So just like how there's a micro momentum swings in games. There's macro momentum swings jury out this throughout the season. So right now you have your trying to break a negative momentum. Swing of like losing at home stinking at home. And in order to do that. It's always it never just happens. It's always like you have to push through the toughest points. There's a threshold you have to get over a hump. That was what we saw. Against Columbus. Yeah, they did it. It totally did it because they were down to nothing everybody that has a Stockholm Syndrome from this following this season all year lie. I know I turned it off. I had stuff to do mentally checked out quit like fuck this fuck these guys abusive relationship yada yada. But they hung in there. They made it 2-1 Mangia Pawnee Toulon home on you Pawnee putting that that play starts with him how much how many plays in the year? She is ferocious. He is ferocious. Excellent. Did you see you see that? He's getting some accolades. Yeah Dimitri filipowicz wrote a little article about him today ESPN. Yep, getting the credit. He deserves man getting the credit. He deserves you make it 2-1 now all of a sudden. Was it nine minutes left? 90 minutes nine. Oh nine days, nine minutes left and everybody's like well, let's see what happens. Yeah, because if you want like if you're like me and you turn it off, I turned it back on again. So want to say so I'll Lindholm scored you watch them and I was like, I think they're going to tie it up here because they were pressing. They're playing good hockey. Fisher shit did Matthew tkachuk Big Goal Matthew Cooke clutch to clutch. I can't say that what a beautiful goal. And by the way, thanks again this time Kelly Rudy. Thanks a lot ruining it Kelly Rudy. Why are they so obsessed that we chip that were all friends key and when offer it's like it's like, okay. Does anybody remember the well, does anybody remember everyone remembers the Jordan a pearly Team Canada World Junior goal and it's like Gord Miller called a lifetime. He's Jordan a police cars, can you believe it and you just let that moment play if you're if you're good broadcaster, but fucking beer McGuire no has to shit over the moment. So Gord Miller everybody knows this this this happens everybody scores the tying goal. I think it was like, oh eight or o9 with like five seconds left versus the Russians Gord Miller is like joy that like a scars. Can you believe it and you're supposed to let that let it play. And like purifiers like I'm trying to ruin the moment broadcasting color 101 let the moment play Kelly Rudy. I don't give a shit if that hit werenski. Let the moment Play My Guy when Rick balls his Matthew Chuck scores to tie the game. Let it play. Cassie Campbell and my family's coordinated and goal this plan play out, especially when you're not even sure exactly this one's coming back. This one's coming back definitely chores. This one's coming back. This one's coming back hit they hit the glove Wicked elevator went off a player on the bench trick play anyways, so we're still have to point that out Rudy. What are you looking at? I don't know what he's looking at. If you're looking at just physics alone for one ski tip that it's not going to go well. It went so well, so if you're looking at how could chuck reacted and then that's the other thing watch how check your racks watch out renske reacts did rescue did renske hang his head a bit lookup and disbelief. I call fuck. I tipped in my own net. No did Chucky go fucking bananas? Ballistic? Like he just fucking square an unreal Taco the tie up the game. Yes. Why do we have to give these broadcasters tips on broadcasting? anyways And then over time like I mean that's classic that that that is Calgary Flames see and and this is like when you try to move this whole microcosm thing of like you need to turn the tide, this is just it's a carbon copy of life. You're not get any fucking handouts. I don't know if you if anybody hasn't recognized this yet, but you're getting a goddamn hand out taking me like 10 years. I've completely wasted half of my life. But now I know we've been waiting for a handout. Yeah. So in order to turn the tide like it takes mental fortitude. And that game had it for me at least totally. Well because not only do you tie it up you put yourself in the position to win now to me that's like they're at the summit now and they need to do the final push to where we get over the hump down to the other side. And we sure as shit solid overtime need me totally what an entertaining over time. What a great over time. And I mean what a great shift like, I know Brody scored the goal what I mean, we're lent. Let's work by Castro and Monahan on that goal. If you're like Relentless good rose work behind the net there, dude. He's like like not only he's okay obviously Shifty as fuck but he's outsized. I would strength hope man. There's two guys there help man. It's comes out from behind the know. How did she Monahan not bury that dude. I thought that was in the light guy thought I was into. Oh really great save by corporate sellout or Purcell has he was hell, he was great. He had an excellent call. Yeah, he was there was also something of interest to we talked about son alive yesterday, and he missed it. But Chuck you in Corpus al-ghazali got into it a bit at a both the 11-minute mark 2 minutes ago before Lindholm tied it or scored the first goal. I don't know. My dad had a fabric of the game and I had a Mite had a factor because here's the thing and I wasn't even really scared about Corpus a low. I just kind of knew we'd get to him because he's not skorpa Salomon. He's good, but he's on proprofs key, even though Borowski sucks. He's not Marc-Andre flurry. He's not Carter heart. It's not Carey Price. Yeah wear it when he's on top of the game like that. He can maintain it total like you just good to just tell. So then over time your boy my boy. I'm shocked. I hate that anything you want in actually it first. I'm shocked a he got a shot through be that he hit the net. Yeah. I thought a miss and see that he got a pass the goaltender like I I'm still floored. What is going on Euro? TJ's got goals is TJ possessed. No, it was it's funny because what you and I are noticing is a trend when we start bashing players publicly on Save. They we are never Batcher. I never rip Brody. We were hardcore ripping backlands. Yeah, we are ripping them all season and we went real hardcore like a week before he broke out. Yeah, and then it seems like every time I go out of my way, even though I always rip on Michaels own. It's like this seems the times that I specifically go out of my way to show how much he doesn't belong in the NHL. He liked scores somehow. It's funny. And you were ragging on Brody. Well all I did all I said was I wonder if he started aiming for shin pads. He'd get it through through guys. Anyways, like a real that's pretty good. That's he does sucky any shots through like there's no denying then he scored week and then he scored two goals. So I'm young. But I mean a great play by Joe Biden Joe there because he tried that sharp angle shot that he tries all the time, which was closely on his clothes, but then he retrieved the puck to yeah, he shot it got it back we go this way out got him on hand and he didn't mind like mine. Did cobras hello kind of had that Monahan was a dog on a bone. He was a dog on a motherfucking bone right there. And then great job by Monty and then Brody buries it and I mean, that's what I didn't understand like we've said this few times but sometimes like the when fans and like people on the fan I'd 60 and people are like so critical of the team. It's kind of confusing to me. It's like because I on the fan especially and then I think some fans. I don't know a lot of people are like, oh that was a terrible game. They're so lucky to win that game. Well, we talked about this building alive yesterday. Yeah and You know what reference that I use. It comes back to this whole thing of like. When you're trailing things always seem worse than they are. It's skewed. Yeah, the game is skewed your mindset skewed it's like when you're down to nothing and control tries to make a move or Chuckles between his legs are like you can idiot. What are you doing? I hate you never try that again. Fuck sports are funny and all right, so But not only that you have had to deal with this whole abusive relationship is toxic relationship with this team. We've had all year of these ups and downs ups and downs and the Downs man those games were they like they don't even show up and so even Elliott Freeman in the first intermission was like he was sitting there. He was shocked. I think I said to you I'm like, all right. I don't know I said to somebody I was shocked the first 10 times. I've seen this out of this team. I'm just used to it by now, but I did have a different feeling. I even texted you. I'm like, they're coming back. Yeah, like again like I don't understand like it's funny to me that like so many people were like mad about like this game and the Nashville game they're like, how could you blow that natural him? It's like we played incredibly well in the naturally we dominate we didn't we played we pretty much dominated the Blue Jackets for 45 minutes. Like we'll try them 3722. We got more High danger chances of them. We own possession like Johnny and Monty and went home were like over 90% possession don't know what else what and he came back from like a to nothing hole to win a big game. Well, I don't work. How can you really ask for much more? The thing is this is am is just kind of odd to me. The thing is is when you've been burnt so many times. Yeah, I guess you feel like you're going to get burned again. So you gotta help but you can't help it look at the game through a different set of eyes. It's just like when I look at that game, like you said it was more encouraging that game. Like I think a lot of people are like who they bought they played an NHL team like not was having a fit on the morning show boy HL team and they barely beat them. It's like I thought there was a huge I thought they played great in battle back and it was a it was a momentum building encouraging win for me anyways, so, yeah. I don't know they do have a lot of injuries, but but they still play that John. On Tortorella, like Mucky drag you down in the mud style. And the thing is is they got great goal tending their defense still put it's not like all their guys got hurt exact same time. And these guys are just getting called up now. Yeah, and it's all the guys that are that are filling in the holes from the AHL team. They've been playing a lot of NHL games this season. It's like there's no easy out unless this troit this team. Which is a makeup of a lot of a gel players has got them into a playoff spot exactly. This length is hit it right. So I don't buy the Orton age whole roster the Flames barely beat them thought the Flames had a rough first and bet again like it's so funny. Like if if this game had been at a last season would have been like, oh wow the Flames they always stick with it and come back with it come with it, but it's like the fact that we've just we've seen them under perform a bit this year when they do have a strong performance in battle back were like we have this weird bias, but Olie, Barely one and lucky to win. It was like wasn't really the case. So I think what was it in the second like I mean for call this has more points than we do for Christ's sake in the first intermission. I had I was still you really believe we're gonna win. I really I was like all they gotta do is do this and they have to do it like they they're yeah, they're backed up against the wall. I think the reason why I said to you there come on back. I just kind of had a feeling because what other choice do they have the your this Late in the season with where the standings are the way they are. You don't have it. You don't have the choice to not come back. Yeah, so it's like it's either they don't come back or that's kind of it. Like we're kind of down here exactly. Right and what I thought was only because coming back to this whole like they need to turn the tide on home ice because if they didn't come back in that game and turn that tide, maybe they don't turn the tide at all on home ICE. Yeah and their Seasons done. So it's kind of like their backs up against the wall. It's like Sun Tzu's Art of War. When you deliver your soldiers? Onto the front of wherever the battle is going to take place you burn the ships behind them. So they know there's no way they're not going home. The love it love it. And I mean I also thought it was pretty interesting that your five top performers by game score and probably your best players on the night where your best players the Top Line in Lindholm. We'd roam on hand while Matt you posted that thing and on it like that was their great ridiculous are there or 90% core seat and expected goals. How often you see that very rare like for anybody. I'm like no one and then Geo induction line, maybe yeah seriously and then G on Brody's your best players are your best players and I think that was a for me at least anyways. The that was a huge win for me because it kind of has got me back on track with this team. Let's do something interesting. Let's go further into that because we talked about this we're trending in the right direction. We're starting to hopefully surge here. But if you look at all the things that aren't going wrong anymore and it also look at all things that are going right. I mean the biggest kind of only question mark you still have is your defense tight enough because ends and goaltending there's still a bit of a question mark with with forward and Gustafson. Yeah, but yeah, how are they how are their numbers last on the first home game? First home game. I think they're the four rows. Okay, I don't have it in front of me. But for it was fun. I think Gus got exposed a little bit. Okay, which I think if you just were watching I think that's kind that kind of chose. Alright what I think we'll start to see is those two will start to play better as well because they would have been victims of the team on the wrong side of turning the tide. But now that we've turned the tide I think everybody's going to clean or DM up on home ICE. Yeah. I mean, I mean gustavsson was To interrupt you Gustafson was like use okay. There's a little leaky defensively forward have no km though. Yeah, but I think that's what we're going to grow to expect from Gustafson. So for him is is going to be a matter of he needs to be that much better offensively. Sorry, my bad. I was looking in the wrong. I was looking at the wrong game card for word was they were they're both pretty me not terrible, but like pretty average in their own zone. So okay because coming in we looked at Gus's numbers. He was comparable to hanif in his own end. He's like hand fan except worse defensively pretty much if you look is as a summation of his underlying numbers, which if you're be compared to Hannah thing and if your worst offensive that Hannifin it's a bit of trouble it's terrible. So but we The bonus to Gustafson is that he has a higher ceiling upside offensively the Hannifin on paper anyways, so that's what we're going to see from Gustafson if he's gonna want to remain a lineup. Well, I think and I think playing on the third pairing, that's fine. If he's just getting some ozone starts in playing 13 14 15 minutes a night. It's totally fine by me. But I do you know what I am kind of I've been a little underwhelmed with him now that we've seen him play four or five games. Well thought he was Alias, Boston. Yep, but I guess we haven't had very many powerful opportunities either. So that's the biggest thing. I think he's the type of guy that's gonna get more and more confident offensively when he gets more and more PP total time. You just had we have what we had like five power plays in like six games. I don't know what's going on like Sense gustafson's come here. Yeah. Well, how many do we have against the Blue Jackets just one? So we had one against the Blue Jackets. We had the one against the Panthers. So that's two in two games. Like that's kind of weird. Like what's going on against the Predators. You didn't have any we've got to powder plays in the last three games what's going on there? Yeah, and I think even if you go back to the boss game with three, so we've had like four we've had five fat six power plays in four games. What the hell so I think you'll start to see if gusts and does Kind of break out a little bit. It's going to be with with that power play time. I think and this is still on PP one that we know of he was yeah for the last powerful. Anyway, it's which I understand I posted himself the other day after Kent Wilson brought it up and I was like, yeah Geo is like pretty much far away much better on the PowerPlay than gustavsson as far as getting shots through. Yeah, as far as pretty much everything creating scoring chances scoring goals getting shots through I unbutton understand that it's like I would be more inclined to leave. Go there, if the power play has been deadly all year true, but it's bent dog shit all here. I'm totally okay to switch it up for a few games. So I don't have a strong opinion on that. I think you'd prefer to see Gio there and then roll hand it. All right got some power play to but at this point the power play has been made whole season. I don't mind switching it up. So you got a big deal. You gotta see some sir. Not a big deal to me. And then again if that's what it takes to get Gustafson producing offensively. I mean, that's that's an investment. Right? And then I think the biggest question is is like because apparently hammock is skating. Non-contact Jersey. Where does he fit in when he really he had a contactors the oh really? Oh shit, so he's probably back within the next week or two. Oh, I would think so. I think you might see him midweek next week or late, maybe next weekend. My only concern is that they're going to go back to he and Hannifin after Hannifin has been so good with Rasmus. Yeah. I was looking at all of hand infants most of and infants underlying metrics have improved markedly since With Rasmus surprise surprise. Well, you got to think that they're going to see that today. Hope so but I don't know because it's like on the morning show they're talking about and Will's was like all it'll probably go back with Hannifin because also have been out so good together. It's like no they haven't they've been terrible and Rasmussen had if and have been almost it's been it's a perfect fit. But if you're gonna have anywhere for hand if into play it has been a perfect fit it really has so I would not screw with that. Like easiest thing to do is just put hanif it hammock with Gustafson and I no that's care. That scares me a little bit just because if Gustafson is like hanifan, but worse defensively it could be worse do it could be worse through but I think if they're playing on the third third pairing, I think it's the it's going to be less less of an issue. So I think that's probably the what's going to happen. I hope that's what's gonna happen. What about not you think they would ever go with? American Golf season are sorry having taken forward and sit Gustafson. I don't know seems kind of a waste. I mean think it'd be pretty weird. I'd be I'd be kind of bummed. I'd rather watch Gustafson play than forward. Well, especially if he's part of that ppthere I can do that. Yeah, I'd be shot. So I would be pretty specific Hammond. It comes back basically forwards or 70 men. Yeah my toes don't rot to the Moon shielding his probably sent to the minors for the playoffs. Yeah playoff with a mind like I know I shit on hand rather. Hammock not return kinda like that's what somebody said to me. Well, here's the thing. We just scratch him and I have an AK. Yeah, I think that's true. If he's gonna play in the top four with doing - there you go. But if he's on your bottom pairing, then you rather have yeah how you think he's a great boy pairing guy? Yeah. I think that's what's been made clear. And I mean like we've been watching Mike Stone play 20 plus minutes and it's like, holy shit. Do I miss Travis Hammond and his terrible defensive ability. Yeah, because it's like okay, he's below replacement defensively Travis hammock, but he's nowhere near as bad as Michael Stone. So I think if exactly if he's putting on the bottom pairing you absolutely welcome him back. But if he's playing in the top four, come on, don't do it Jeffrey. Don't do it. You gotta think they're not going to do it. Right? Well, that's white because you got to think they're not going to do it makes me think they will yeah, probably right? And anyways, I think the other question Question mark right now is goaltending. Obviously, I think I'm in the I'm gonna place the goaltending and when I say goaltending, I'm really mean Dipper Riddick. Yeah in the same conversation that yeah. I don't know with a few more nights off because I think lesson I've been standing up for him throughout this this little downward whatever you want to call. He's having I think there's more factors to it than you. Can you just not playing? Well, yeah. He was playing lights out until he got fatigued you could notice he was getting fatigued. I said this on a lot of yesterday the guy when he started to fatigue and his game started falter, but had played more NHL games than any other starter in the leak. More minutes and I'm talking starters. I've played multiple Seasons price like price-anderson. Yeah, these guys that are used to playing heavy workloads. Don't majority of the games. They are ridic in his first year as a starter. The guy that is questioned about how much of a workload can handle and the past. He like you're just playing night after night after night. And then even when Talbot starts to like play Lights Out you still start going back to Rick like the I don't like I feel like more than anything that's fucked with his game. Yeah, I know hundred percent, right? And then the other thing about that is like team defense. I mean how many nights in the first, you know, 45 games of the Season. We're like, they're going to hang their goalies up to dry again. And again like we mentioned this yesterday to it's like why Riddick had to Riddick was the one who played the majority of those games. When ham before Gustafson in for were required and he's Michael Stones playing 20 plus minutes in front of Dave. Yeah, when David Riddick was playing his his worst goaltending of the Season it was in front of Michael Stone second pairing maykel Stone, but like you said before you got forward and gutless. Yeah second parent Michael Stony or top security had to play with Michael Stone Oliver Shillington and Brandon Davidson getting like huge minutes. So there's another Factor. So I'm not buying it and I feel like he'll be fine as the team starts to turn the tide at home as will. He now it'll be interesting to see how how Ward gets him back into it. I like the decision tonight. They're going with Talbot again. I think it's the right one because I look at the two opponents Arizona and Vegas on Sunday. Obviously Vegas is the better opponent. So if you play towel tonight that sets up Riddick. Actually for Sunday, I would definitely start him Sunday. Unless Reddick is are certain less Talbot is just Phenom tonight. But but then you just kind of I don't you take it game by game. Yeah, I think you do take in my game. But I think this is a perfect opportunity to do two things, which is win some games with Cam. Talbo all these playing well and rest David Riddick a hundred percent. Like that's why you're playing Talbot. I don't think you're playing Talbot at least from my perspective because you're old Talbots the guy now, it's like no he's playing well and Riddick has been overworked all season. This is this wasn't supposed to be a one two. Yeah, no Duo from the start of the season, but they wanted he would be this such right? Yeah. Like if they had been tandem all season, I don't think we'd be seeing Riddick struggle as much I agree. So like why weren't you playing tandem all year? It's nice to see and we will get to this. Let's look at all the things that are seem to be clicking right now because one of them is Jeff Ward's finally figuring out how to fucking get the starting goal tender. He's learning I'm learning. I'm learning. You must have been isil on the fourth line. Hi Bradley. Hi Super Nintendo King. I'm I'm learning. All right, although Sam Bennett is still on the fourth line. Okay. I said I don't know like where are you at with that? It's kind of annoying where I'm at is a cheese. I get it. Ryan is a very effective player. I think it's more about Liu ji to than Ryan for me. What you mean? Like he should be in Lucha spot sure or he should play center and like I don't think moving Ryan down. I think you leave run on that line. But you either put been a center there on left lane move luge down there the love affair infatuation that this organization has a luge well, and again, like how many goddamn times have we said this he could do the exact same thing just as effectively if not more. So on the fourth line, and I think for the Sam Bennett thing it's more like it's more me like wanting wanting the organization to finally put this poor son of a bitch in a place to succeed then anything. Like I don't know if putting him there over Lou Cheech makes you a better team make sure they're lined better. But at least to me it signals that they want to make a little bit of investment in this guy, right? I don't know. I'm a Sam Bennett fan and I know he's dumping great, but I don't know. Well, I mean the other thing is like you look at who he's play with. Is your please elite players know I mean he gets a chance for 60 minutes. He's one of those guys. He's literally like a dog is it gets him little bit confidence and encouragement? He's like exactly how much better. Anyways, we've talked about that quite a bit that this organization has really failed him in my opinion, but him All right, things are going well. You got Geo returning how goddamn good has he been since he got back. He looked okay for me that first game then he falls it up with three assists. He's really good. I tried to see where apparently he got a piece of that pass over to run ski for the open net in overtime last game. Oh did he he was all alone with a wide open net. But apparently Geo got it off of her Mark Jared defensive play. Whatever Mark Giordano is on. I want some of that shit stem cells seriously about their day. Must be you must be you got Geo back. Brody's playing. He's a contributor offensively. He's been an outstanding defensively all year hasn't been a lot offensively starting contribute offensively Monahan gaudreau are playing like your two best players when Holmes almost at 30 goals the 3M library and line the menu pennies awesome. The Resurgence of the 3M line 2.0 mangiapane is coming into form rounding in the form. Well, I thought this was interesting. I was looking at some five-on-five Puck retrieval stats. I've got a pulled up right now. There's really only two players who are very excellent at recovering pucks. Andrew managing Penny leads the team in recoveries / 60 Minutes Tara crying Derek. Ryan's the other one too. Small Skies. Yeah. Well, they're in control but Pedro he's more of a Zone entry guy. But Andrew NG penny is ferocious on that book because a beast he's a beast that little shit Beast. So what else is Goin right? You've got your top two lines fired. I think your top are wiling you finally found a pairing and Hannifin and Anderson that works for Hannifin. Let's do balance each other out. And the reason why is Rasmus is so smart defensively that he can see blemishes and errors and mistakes that had if it's about to make beforehand if he even sees them. Yeah, and he's in right in the right position. So you finally found a you finally found a partner. Not finally we've been saying this all year, you've consistently played hanifan with a partner who complements him and makes him better. Your GM actually fucking did something for once the trade deadline actually made your team better defensively on the backend. Yep. Plus you have how many coming back off injury I think he makes this décor better when he's in the lineup. Just got to be aware where you slaughtered slaughtered appropriately. Yep. It seems like Jeff Ward is starting to stop be quite as big of an idiot. He's not juggling the lines every two goddamn seconds. He actually put the you draw a line out the other night against Columbus when they needed a goal. It's funny. They scored it's funny what happens when exactly this? Yes funny what happens? We don't have Milan Lucic and Tobias reader as your extra attackers with 90 seconds left. You actually score interesting at that works a Every time I'm I surfing and I watch the end of the game and a coach calls a timeout. I let you know a lot of don't I yes. But ever since and good on Backlund, that's Joe's true leadership. Yeah, totally went aboard and told him look at me off the wing but we back at Center I suck on the wing and then shortly after that Monahan. He went to Monahan and gaudreau and ask them guys, which we do bring one home back on the line ever since then your top six has looked excellent. Italy that's it's literally that it's not even it's it's beyond it's like a perfect correlation. That was the change that led to this turnaround period That's it. You can mark it. Was that I suggesting you go and talk to Johnny gaudreau months before this sure were fuck. So the fact that he's not juggling the like the only line juggling is doing right now is is switching Sam Bennett and and Ryan occasionally, which is fine. You know what I don't even I don't even mind Hey the whines. All right. Now, it's you know what? I don't mind the bottom the bottom six. I would much prefer reader in over like what would you do otherwise like the fact we haven't seen Sonic is pretty mind-boggling to me. I don't really get it. But whatever. I think I know the answer why. Brian Burke mentioned something in the first intermission last game. Yeah, which by the way is nice to have a we what broadcast was that works then is it a son a CBC broadcast? So it's a like a regional Regional broadcast on a knows it where's this the Thursday night Wednesday night 6:30. Maybe that's why isn't Wednesday the national game that might have been the national feed. I guess. That's what it was. It's nice having a as opposed to having some random ass like break from Cassie and Eric Francis are like Colby Armstrong breaking the game down. I don't like will be but anytime I don't have to listen to her. Ask I'm told there's nothing worse than when they caught two those locker room hallways and Francis is down there spewing is bullshit and I got all look at this disgusting neck. Dropping out of this stupid suit see, where's anyways go on Brian Burke said about Czar Nick. So he didn't mention pizarnik. It was implied though. Well, yeah as implied. Basically what Burke said he was referring to this team versus last year why there's so much different their home struggles blah blah. And the one thing he has said that would really registered for me was that they were skilled team last year with their small and the offseason they got bigger. So these are they have the same amount of skill, but now they're bigger. So he thinks they're better. So if that's not the Mandate if that's Brian, Brian Burke knows what's going on this organization. So to me, that's probably why I mean that explains why we haven't things aren't you guys who would probably come out? If you don't if you if sarnax out there's our necks in that was probably why wouldn't take reader out. Yeah. That's the one thing. I don't understand but readers bigger like an inch. Anyways, that's the one thing is like I would really like to see xarna cup, but I actually don't mind I don't I don't Of all the guys who are on the roster right now, I'd prefer reader in over and although for sure. At least if you're going to have a fourth line plug at least he's fast and and is a decent possession player at the very least. So I still think you'd better I do too but it's not like they've got it's not like they've got Kevin wet a line of Kevin westgarth Brian mcgrattan and Matt stage in so true. All right final thing going, right? cam Talbot Which will bring us to the other side of things that aren't going great. Obviously the whole Riddick scenario, but I honestly think that as this team turns at home. So Willie I got I have I don't have any concerns of the right now. I honestly don't I'm like seeing this guy lightly. I'm just like a little bit and I understand that because it's been a small sample size from what we've seen with him in his career so far with the Calgary Flames, this could be trouble, but we've also seen the alternative. Which is that he can bounce back. No problem. Yeah, I think he's gonna be fine. I think honestly, he needs more rest. He's a fucking team that is committed to playing defense in front of them. Yeah. I agree. I'm just like this slot. I'm just like a slight bit concerned if he had been like absolutely rock-solid All Season, I'd be like, yeah. This is just a blip on the radar, but he has been kind of up and down this year. So I'm just I don't know. We'll see. I'm it's not like I'm worried but I'm not like convinced that he's gonna come back. Into like perfect form like I could see a scenario where if you make the playoffs game one Talbot starts, that's all I'm saying. Yeah, I still think that regardless you're going to see both goaltenders in the playoffs. I don't disagree with that. Now the other things to watch out for not necessarily going wrong or going bad, but we got it at least get better at we talked about this a bit lately. The third line could be our Achilles heel once again, yeah. Because the fourth line was excellent last year, imagine paying Ryan. Yep, halfway line, even the playoffs. There's a third line on playoffs three line of Gingka Jankowski Bennett and Neil really hurt us. Yeah big time. So we've seen flashes of Brilliance from that third line, but they didn't really exist them. Yeah, and then the last handful they have been great. So they need to turn it around. Yeah, and then I would like to see more from the fourth line. Yeah. I think it would be nice for the chill. Can score some goals may be tripping do something shipping and I'm a I'm still a little worried. I realize it's a luxury to have a fourth line that is responsible defensively and a good possession line, but I'm still a little freaked out like we said this last week, I think about Jeff Ward's insistence on Mets purposefully matching them up against like the Bergeron line you imagine we go into a series against the Oilers and Jeff has Jankowski Bennett and reader matchup against draisaitl and McDavid line and if they're playing together in like the dying seconds, like I can't think of something that would make me shit my pants more. So that's a little concerning for me. It's my prediction. I've said this before I'll say it again that he will fuck us Geoffrey will fuck healed. We'll do that and we'll fucka our season it's going to be then I don't want this to be me. I will lead to the end of our season. I don't want to be this misconstrued as I don't trust that line because I do think that is a good fourth line in terms of the in the fact that they are good defense with this is one part of Jang. Screen readers game that is you like about them is that they are responsible and good in their own Zone. But again, like I don't want I don't want to be going out of the way to match them up against the other teams Top Line. That's all I'm saying. Yeah, especially when you have last change or yeah, or you have whistles that you literally have one of the best shutdown lines in the league in the background guitar Klein and like come on. Could you at least call timeout so we know you know what it is. Seriously has he gone the time out since he's been a coach. I don't think I think one time against it. LA and there's been like five times when you're like, why is it? Why didn't he call a timeout? Why didn't you arrest the top guys? They're buzzing instead. He goes with Lou Cheech and Reynaldo for the last sixty five seconds. All right, looking forward here. We got the coyotes tonight Vegas all home games Vegas on Sunday. We got three days off should be well rested and ready to go for the Islanders on Thursday. So weird. I was going to say we haven't played the Islanders all year. We pay them two times in a week. That's what they do know, it's so weird with the Eastern teams to try and get them to play a game within like a week or two of each other and then when a pig before going out on your own you're East As New York Seaboard Roadie, so I mean one game at a time obviously, but man win tonight's huge a win tonight. I think yeah, I think you collect three of the next four points. You're in a real good shape for this weekend. If you click if you beat Arizona and Vegas see I met I don't want to see her a lot. But if you win these next two games like You're probably a lock. I'm at a point now where I might get for ya. Because you're kind of clicking like we said you got all these good things going for you. Just turn the tide on home. ICE. You can't follow that up with a loss you continue that momentum with another win. You take that into Sunday's game against Vegas get it early lead on them. And that's a statement game. Yeah fault 100% And they were there without Stone their best players. So because probably the one the one kind of like Asterix you could say about this little Street Thrones and well, they've kind of been playing a little bit less quality opponents, Florida Columbus, you know, well their than Boston's against Boston Nashville may be lost in Nashville. Yeah. But here's the thing. If you in these next two games, you're looking good. Are you not now vying for a first place for Pacific Division birth, if you win two games in a row right now, one of the means to Vegas golden knights. I think you're definitely in the conversation of challenging in that for the Pacific Division, which honestly would be pretty huge your Five Points back a Vegas. Yeah, so you then you're right in the conversation right in the conversation.