This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options forYour money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.Remember her I'll beat you early last week. You smoked me so hard last week out of the gates with the air horn that this week. I was like no no your watchdogging Gary's I was soon as Gary got up because he was four. He had fallen down soon as he got up. He got up when he fell down he had a shirt on when he got up. He didn't have a shirt on typical guy and he pointed at me and I was like, that's when I was five and I was so quick on that one. Anyway, congratulations to me will be graduations Rob. No one can do it. Like you can thanks guys Gary some you want to say no. Absolutely not. I hope that now that Sarah is a new mother she'll get this kind of treatment as well when she returns. Oh, yes. Yes. She will good good. I'll be I'll be participating. It's an awake. Are still a mom she still a mom. I think the baby's already 25 pounds at least at least sleeping through the night shooting free throws every night before bed and eating those turkey legs. You get it Disneyland. Hmm. Those big turkey legs just doesn't have it doesn't have any teeth. Her grocery bill has one up three hundred dollars already. Oh my God, that's just too much, but good luck to them. I'm sure they're going to have a lot of fun with that. Friends, there's a lot going on that we should probably talk about we have been getting some great listener male. So thank you for that. We are very grateful and very appreciative whenever you guys write in Gary. Tell them about our Facebook page where they can come visit and see pictures and yeah face right us and facebook.com slash wriggles picks podcast and it's a really fun Community. There is there was one turd Ward submission this week. I'll shout it out. It was from George Finkel. So disturbing I didn't include it. I commented from the wriggles picks Facebook account. Holy hell and moved on because it has scarred me now. I want to know what it is fascinating George Hinkle. Oh Hank a what? Have you done to to upset? Shirtless Gary's so much that he had to delete it. I you know, I didn't delete it can be brought up. But it literally if you look at your list in the turtle word section got the top. It just says Jordan ankle face. Book turd shoutouts and just I did not know if it was really appropriate to bring to the show, but I wanted to let the gentleman know that I saw him good. Well, I remember if not everyone else hats off. Ankle. I don't know how you did it. But you did it. Yeah, he made a few submissions and some of them made the list because they were wall absurd not terribly mortifying but I will get some of those later. I want to start with the first one and if you guys will turn to that section. This one has a visual aid that you'll need this picture on on Facebook. Or mention wriggles fix podcast story says fugitive alert and this is from a from a face a police department's Facebook page. The Fugitive task force is looking for Ronnie Williams jr. Of Scottsville for fraud. He is convicted three local churches that he is Ed Sheeran and even went as far as performing the shape of you in front of Christ Community Church last Sunday when the pastor was asked why he believed the real Ed Sheeran would perform for $35 in a sandwich. He said he just assumed he had fell on tough times if you have Have any information as to Ronnies whereabouts message us immediately. Now, if you're not laughing yet go to facebook.com slash real quick podcast right now. The top picture will be a picture of this gentleman who I guess shares some stuff with Ed Sheeran, but not much. Okay. So like if Ed Sheeran had a meth addiction and also hasn't slept in five days. Yes, this is Ed Sheeran. I could see how people might buy it but only if he had been Rescued from an island or a raft for the past three months the sandwich at least ask for like a turkey dinner, you know look Ronnie. I know you're on the run and I know you're scared. Don't be come in you really haven't done anything. No one's going to throw the book at you. I wouldn't imagine you asked for you did sing. So you got $35 in a sandwich. You mean the seem like reasonable wages for a song. I hope that I hope you did a good job. A job the shape of you is not an easy song So hats off to you Ronnie, but you know, you can't go around telling everybody you're Ed Sheeran. That's the only thing I think it's more on the church members because a quick Google search. You'll know Ed Sheeran made the Forbes list last year as one of the top five paid performers. Why would he want $35 and the same as well? Like the Pastor said he figured he just fell on hard times that heart of times. Well, you know, I don't know. No, but I do know the sweet Ronnie is out there doing his best. And I know you're on the Run much like Gary Gary goes to local temples and pretends. He's you whoa. Whoa and does for her face because that just makes it a little too. I don't know you do you do go to it's a you go to a lot of places where you go to site. I you go you go to Temple you go to church and they say do the big board no noise. Yeah good to the big board noise sermons wriggle and you know, give me a sandwich in ago. Tell us more about journalist Gary and then you're like actually he's a good one. He's he's the smartest guy I ever met don't you Gary? Typical Gary? Why is it Gary vintage Gary ferric OC who contributed that on Facebook? All right. We got to move on. So this next one is from Kyle for trial for Kyle for Kyle Foie Kyle sends in a story from Galveston, Texas John Morales the actor who played the crime-fighting cartoon character and McGruff. The crime dog was sentenced to 16 years in prison summing from a 2011 arrest in which police seized 1,000 marijuana plants 27 weapons, including a grenade launcher and nine thousand rounds of ammunition from his home. The sentence was handed down Thursday. Just three days after the 41 year old actor pleaded guilty. He Stood during the sentencing hearing that he was nonviolent. But a US District Court judge said quote everything I read about you makes you seem like a scary person that's in like a fair assessment now. Usually you don't see marijuana plants and heavy Weaponry side by side unless you're a cartel of some sort, but he did have 1,000 1,000 marijuana plants and nine thousand rounds of ammunition. When I see that, I'm just like odd, Texas. What's that? Like because I feel like if he didn't have the marijuana they be like nah. Yeah, it's Texas. He's got 27 guns and nine thousand rounds ammo a grenade launcher. That's classic Texas. It's no problem one of those taxes. Yeah sounds like she moved to Texas and get a grenade launcher. I'd love to go to grenade launcher. Everything's of sweet if you fun for parties. Oh my God. Yes, especially out in Texas when you have a ranch just poop. Everybody look over there. Who's a good who's Chevy Tahoe? Is that the part that I'm alive man? I told you where to park that wasn't it? That's what I would use it for. I use it to blow up my friends Cars to make said come over my house for a party. Alright, so this guy's got a lot going on John Morales. It seems like you're paranoid and it's probably the it's probably the weed. Don't you think doesn't the we'd make you paranoid it can it or you know, maybe I don't smoke reefer. So I don't suffer from Reefer Madness, but let's talk of who are resident reefer expert Gary carry it can make you paranoid. Why are you guys looking at me like shit? Here we go, Mary. This isn't 2011 though. So maybe he was like when California weed is legal. I'll move my plants there and sell them. That's not how plants work. Well, here's the thing. I think if you're growing up if you're growing down and take a look all the all the best week comes Vancouver, right and they run it across the run across the Canadian border into the United States. Yeah into Montana and all these so and because there's not much criminality attached to it up in Canada now back in the day down in Texas and years growing this kind of this amount of we're going to prison Where you going to prison or now? You're dealing with cartels? Yeah that it'll shorten cartel. If you're in Texas and you got cartels that are eyeballing you and your business you might want to have 27 weapons and nine thousand rounds. So do you think he's a turd or you just think he's really mental status or slightly businessman before you pass that judgment. I think we're all overlooking the fact that this guy played McGruff the crime dog. I totally forgot about this gentleman who portrayed the let's take a bite out of crime character for my Childhood now, this all makes it Greater actually. Yes, that makes him a turd that is on the board. I appreciate it because your whole word you guys are doing a good job like Warriors going down the merits of the K. Yes, and I'm just sitting here going it was my garage. Yeah the grass you're a hundred percent, right? I had totally Let It Go bite Outta crime. I totally left out the lead. It sees McGruff. Yeah. Fuck this. He's on the board and he's staying there. He'll probably make top 10 at the end of the year. I'll be marking this. Good for sure, because you're only coming back. So thank you on that one too. Kyle Foie. Let's dial for Kyle Foie. Kyle Foie. Let's see here. I love that name. I don't know why I just had to say it a lot Kyle Foie. So we got a couple more. We got a couple here from George hankel and I think we should get to his because he was the gentleman that scarred me from the aforementioned clinical. What is up with? Hang cozy, what are you doing during the day besides finding all this stuff Hank Hill because you coddle you coming up a lot of stuff here. He's trying to go. That's all. Stockings. Yeah, he spent spent a lot of time finding it and putting it at facebook.com slash wriggles fix podcast and don't get me wrong Hinkle I commend you for it because I like the stories and they make for good podcast content, but you you scare me Hinkle boy Hinkle forth. Are you gonna have are you going to post an Instagram poll to see? Who's yes, we like hazel or for yeah, we need to do something like that. Take a look for pink hug before our sideline news reporter journalist. I tell you what, we're just gonna have to switch back and forth between the two remaining Hinkle and fully stories here. Yes, let's do it. Let's start with think all a man in Oregon is accused of staging an elaborate home invasion in an effort to cover up his theft of more than seven hundred dollars from his daughter's Girl Scout cookie sales according to Forest Grove police officers are not responded to a nine one one call about a possible break-in under assault. The man later admitted that the alleged incident was staged. They said in this the Forest Grove Police said in a statement investigators believe the father stayed to the interested in in order to conceal the theft of money belonging. Into a nonprofit organization that was spent inappropriately. It doesn't which I just like the phrasing of that. I wouldn't include it. It's just like out. What did he buy for $700? I'll say a big night at a gentlemen's club. I mean because it says inappropriately it was spent in appropriate and then he comes like this. I need that back. It's for my daughters. Are those Girl Scout cookie money and they're all like you're damn right? It was baby alone. Okay. No, no you misunderstand. Was actual girls gave me money. Oh shit my God. Yeah. I'm realizing that Every Girl Scout cookie name works for a stripper. Yeah. Oh, yeah thin mint and man Samoa asamoah my fav. Like there's chocolate peanut butter. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it does it all done. It all works sure does all right. So hang covid most high-end cars Ferrari true Lexus Maserati Mercedes land drink Lamborghini Lamborghini. Yeah Bugatti drinks, I goti that's a fancy dancer. If you were a stripper, what would your name be as a male stripper or females people both? Mmm. I like the car routine. Hmm. As male stripper it would be Dodge truck but I don't have this one on the list. But did you guys see the video that went viral recently of the stripper who was in a strip club that had like a 30-foot pole and she falls from Twitter. I saw that onto her face no gets up and keeps twerking. Yeah. I came out later. She had busted a bunch of teeth and maybe had some larger jaw issues in general, but in the video it takes her about what Chan a second to a second and a half thousand back quick. It's I haven't seen this video that you're speaking of but I have seen a lot of videos on what is it bar stool or you know, I don't even know what's Barstool but it's on it's on Instagram that I have all these sites but it's like people, you know walking down the street and then they get hit by a car or they get they you know, they they jump off they lean over a balcony to grab a beer and they fall off and I can't watch those. Is it look right? I panic I can all them I get scared. I don't want to see people get hurt like that and It's so violent and I just hated survival of the fittest fall off that Cliff what I say if you're over the age of 18 and you do that. Go ahead. Well, then, you know, what scares me I've seen a couple of these is these drunk girl videos? Oh my God, I was girls fall down the stairs or they try to dive into a snowbank head full of shit. Her face was fucked up like bloody everyone. It's so stupid. It's so sad. It's scary. I don't know. I just I mean, I think those are bad news, but I think what is going on here? as a man in Oregon stole 700 cash from the Girl Scout cookie sales and went for a big-time A big-time down. It's a Morgan strip club. And when he when he sobered up he realized oh shit. And so then he trashed his own house. Six-year-old daughter be like Daddy here. Have you seen my money for the Girl Scouts? Oh shit. Well, he got what he deserved because he got Stone Cold busted because he made a bad situation worse. Just go sell your plasma. Yeah. And use the cash to pay back pay suck it up man. Do the right thing. There's so many other things you could do before you stage or at least break some other shit in your house. So you get more money out of it. Come on. Well, you're giving you're giving them things. This gentleman has a homeowner's policy, which is hilarious. I mean, you don't even have renter's insurance like that. He's he is. Yeah. Well you give a lot of credit to her. Amanda Steele $700 from the girls got on his daughter. Yeah. Well, thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Ankle. Let's go back to foyer. Kyle Foie fat boy 36 year old Ohio woman was arrested last week when she repeatedly called nine one one to complain that her parents had cut off her cell phone service 36 years old officials in Stark County arrested this lady on February 13th after she called Regional dispatch demanding that they come to her house authorities didn't note what phone she used to call but It was told never to call again and she held back two hours later insisting. She felt the lack of a working phone was legitimate police matter court documents state that she was belligerent during the phone calls and the officers decided to arrest her on charges of disrupting Public Service a fourth degree felony could Christ in heaven. Let me ask this and I'm not trying to be smartypants here. It does she suffer mental illness or is she handicapped mentally challenged in any way it certainly doesn't suggest that in the articles. I was rishi's A 36-year old asshole. Yeah, she seems very spoiled and entitled and lays illusional for her age. Good good. She's arrested good. Yeah, fuck you get a job. Seriously. I love it. When I was 18. My parents said congratulations. Here's a $200 phone bill. Yeah. Yeah what I did I got a fucking job. That's right. That's right Chan and that's why you're a success now. And she's 36 years old and calling the police to get them involved because her parents won't pay her fucking phone bill anymore. You know how easy it is when I didn't want my parents to know who I was texting in high school. I got a prepaid cell phone from Walmart and use that use that are you sorry. You don't have a fucking iPhone. Yeah, there's all kinds of ways to solve your problem lady, but calling the cops ain't one of them Shambala hot burner. Take meds the middle. Yeah. We had a we had a it exposed nerve. Wow and chan chan a playing chanting havisham's he's been on the wire of the yeah. I have friends. I am 27 years old. I have friends that their parents. They're like, yeah, I'm self-sufficient. I mean my dad pays for my rent and like my phone and my insurance but also sufficient then but I pay for my groceries. I'm like what you're taught you're in your late 20s late 20s, if you're in college or fresh out I get it I get it. You need a you need a little baby step like my parents baby stepped our bills. Most people do get that. Most people get help in college and most people get a help a year or two out of college Max. Yeah, and then you have to stand on your own if I called my parents right now and was like my phone bill shut off. They'd be like, haha. Yeah, it's too bad. Okay, what happened? They've like, did you get fired from your job? It's just you're 36. How are you? 36 did you do you pay taxes? Do you know please pay your insurance? No, she don't have insurance. She's always trying to live off mom and dad but I think we got a we're presuming a lot to assume. She has any income. Yeah. Oh she and by the way, this is this is honor parents. Yeah, it is honor parents. This is fuck your parents. Well, I fuck your parents up until they cut her off because I find it kind of support that even better late than never. I guess they finally woke up and were like, oh she's never going to stop but you're the reason that Society has to put up with this bullshit now because you've literally fed the Beast for 36 years. They've had nothing they've literally I had to have no responsibility. They don't know how I have friends and don't know how to manage money now and I'm like, it's not hard. I know what this is. This is the problem on a bigger picture if you look at entitlements in general and that's why it's so hard. Once you give them it's so hard to take them back because people become dependent. Yep. It's just they just do they their skills or their desire their passion their ability to go out and work atrophies down to nothing. And so then when you take it away, they have a riot in the streets. So this this lady obviously has had has never been held accountable never had to do anything. She is a massive turd. So wet so steamy so juicy so thick and robust that she clogs the toilet so therefore Watch yeah, she's on the board. Boys getting crowded today the board is getting crowded today because there's a lot of turds in the world there are so thank you to Kyle for that one and we'll go to our last Hinkle and then you guys can choose and we'll set up that Instagram post as well two men have been arrested in Kentucky. After one of them ran naked say for shoes socks and a Halloween mask through a Walmart and filmed it you strip down inside the store wearing nothing but the Halloween bash shoes and socks scream that he was on fire. He was not and proceeded to shower and milk from the cold case. He's basically doing Ricky Bobby thing. Yeah, the police believe that the prank was planned. And of course it was because it was all filmed. It's all on tape. And this was somebody screwing around trying to be funny or get famous or what so I got to tell you I hear this and I see it's a streak. It's just it's a streak with Panache. Would you agree? Hmm. It is the modern-day streak. Ya jackass. It's a streak with Panache. I understand, you know. I don't think this guy's a turd necessarily now. I think he's an idiot, but it got turd and you know what it is. It's probably the parents if there were any kids in there. They're like, oh my God is that my son's happiness or whatever. Well, here's the thing. I saw streakers in the in the 70s and 80s. Yeah has baseball games at football games they streak and it's you know, it's what I see is funny. You just kind of go. Holy shit. Look at this guy, and then they tackle them and then they arrest him and he has to do the Walk of Shame off the field and everybody. Laughs. That's all. Them man, you know, I don't know what to say, but it's not going to shock the they're going to see Pete boobs and penises eventually. Yeah, it's the two things. I'm disappointed one. I wish that he had been on shrooms or acid and that was why it's probably just some high school or trying to get some Tick Tock video Fame. Yeah have some more originality to you. Don't still the Ricky Bobby thing. I appreciate a little yeah mix it up because that you know, I'm on fire is the Ricky Bobby. Yeah. Yeah did now tree Bobby did he pour milk on himself. I don't believe so. So that might be a his twist. I've been his waist and Ricky Bobby had tighty-whities on Venture. That's right rails, right? So the milk might have been his touch might have been his little signature add on to the I'm on fire again average average at best. Yeah, but he made use of the space a weird move that he wanted to go Instagram or you know internet famous, but he also didn't want his face associated with it. The Halloween mask. A lot of people are going to comment how tiny yeah possible. Especially, you know what, you know, the the people used to get thrown in this Fountain and Kansas University these get thrown in the fountain naked on their birthday. It was a thing people did anyway voluntarily or no start that Trend know but how many times did you hit this Fountain naked America doesn't need to know that I would come on but what would happen is you get thrown in the found naked and you? I have to run home, right? Well the secret to running across campus naked. As I learned don't cover your junk cover your face. Yeah, but you run into a tree. I always leave just enough. I ever your cover your face. Don't cover no smart cover your junk don't come because people will cover the junk everybody go. Oh, I know that guy. He's a zone. So if they don't see your face, they don't know. It's just all so naked dude right across the that's also the same thing. I told my niece's when they got cell phones. I was like because everyone says don't send nudes. I'm like, I don't care if you send nudes just don't have your face in them. Yeah, that's good advice. That is then if someone sends it that you can like that's not me. Yeah, totally just some advice I'd it's not good pancakes me regret the fact that I got that I'm Rob Riggle tattoo on my chest. Wow, and then another one right around my belt line is says definitely Rob Riggle now, I regret those. I'm like, why did I get ya? Did you just make a lot of bad decisions? Well live and learn live and learn this episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. We all love nerding out on stuff. We love right. You know what I love to nerd out about obviously the Braves the Falcons Cracker Barrel all the important things in life when it comes to finances. No one nerds out like nerd wallet. How do you know which credit card to choose or how much to put toward a down payment on a house when I have those kinds of questions. I trust the experts at nerd wallet. Real nerds make even the most complicated money question simple to understand plus their calculators and side-by-side comparisons. Help me make sense of my options for all your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com. Abercrombie knows there's no one way to be fierce. That's why they've Enlisted the help of a fierce range of athletes from world champion soccer player Megan Rapinoe to the NBA's Kyle kuzma to Olympic freestyle skier Gus Kenworthy to help spread the word on Fierce their iconic cologne known to last all day long with two new fragrances Fierce reserve and naturally Fierce joining the lineup of six cents. There is now truly a fragrance for everyone in the fierce family. Whether it's Fierce Blues clean and Casual just got out of the shower feeling Fierce confidence is alluring musk or the rugged athleticism of fierce Reserve. Abercrombie cologne is designed to give you an edge both on and off the field to learn more go to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce and don't forget to follow Abercrombie on Instagram to check out exclusive content with Rapinoe kuzma Kenworthy and more. There's no one way to be fierce. What else is going on Gary any sex offenders? Well, I don't know about that because we try not to make it that dark Rob good. However, I guess I'll go to a self-effacing one after that dark turn. This one was submitted by our good friend Ian Hill Gardener who submit stuff all the time and he'll Gardner Hill Gardner hyena. A lot of times. It fans just put links, but they can also write a comment and you know, we'll get to a couple like that later, but this one just said, Area with an exclamation point I don't appreciate that Ian because a couple lines into the store. You're going to hear the gentleman's name. It was clearly not me. So I don't appreciate the I've already liking this. I'm already liking this a lot. I'm not saying I don't find it funny according to the Tampa Bay Times police said people were alarmed when they saw a shirtless man driving with a two-year-old baby tucked between his legs on a motorcycle. They took pictures and called police Clearwater Police say that the officers tried to pull him over he took off speeding with the toddler between the man and the gas tank police had his license plate. So they let him go fearing a little boy would get hurt and they later contacted and arrested him on two felony charges neglect of a child and fleeing and eluding a police officer. Oh that makes my stomach turn right. I don't like being associated with this shitty in Hill Gardener. There are some friends I could see you riding a motorcycle with a baby wedge between you and the gas tank just I just saying Gary. I know I know sidecar. I guess if you put in your baby, what's that car safer? If you were had a sidecar I wouldn't even pull you over. That's not a turd. Just cool. I'm making a getaway. Yeah, this guy though is a big turd. Oh, yeah, the big hill maybe the bigger old to your I can't even I really scares the shit out of me to even think of what could have happened. Where is he from Florida? Where is he from got to be Tampa Bay Times. I'm gonna go with yes. Yeah. I don't think they're reporting on stuff outside their their friends friends. Listen, if we have listeners that are listening right now. They're in Florida. Listen. Thank you for listening. We love you, but But you got to do something about your state. It's out of fucking control. Yeah, every story we get Florida man, Florida man, Florida man, Florida man has become a national joke. It's just They're just down there living man. I mean is there is there like, is there a serious void? Like do they not teach decision making to the as judgment? Is there something about being yourself? Is it the Bermuda Triangles is extended to Florida over now, it covers Florida. Some people just go into this Vortex of stupidity and vanish. Thanks. Oh because I know did you ever go to Panama City Beach when you were in like yeah, cool. Yeah, you know how when you because I was stage. I was Station Pensacola sounds right? On the road. So that's where I used to go in college and high school. It's like when you go over the state line, there are no rules like I would do things. I would literally do things and not get in trouble. Like I and my brain was like, yeah, it's Florida. You're not gonna be Flawless. It's Lawless over here. It's just my friends and I in college built a hot tub in the back of a pickup truck in Panama City where she did it and drove around that's completely illegal and I would jump out. I don't know how it didn't die. But now as an adult I'm like what made me think and what cop would say that not pull us over. Yeah. Well, I don't know there. I think the cops are out gunned down there in Florida. This makes me angry though. Don't do that. Don't put your kid on a motorcycle. Yeah. I never that's the thing. I don't have problem with a jackass. No, they're good. They're everywhere and I've even probably been one myself, but you don't have to bring other people into the foolishness. Yeah. No, this is the this is definitely I mean there's parts of it that are funny at first but when you start thinking about it, it scares the scares me when I would see parents and Alabama have their kids their toddlers on four-wheelers and I'm like, what are you doing? Yeah, no exposed vehicles for a toddler. Just don't know exposed. No, it's my horses. No, nothing nothing. I'm stop had my son out in a public place in a stroller and I was it was giving me anxiety. Yeah, like I should crowded like Outdoor area or something. I just God I can't imagine now but you do ride a motorcycle really fast. And you do on occasion put children on their own babies babies Sarah's different. Well, so you're going when you go over to visit Sarah. Yeah. Are you going to take I'll be riding my hog, boy. Are you going to take the child though? Like me likes really at this point say I'm gonna go get some more beer. You know, I'm I take Junior listen until Juniors old enough to speak for himself. That's his mom's choice, but he'll be old enough one day and then it's up to him. I remember I had a cousin one time who just got a brand new Corvette and he let me take a ride with him and my dad was like have a fun ride and he crazy doesn't everyone have a story like that and I'm just trying to figure out who it's going to be for my son because I have one of those Story. I mean I got in this Corvette and He laid rubber everywhere. We went and we got going so fast. I was never more scared in my life. And we've got back to the house in one piece. I was like, I was trembling I think I was like 10 or 11 years old, you know, I was just I was just mortified but it was a Thrill Ride. I would definitely love to throw. I'm just glad I got out of a life. I feel like that was a rite of passage back in the day the yeah, somebody older who was cool quote on quote. Yeah, or at least he thought someone that ride started with just well and that your parents said. Yeah. Sure. Have it ever right? I was like, are you sure are you sure maybe I should stay here with you when you give your parents at look we like this is the time to say no like every other time you do it now. Yeah. Well, are you gonna do so, let's see we're going to put up the poll is to those two guys, but there was another story that came out of well you want pollen or you want another or Portland OR you want another Florida story? No, let's go viewer viewer mail, maybe. Oh, okay. Regular listener mail, so Stephanie Blaine had a good one that I wanted to highlight. She sent us a picture a drawn picture last week and she sent us another one. Again. Connor question is important question for you guys who would win in a fight? Meh squirrel from to work two weeks ago stirred nomination or death scorpion also best Alexis are in the new baby. And then she Drew us a picture of the mess squirrel fighting the death scorpion, which will be at facebook.com slash Regal sticks podcast it already is okay, by the way, Stefani, this is Beautiful solid gold. I absolutely love this. Your meth squirrel has foam coming out the side of its mouth and Raby eyes, but the death scorpion has got the look that almost looks exactly like the desk or be that tried to kill me and you know, what if I'm not mistaken, it's got a little something going on on the face, which might have been where you got it. Mmm. Yep. Yep. It even has my eyebrows. I would watch a cartoon about this. That's cool. That's cool versus desk quality looking at it. I'm like, I would totally watch a Tom and Jerry type of cartoon. I would ask this to I actually would watched escorpion and mess squirrel. I think that would be a fantastic. Who do you play on The Adult Swim our meth squirrel the scorpion? I'm the voice of meth squirrel now, I'm just working as everybody all our listeners know I survived a scorpion attack. You can find the picture of the desk Scorpion and question. All right. Page and that's real that's real. That thing tried to murder me in my in my own yard. It was only through Superior strength and quick action. Now I said my own life, but you all know that so to the point of This Woman's question. How would he have fared if mess squirrel it come along look a scorpion has poisoned and it has it has pincers and it has death on its mind meth squirrel is squirrels are already Spazzy and bouncy and jump all over God's green earth put method him. They're out of control. So if the Meth squirrel ever came close to the Scorpion just a death sting like I suffered but with the squirrel it would kill it instantly instantly. I think the squirrel Has the strength of Meth. Well, there's something about that and because I live in West Hollywood. I know about meth strength over there. Remember that one time Chandler and I were driving in West Hollywood and it completely nude man ran still have that video. Oh, yeah talked about that on this show we did. Well, yeah, so meth is alive and well and it does give you super strength. It really does and it makes you crazy. Yeah crazy to see here's the interesting thing. It could be both because I think a mess squirrel to your point. I think that the sting is going to kill the squirrel, but I think A squirrel is going to take two or three stings just through the adrenaline before it eventually goes down. So does it get desk scorpion while it is in the process of getting stink? They both end up dead does the pincers hold him at Bay does the Scorpion died after stings you or is that just a bee? I don't think that the stab a does. Okay, no more. Now. I have to take all this into account because I'm gonna go with the squirrel just because I feel like the Scorpion would be like, this is Is this thing's crazy and then be distracted and the squirrel would have no no boundaries. Yeah. Listen, Jan I get it. I hear what you're saying. This is a question as old as time this the people have debated this for Millennia meth squirrels versus desk or pians. So I you know, we're probably not going to come up with the the answer tonight, but you know get asked why would someone was holding a gun to my head like a desk or Pian? I would probably The Scorpion? Okay. Well, the only way to solve this is to go get both and have them fight in studio. That's a good point Gary. Can you arrange that? I'd rather like be a producer on the animated show. You got a point. Well, if we look at this goes to series I mean it doesn't it seems more entertaining than even watching the way you get a hundred Order series. We got a hundred Order series on this and by the way, I unite we'll never know because they can't die like one of them would be Tom and Jerry you can't let one died. Why they need each other and this eternal struggle of Life much like the Roadrunner the coyote that's why you keep tuning in because exact one day they have one days. Eventually the Scorpion will kill the squirrel and then the ghost of the squirrel will come back. That's fine. P-chan. He's going desk scorpion because yeah, he wants it to be legitimized. What do you mean? Oh because I was attacked by one and survived. Well how much and I'm going for the squirrel. Hmm. I hear what you guys are saying. I get it. You probably just having fun at my expense. But when you survive like I have when you're in a sir when you're a Survivor Gary Survivor, when you're a Survivor call yourself that yeah, Gary, I am. Okay. I'm a scorpion attack Survivor. Okay. Also a shark attack Survivor. That's true. That is true. You were attacked by some it. Was it a rattlesnake he tried to but I got the drop on him and smashed his head in. Okay, that's right. He did try to kill me. Again, thinking it you got to ask why all these animals are trying to kill you. Yeah, that's really good point. Maybe God sending me a message. No man. Will try to kill me I'm saying maybe maybe I'm not right with nature. Maybe I'm not right with God. I don't know why I say, I'm sorry every day, but you know when you can find out this coming Sunday. Yeah Global investigator. Oh shit. That's right. You know what? I ate a scorpion. CNN Global investigation. Yeah, it was payback. There you go. That could maybe that's what maybe that's what's up. You got bad karma in the Scorpion Community shit those scorpions out to get me the First episodes in Greece and I don't think anything attacked you there. Maybe just some good feta cheese. Yeah feta cheese attacked, but that was all right. I didn't mind that so much gelato. Yeah, that was damn good. We actually had more time in Greece by the way friends robber global. Her this Sunday, March 8th 10 p.m. Discovery Channel on right after Naked and Afraid don't want to miss it. It's the world premiere of the show Chan produced on the show. I was on the show and produced Gary sent us pictures of him naked didn't help us while we help did help but I mean comforting to know we thought about us. Well, it's good to know that he was still alive. Yeah, that's true and he kept asking us. Would you guys mind write me a letter for my PO? And I was like we're shooting a show right now Gary and he goes. Oh, yeah, I just shot something to and then he'd send us those nudes. Yeah. Anyway was off-putting but eventually proof read your letter. Yeah. Thanks guys. There's one another listener question. Yes what I feel like we always go to a new subjects. You'll stop beating on me. Wait, Gary. Everybody knows you're the nicest guy in the world and a family man, but we have to make sure people also think you do crystal meth. Nathan are shirtless all the time apparently and drunk. I appreciate it errand groped said hey Gary. Thanks for using mitered Award nominee. And thanks for the shout out last episode. It was pretty awesome. And I'm a huge fan of robbing the Empire podcast as well since I've also warmed up to Kansas Hoops. They've been on fire and actually think they have a decent final four shot. Looks like I might be riding with Rob again. Yes all this. Yes, very smart way to go Aaron, right? Anyway, here's another toward nominee for you guys. Also a quick discussion topic the Well, no longer send players for positive marijuana test if they agree to the new CBA, which has a 17th game added to the schedule no pain, no gain congrats to Sarah and thanks guys now we'll get to the turtle Award nominee in a second. But do you guys have any thoughts on the new CBA or I don't know about this sounds like a I don't know. It sounds weird. It sounds like some sort of there's some minor thing. That is that this guy's highlighting but the the big contentions here is they're going to get a lot more for the players a lot more money if they agree to a 17th regular season game, but they're like you can smoke pot. Yeah. Exactly. That's one of the things like a bribery. Yes. It seems like some sort of low-level. Yeah trick like a you know, or I don't know just feels gross. Yeah, describe it. Yeah. I don't think it should be contingent on. That it should just not be the rule. It's either the rules are not the rules make it don't make a contingent mean not the rule regardless, you know, it's you played 17 games. You can have all the pot you want. It's just no that's stupid. Like they're holding the players hostage. Yeah, it's dumb. But yeah, I don't know. So I just the 17-game seasons controversial. Listen, they're going to get a course they're going to they're going to they're going to give them money. They're going to give them pot. They're going to give them a lot of things but they're also going to punish their bodies so much. I don't know. Maybe it makes sense. It's up to the player to decide their own fate in their own future. But that seems like a lot of wear and tear on. Yeah, and it's going to be really interesting because whether or not they agree to it changes the entire way that the tag system works. So there are certain teams that right now have a franchise tag and a tent a transition tag, so they could lock up more guys with different kinds of tags. But if the CBA gets agreed to it changes and there's only like one tag per team. So they'll be they'll be big implications to the Free agent Market trades and all this stuff. It's it's really interesting. It's probably all happening is this episode is airing so I don't know. I don't know. I don't know interesting. You know, look I'm not opposed to change change generally can be a good thing. It's usually a good thing but when you talk about sports and you talk about all the records that are there and all the you know, there's you start to mess with things a little bit because now there's going to be a strict and there's going to and you change the landscape like you said and change the way Landscape sometimes it's necessary. But if it ain't broke why fix it, you know, and so I'm always leery about that. But look, I'm not one of those fixed minded people who's like no goddamn it. This is the way it is and it shouldn't change. We should no doubt at all things. Hold on a baseball fan. Yeah. Well things are always evolve and things always change and you have to be open to it and just make sure it's done the right way. And so if if it's tight if this idea is time has come it'll come it'll happen and we'll all have to deal with it, but I don't know. Unless they're unless they're really getting a sweetheart deal. I don't see why why do it. Yeah. I don't want the players to do it unless they all agree that they want to and they it's financially necessary, you know, as a fan I can make the argument of other week or two of football depending on how the by system works out isn't not the worst thing for me as a fan. But for these guys, it's much bigger implications totally. Alright, so this gentleman who asked the question Andy degroat he sent in this Turtle Ward store. Sorry, Jessica broom. Shire was caught on surveillance camera trying to get her way out of a lounge type area at the Montgomery County Jail in Dayton. So she basically did the move I've seen from the pictures where she goes over in the corner. She puts up a chair gets on top of that and then a trash can and tries to go through the drop ceiling like she's going to go across you know, right Breakfast Club exactly and she falls, you know, five feet later and is basically just you know, there's five cops sitting there at the bottom feel like a shirt. She's in serious trouble for attempting felony escape and it was very Vera seing in the video. Wow. What possessed you to make a run for it? Like what was the crime? She had was her crime didn't really say that I saw it. You know it obviously didn't regard her as a as a violent person or as a threat based on the room that they had her and she's in a very common area, but I'm going to guess she just wasn't in her right mind. I don't know if she's a turd. She sounds like an idiot. She definitely sounds like that. I just don't know. I don't know if she's a turd. You know what I mean, unless she stole seven hundred dollars in Girl Scout cookie money and you know went to a strip club. Hmm, then maybe this isn't Prison Break. Don't don't you're not being convicted of a terrible crime that you're going to go to prison forever. That's it. Why are you attempting to get out of jail? Right and if it was a misdemeanor or something like that? You're the biggest idiot on Earth. Yeah, honestly, unless you're going to the electric chair or to jail for life. I get it. Those are those are Escape people. Hmm, everybody else deal with it do your time don't do the crime. If you can't do the time that Beretta said at the gym, that's right. That's right. She's got a concussion and I love the cops just standing underneath her go just waiting for like where you going. We're going to follow you. We have radios. You can't outrun us and it's also it's like I would hate to be a cop in those moments of like, let's say you're hungover going to work the next day or you got in a fight with your wife or whatever and then someone pulled something like this and you're like really can I just have like a little bit of a normal morning? No. Nope. You can't That's I do empathize with cops a lot. Especially when I watch the you know cop shows and they have those belligerent prisoners and our people are bringing in that are you know want to fight and you know, they have to handcuff them. And yeah, there have two cops try to subdue him and hold him down and he spitting on them because that's all he can do is spit on so they put the spit bag over his head and have to strap him to a chair and have to leave him in a cell and you know, it looks it looks inhumane, but it's not I mean You want to do this guy's spitting and biting and you're not like most prisoners cop job is hard or not Hannibal Lecter. You're not smart enough to get out. Yeah, just chill out because my my I have family members that are cops and they say they're never worried about the loud belligerent ones because it just shows their intelligence their worried about the ones that are really quiet because they're smart and they're thinking of like, how do I get out of this type of situation? Ation, so just don't try to get just abide by the law. It's not yours. Its really simple, right? It's there for a reason. Yeah. Just how about the just do the right thing generally speaking and listen, if you can't do the right thing don't you know, I don't know if you don't like I said Beretta Beretta don't do the crime. If you can't do the time I got pulled over by a drunk check the other day the cops and la and I was coming home from eating tacos and I haven't I've been sober all year to that's another just random thing. And so I get pulled over and I had in my license. He's like we're just doing a check for everyone. He's like, have you had anything to drink? I was like no you had pills marijuana and it's like no and he handed back. My license is like thanks for being so Cooperative. He's like you wouldn't believe how many sober people what about getting a pissing match about it because they've been inconvenience for two seconds. Just give them your stuff and go on and do the business do the business be courteous. And you'll and they'll move along and if you got nothing to hide you got nothing to hide like it's it seems so simple the golden rule. We just need everybody needs to learn it again. What there's another one from Hideki pronounce it you wanted to do that search shirt what it is asking. What did it say? It says, I think you guys should do a Grandmaster shirt Grandmaster Rob kicking. You're falling Sarah laughing at him and Gary holding a beer on a shirt. LOL, I don't see why not wriggles fix Gary. What do you think? Well, I guess I should point out that Wade Meyer then commented underneath it Gary and shirt. Don't normally go together in a sentence but way to go Wade way to lay it down. Yeah, you scored on me. That's a truth bomb Gerry and I'm sorry if it hurts. You got me good crop tops and muscle tees only. That's it. Jae Hee if I do see Gary and a shirt. It's usually a mid-drift cut off at the mid-drift look like you're going to Venice. Speech it says honky-tonkin on the front genuine grow up in the South. That's weird. Gary like to go honky-tonkin a lot. He's always talking about it and is half shirt and it's just I don't know. I don't even know if I believe him because he's a he's clearly an L A guy but he loves your honky-tonkin. Fuck. Hey, you got Pizzazz man, but I do like the fact that he got this right. He said Grandmaster Rob. Kicking butt said or falling that doesn't make any sense. That's weird. None of this makes sense. I don't like any of it draw it up in Stephanie Blaine Stephanie playing delivered with these pictures. These pictures are so golden. Are we going to be able to put these up? Oh, yeah. These will be at the Facebook page right now. Tell me about that Facebook page again because I think some people just woke up facebook.com slash wriggles picks podcast, and you should also watch Rob Riggle Global investigator this Sunday. That shit's for real. Happening. Yeah, I'm going out and solving some of the world's biggest mysteries will post some details about that Premiere in the days leading up to it on the wriggles picks Facebook around a global around the globe people. God damn it. Just thinking about it right now. I'm getting excited. I might I might take my shirt off to Gary Nolan God. That was I think we're out of time. Oh darn. I was so close. All right. Well, hey, well, once again Chandler. Thank you for joining us. Thanks for having. Me guys, it's been also we had two weeks with Chandler here. It's been a real getting her back here and listen to her stories anything you need to promote or want to tell tell the people to this tune in to watch Global investigator because I was on as a producer and the writings help all of us. Keep a job. That's right. That's right. Maybe even a second season if we get it right tweet that you want us to tweet that Robin Discovery Channel places. You would like to see the second season take place. Yeah mystery. It's a mystery ideas to we're over we're open. I'll have some ideas. Oh God, Gary this better not be about your neighbors. Yeah, that's what it was mystery of why I don't own a shirt. Where's my meth? That's a mystery. I want solved. Where's my shirt? Where's my shirt? Where's my motorcycle is Mystery is why does your wife put up with you this long? That's one you that's an unsolvable one. Alright friends. Thanks for listening to wriggles picks. I'm Rob Riggle and Chandler and we got Gary journalist Gary. God bless them. All right. Thanks for forever