It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here.Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal and on the afternoon of August 29th 1992 as Spectators, watch the Filipino team celebrating on the field after a clobbering that are American opponents. They couldn't shake the uneasy feeling that something about the situation. Asian didn't feel quite right. Welcome to sports criminals apart cast original. This is third episode in our March Madness special this month. We're counting down the top 31 Sports candles from 1992 2020. I'm Carter Roy and I'm Tim Johnson in today's episode. We are going back to 1992 in the Little League World series Scandal Zamboanga City located on a small remote island in the Philippines is most famous for its canned sardine industry, but in 1992, it was the city's little league baseball team that caught the world's attention the team from Zamboanga Breeze through the World Series tournament demolishing everyone in its path until trouncing a squad from Long Beach, California in the championship game 15 to 4 aside from a gold medal in boxing 30 years before the boys victory. Scented the most significant athletic achievement in the country's history. They returned to the Philippines as Heroes where president Fidel Ramos through them a parade in the capital city and awarded them over 40,000 dollars in scholarship money. Nearly everyone in the country celebrated the team's Victory everyone except journalist. Almond Osa as a journalist. Mendoza's job was to tell the truth which wasn't always easy in a country like the Philippines 20 years. Before dictator Ferdinand Marcos had banned anything beyond state-sanctioned news and only recently after a regime change had independent news outlets resumed operation. Just a day after the team's Victory Parade Mendoza published a column in the daily Inquirer with the heading mothers. How old are your children? He not only cast doubt on the ages of the players from Zamboanga City, but whether they were actually from the small town as they claimed to qualify for the Little League World Series players must be between 10 and 12 years old and the player must live within the geographic boundary of the town or city that his or her team Represents, for example a boy from Austin Texas can't play on a team from Dallas 10 to 12 is also a tricky age because of the disparity and boys sizes an appearance at that age. Some have almost reached their adult height. While others are still under five feet tall to Mendoza and many others the Filipino players look too old and too poised for boys that age after he published his column the American Little League president facts to sheet of questions to his counterpart in the Philippines to confirm whether the Layers were the correct age and if they were all from Zamboanga City in his response, the Filipino little league president declared that all the players were of legal age. But admitted that several from outside Zamboanga City had been added to the roster because the original players weren't able or allowed to travel to the United States. He explained that Zamboanga City is a very rural area and that many of the boys were needed to work on their parents Farms others had been too afraid to I he also maintained that if the substitutions hadn't been made the original team from Zamboanga City would have beaten the Americans by twice as much but Days Later Mendoza and his colleagues revealed that excluding the eight players added to the roster from other cities the six players actually from Zamboanga City were all over age anywhere from 13 to 15 years old and had assumed the identities of younger boys in town. Not only that. The team had replaced their original manager with a coach from Manila a coach who couldn't even speak or understand the dialect used in Zamboanga City furthermore. The parents of the over-aged athletes had also assumed false identities in an effort to maintain the ruse, maybe the Little League Baseball Association could Overlook the replacement of a few kids who were too scared to fly, but when it came to systemic fraud perpetrated by multiple Generations, they had no But to strip the Filipino team of its title and award it to the boys from Long Beach. Four years Al Mendoza was considered a traitor someone who's reporting brought shame not only on the Filipino team, but the country itself one that has wrestled with its own difficult history of corruption and Scandal accustomed to corruption and lies from the most powerful politicians down to local youth sports. Coach has many Filipinos refuse to believe or acknowledge the cheating took place and instead blamed almond Dozer for the Fallout in this refusal to take Ability only served to reinforce the cycle of cheating because in 1993 one year after being stripped of its Championship yet. Another little league team from Zamboanga City was disqualified once again for using over-aged players. Thanks for listening to sports criminals. March Madness will be back tomorrow with next year's Scandal. You can catch our other episodes of sports criminals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts.