what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money guy on the internet Twitter on geek Course YouTube. Yeah, he's the guy bro. He is. He's the rapper. 15,000 for those who know no for those not part of the hundred plus K views also a living under a rock. Yes. Whoa. Oh, I love it. I love it. I love it boy you did. How old are you bro? I'm sorry y-you. Most known for I'm actually most known for Tick-Tock. Okay, I've been stuck. I win doing ticked off for like five months now five months five months. Mmm. What is the song rule is cloud cloud for those who don't know. Because those are all those rappers who read about Claudette they don't like loud boom. But yeah, we don't close our I would say me who you'll be like you're acting. Yeah, so maybe we just jump into the song first. Since we did, why is this song about what is cloud rule? Okay. Chloe is a big thing with Glory. It's like it's a big deal in our generation. Yes. Yes, you know Chloe you're going anyway, all these bitches out there. You're just so You four dimensions. Mmm. Hey, can you shut up my account? And like can you like take me I'm like what the fuck man damn damn, but what is actually closer attention right clothes actually attention to the cloud is basically High attention on making a sound. We just wanted to separate but he's quite important in this generation. Yes. Yes, yes. Yes. It's annoying, you know, okay, you're not coming to me for my own personality where they just want the attention. So good luck, bro. So when we talk to people we gonna do this podcast right go like why why would you do that? Then we would like my problem. I focus on I want to listen to that's why you want to do it. Yes, because ghosts want to hear your voice Ruby and then, you know the real then I heard a so that goes actually fangirl over you. I don't know. I don't know. This thing really? Yeah from I've never actually received angles because Google's tell me how how does he work? How did you how hard our Yorker how many like DM's do you what was the most number of the aims of you ever got I think it stops like I can't come across Like It's 1999 plus 99 plus good. My lies, but it goes are not like they can see I like 17 18. They are freaking show their art of euros and 13 you like. Yeah. I'm like bro. Don't go to jail, bro. Yeah. I know fucking good shit. twelve To go. Yeah, I don't mind. Well, I goes out Dave you even listening. Yes, hola something nice. Nice. We know you from the Twitter beef. Yes. I'm not gonna like, oh, I see that little explanation. You're not gonna lie. I don't follow your Tick Tock because like I only follow girls on Tick Tock your guy, right? I respect that. Hitler It was the first-ever Twitter viral beef that you remember actually way before Twitter not because actually changed me. Okay. Yeah, that was before it was my first you that was my first cringy video. Remember? Okay. Okay me taking out my ship Whoa, man. I ain't gon lie. I actually regret doing that. She is the video still up I deleted that video is still alright, yeah. Then I just come into the room going through the roof. Okay. Now you think that you after you coming here? Hmm. Bye Jesse like trigger warning trigger warning but as he liked it's a layer and I'm going to commit suicide just because of people like hitting on me for just Tick Tock. Yeah. Yeah, it's not what we do. But there was this video of you that you will be very serious like yeah would be very seriously because I was talking about all those are people out there that bullying is bullying all the other kids out there. Just trying to do your own thing just like being themselves, you know, it's very red these days to find people being themselves, you know. Yeah, of course, of course. Yeah, then like, I'm just speaking on this other PR other kids out there. They're just trying to do your own thing and all these booties are there they'd be like insulting or like hating hating on them. I fear has you should be stopped. Okay? Okay. I want to clarify you make the rumor that you want to commit suicide or because that's fucked up. So if yeah the rumor just donate your name, no, no. People scream record life flight is delayed. Yeah, you still like it. Yeah. I was looking like very serious said I was stuttering because I was talking about something like serious. And so I was like this guy is like, oh my God you guys go polycube serving. She water fuck if I did a video then I was like, okay. No, I won't go to bed and sleep. Give me the next day pop. Come on. Oh my God, so busy gorilla why he's going to kill his at what the fuck? You doing but you're just like just woke up. I know bit like what the fuck is that? Oh my God for me in general for me. It doesn't matter as long. I know it's true as my close friends is true. I don't care. What is nice. How do you do? This is such a young age. It's such a shame. You handled the femur. Hmm. I'll give you this but what do you know like the views are from Singapore girl from overseas? Okay. Okay. So like what is the like the first video that you pop first video first video? Let me pop. It's like don't stop videos where the text will come on. Always she yeah those days what was pointing? I forgot he's like because my horoscope is Leo. This is my books off early or do you do did it yy-you should not the only boy did you do? It sounds like from very our first big dog blew up was also a width in. Yeah, we blew up 15K. He blew up hundred kids and Ricky bro. If you post to talk now overnight you think how many views that's a stupid drinking water? Oh my God, 28g. Why should I see? So this Lounge is not going to support so it's The Parting rule. Like do you really get Slipknot bro. Now maze is a personal matter for me. I don't think like it when he thought about it, you know, okay, whenever guys later. Yeah Mike I want to understand why such rumors can just appears out of nowhere. The road is guys shit. Ho ho how to make room. Did you pursue free peoples are free because I just do free to do the only people I really do, you know, this guy named Gary Vee. Gee, he's like a motivational speaker thing. It's so that one of The Tick-Tock has were like she gets love here this end there and then his reply to that was I think you liked the video or something. It was something like to tell her go. Yeah Charlie the Charlie go. So his reply was something like if people are hating on you. They are taking time out of their precious lives to like hit on you so you should feel bad for them because that means they are in a bad place again. Yeah soon as you feel. Why do you have a blueprint of creating a Ramona cause I do not show. So now you can just see some stupid. She hit on me in detail and then you baby popular. Yeah, it's like five k DT. So how many characters is called turning 21 Kano? You caught me it was it was uh, yeah. So you do this all over Pizza like what are you doing? You're ticked off. The the inspiration comes behind The Tick Tock, right? For fun or let you place your fine. It's all fine. It's like for is actually a chain from him from us, but you can't do that shit in Singapore mean. There's this haters something got to do if our community ideas they don't like just a political level and only people who like really they are fucking toxic. I he did he did they are you catch. Um anybody For no fucking reason. No, I mean, I recently there was the Wi-Fi. Yeah yesterday. People just mind their own fucking business. He's inside. He don't don't go in my life. Yeah, so we'll be one from Twitter Tick Tock that I think it's time to go to the Q&A area. Yeah, if you're doing evil, so we possible. Can you maybe can go back? Okay first line. I just go on Instagram and ask questions that already yeah. Yeah, for those of you who are listening. We are also doing a Instagram life also at the same time. Yes, but like yeah, so we posted her story on our randomly with SS G saying questions for Dan. Uh-huh. So yeah, it was you blew up our first question. We will not some questions. We will not ask because yes, there will be Adobe EP we never thought why is rapping I said, yeah, we're going to start really know after my next singer is going to be dropped much and on much after day. I'm going to drop a EP with like probably four or five songs in it. Okay. What was it you be elbow? I don't just design something like songs that consist maybe 4 5 6 OK albums are more books like ten is one song. You guys will be repping game all I rapping seen in Singapore right now. The younger younger Raposa. Who do you look up to know she look up to these fish? Especially one of my same crew is me Oki in the now and fees for me the MC. So basically one clue they helped me out in my music. Okay? Yeah, and I really look up to fish because he's he's just bombing. His songs are good. Hmm, shutout fees fees in dopamine dopamine in the now, you know one of us, So I'm just sayin if you say yes, if you're not kill them you say no if you got no comment. Yes. Okay, I okay be the Bunga big dick Bangla fire. Yes. Nicole god wow He is that my songs and he sang songs to see we used to talk. We used to talk but we stopped talking. I don't know. I'm supposed I'm actually so I was supposed to go to his Studio he's gonna be able to do it, but he didn't. So like newcomen commencement exam exam Nice To Go. Whoo. Nick's been you boy. Thank you. Boy. Your thank you boy. Shout out to you blows bang the way you sure. Yeah. He always has an origin is a good one or not to show who's inside La that's the group. I know, you know it goes they used to hit on me. Really? I always this is I heard from people like was I actually did that with the when my when I start God train when I try got changed. Yeah, I did that with them because they see that you are so it's been rumors again since I just started music and the whole see we we don't really we haven't even talked. Hmm me Enrico's know. I didn't really talk to me that much right place yet, but hopefully I get to know each one of them and okay, I'm not gonna start any Even though she I just want to you know make is this too much. Nah, you know, ah if this is too much then just say next. Yeah, this is yeah, but I just want to be friends with everybody. You know, let's pray positivity best by the day. That's what I'm all about. I'll be happy Moya. Don't know I know is that I dry baby. He's on the spot later. Yeah, he sounds great quite funny Cliff IL go for you. Who else she went off. He she went off. Yeah. Haha, you don't know who is he is the the one that dropped two songs are about about the same time as our equation. Yeah. Thank you fiction. I actually just like slowly switch out on local music because before these have been really like looking up to all the overseas. Hmm. She look up to Travis scribing a lot. Yeah, he's my idol his stage presence and I just got me like Hector. Do you do you want to ever have your own like concert all I know not consider your own performance Le? Yes, sir. Like one demon. I'm gonna To bring like oh my hot coffee and a lot of those fans out there from Bobby Malaysia initiative in Singapore Singapore, especially maybe maybe in a few years time. I don't know. I just started. So like maybe I'm just going to make a show for myself. Like no may I show then I got a lot of things playing like maybe do Tick-Tock together. Keep it to myself. You know, I did tick tock tick tock media who I am today. So yeah, I'm just gonna select we are not finishing this week on ask questions. I need to see my here. Why did you jump on Tick-Tock when people thought it was lame and cringy? Why did you make the jump or why do you download it and continue posting videos? Because I like to meet this man. Okay, but really I was the real reason like just for fun is it or when you start at the top? And let me just finish our next question. The next question is why did you start rapping and was your inspiration? Yeah, he just answered. It was Travis Carter. Yeah. She always nicely actually very I was very interesting read for like why sometimes was before Tito. Mmm and before the towers like right mm. Oh so okay, but at the time I had no one to help me, you know, so like, you know what they just drop this shit. I ain't gonna write anymore. Just go. Sorry II saw picked up and download it after I download it. I became like, okay. Today popular heroes are yeah. I rose up five five five months five months 15 people's 15K on your dick. Do you know where your light is curved user? Total number like sold? 350 G 350 K. Yeah. Okay. Well your views. Get up Mickey this before lucky. I was like four five six. Okay. Okay Andrea hand and we are pro bono. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, did he really do know how to emphasize be yourself? Like you don't don't go to see right through the ice. Don't come like impressing others is like this be happy. Don't don't care what people say Just Do Your Own Thing as long as you're happy as not use are we coordinating the happy? Okay. Yeah really great visor is in off click or diffuse Femme SG. Oh shit. Okay, what is it softly? And you say Tick-Tock influences, okay inferences that from what I did, you know people do hardcore Tick-Tock us or they'll be full of coal. Okay, Gautam one video with three videos a day. Is it? Yeah. Okay. So are you in any of those? But of any of clearly are not perfectly anymore because I was not really actively this is the kind of technical it keep me out. Hmm. Yes, of course. I was not really committed to the whole tick tock tick tock thing cause I was like, she I'm getting here now why you expect me to do dick to ya about Hitler. Nice. Nice. Nice. You have a girlfriend. Nah, this is he Lord has a loaded. Do you have a girlfriend? No, no, sir. I got no girlfriend. Are you contacting anybody? I don't know. Okay, someone wants your number. This one number that is not your parents about your career music your music career Korean music. They are like, I don't know because I think they should know that I've been doing music, but it just don't they just want to like come from me but music because they don't like for you don't like this. My dream in here because no kid never liked School me. Why you doing this? Obviously what you say bitch in your songs all day, but like ya know they are supportive in like just tell me to be who I am just do it. At least they're not like bringing you down. How do you deal with all the heater? There's one of the questions are how do you figure there's the biggest question? How are you? How you doing here the whole Community being against you? You're 17 years old. You just started school. Mmm. You got so much. You got a lot of Fame coming into school and you got a lot of hate coming into school. Yes, how how do you handle it? Yeah. I just concentrate on the love. I get I don't give a fuck about all the hate going on around me because you know, I'm having fun in my life one. What you doing? What you doing? Yo, you're legit. You're hitting on a 17 year old boy. I got hit. 20:21 really should get a job in like you to get a living. You know, I'm being I'm 17. I'm still in school during school. I'm having fun with my friends and she like yeah, don't go hitting on me. When yeah, that's really good advice. That is really I really want to ask the people out there is why you hating on me? Honestly, I don't we invite you to ask you. Why do you think on? Yeah, why do you think you're hitting on me? Maybe one day I took all my shit, honestly. You know, you're going to Kia the views and likes help yellow, you know, you know people say that social media is toxic there. Are you guys still here is suffering. Do you like you're not. Sorry. What do you mean do you like all day all day? LOL social media people see the social media is making youth-led, you know. Wow. You're coming from I think the delusional but quite cool to see what you see. Yeah, that's only my body. My body is like delusional at it's like Trimble is okay because sometimes it's unrealistic. Yeah, if you work hard enough, you'll get it, right? Yeah, right if you go, I just think about like yourself just being a no one it's not it's not gonna do any good, you know continue with you, but I really appreciate my producer Dan of hmm. He's been a great sport. Shut up to him. Shut up to either now. So to fees for me you to help me give me a chance to prove myself and I came to the studio with My My lyrics with me. My phone and I don't my own Vegas. I dropped my own songs night. I so if I got seven songs he oh really? Yeah. Oh, but only one one out of have to like hyper clothes last question each other first. Try this one. Train, do you have a question? Hmm. You are very influential. You're quite young you very influential and like what do you have to say to to your followers or to your loyal fans or people who are going through something currently right now all the heat. You know, what do you what do you have to tell them to keep continue keeping positive in everything what you have to tell them? I just want to say matter how old you are how young you are don't give a shit man. You just can't emphasize this match, but But be yourself yourself yourself. This is just so simple. Don't don't go and just like this one that you're not just like yeah, beautiful visor grave is really that it is here loser Tito account. Get this fear, even as you like anything anything then we scale clowns. I hate clowns. They don't don't don't worry. Don't be varying like a clown's costume when I running out to Vegas. I'm gonna run. Okay, so what do you think? In five years ago when you had we need to be doing to Iran. But yeah in the are you oh my music career actually goes off because I'm really passionate about this. Fuck all those people say that I'm doing it for clock because I'm doing it because my best friend is your engine revving. I love I love red. Hmm since I was like Jamie to me goes better and we G me those type of do I lie? I ain't gonna lie. I love those. - I remember like if it does for me, there's no matter what you say in the track. Maybe sometimes it's more of like what you give the fans how you emotion emotion to give you the height. We give you an influencer router. I mean I give you both one through seven teams are probably gonna start you to do everything, you know Life's too short for you going to die from Wuhan and shit. Oh fuck so just No, no, I'm fine. I'm fine odori. So thank you again for coming and roll accepting our invitation for coming 75 years. Follow follow you at it? And I hope you guys give you a decent don't don't like don't like thinking don't like, you know hit on me. Hmm, like try to like accept me as like, so if you get if you really like hit me just come just come out to me and just talk to me. Just hit me up or for any severe. Yeah, I will talk to you as a normal guy. I don't feel like I ever spent. I don't like to feel like I'm popular I don't feel like a normal boy. I like doing my own thing. You know what I do music and she I just want to have a normal life, you know, which I cannot get lie anymore. I know I cannot walk in the streets like you don't anyone like looking at me and cuddle and guy so stay you know, it's good I cut you off. Sorry, sweetie. For the last week if I guess two lines are two lines are your favorite life cycle of the lucky one. I would say no. It's interesting for the money bitch. I know believe me. I will shoot you in my Hundred mate you bitches of me of the Melina nothing. They should for sure thing or else he'd be chilling in a winning streak Ah, that's nice is nice. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much bro for listening and for listening and thanks so much for being here and talking to us. fo sho After this you do an exclusive and be like talk to the jester camera. Let's go now we can close this by right. Thanks, man. You guys you guys been a great support like yeah, of course, of course, of course, we want to support local artists laughing. Whee. Yeah. Number one. Your cousin's normal people. Are we understand our support now more people believe he's dead for sure. Hi die review. Thank you guys for listening follow us on the really relatable SGA. Sorry randomly relatable. Underscore is G on Instagram or Tick-Tock or on YouTube on Facebook and Twitter. It's a podcast and join our Telugu. Yes, and then for sure are you going to join a telegram group? Yes, sir. All right, so day for sure. He's gonna be in the telegram group. Thank you guys. Bye. Bye.