I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and all in one place anchor will dropDistribute that podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m welcome everyone to Monday match analysis. I'm Gil gross Nadal and Djokovic return and take titles in Dubai in Acapulco taking care of business. I'll talk about that Jeff salts and steam will join the program. I want to do more and more of this. I will be more and more of this but this will be a longer episode of Monday match analysis because I do have a guest and Again, I want to stress that I want to do this more often French Open Power Rankings, the first edition of the French Open Power Rankings. I will reveal it feels a little bit silly because we're not playing on Clay yet, but the people want it I will deliver and then we will get to comment response at the end so much to get into the thumbnail is split between Djokovic and Nadal Nadal rocking the Acapulco Sombrero for the third time in his career. Career Djokovic fired up playing Dubai for the first time in a couple of years. He's he hasn't played there in a bit and he returns in fashion. Got a lot of crowd support this week. I felt maybe I'm crazy. I thought so we will start with Novak Djokovic. I'll discuss his final with Stefano Ceci pass. It was a straight set victory for Djokovic that was reminiscent of some of the other Therese that he's had recently in the last year or so where I didn't see this as a dominant victory for Djokovic, I think that there were times in the match where CT pause seemed like the better player, but he could not use that and take advantage and get out to a lead. It felt like he was putting more pressure on Djokovic than Djokovic was putting pressure on him. But in the latter stages of the first set even though TT. Josh was a bit sharper. He could not get that break advantage and it was Djokovic at 3:40 teapot serving. It was Djokovic who was the first to actually get that break a couple good points for Djokovic TT pass missed a couple for hands in that game. And then at 30 40 breakpoint Novak had an incredible and spectacular sliding backhand pass that really Not a lot of players if any could have pulled off so it looked like when I was watching that point, I thought what a beautiful breakpoint save this is about to be and just like that Djokovic takes it away from Stefanos. It was the best shot that he had hit all set. It was the first backhand winner. He had hit in the entire set and I want to stress that Djokovic was not spectacular in this first set by any stretch of the imagination, but he pulled it out TT pastas someone One who has had a fair fair bit of success against Djokovic on on a few occasions and I felt that Novak for the first time was able to exploit one of TT pastas weaknesses and specifically that is something I want to show via slides. So this is just a good second serve return here Djokovic getting up above his shoulders. And by the way, I feel like I'm a little bit quiet if I'm looking at my level, so I'm going to up my mic a little bit Up the Volume testing. There we go. I felt that Djokovic returned really well in this match and that there were periods of times where TT Poss got a couple laces got a couple of free points, but I think if you look at the Games where Djokovic broke Stefanos though. There was the returning was really strong from Djokovic and got the better of TT pause. Here's a big Point 15 30 second server. Turn a really good second serve that jumps above Djokovic his shoulders but Novak is so strong above his shoulders with the to handers. He hits a good return here. It's deep. It's pretty strong tea tea pots rallies Djokovic goes with the forehand. But what I want to point out, is that Novak I thought added a little bit of shape and topspin on his ground strokes when attacking the TT pause backhand and he's done that in the past. I mean Djokovic has attacked TT pastas backhand in the past, but in my opinion not properly something that Sasha's Vera has done really well against TT pots is Vera. I think has I'm pretty sure it's a positive head-to-head against CT pass. Is he hits with heavy topspin and shape to Stefanos has backhand when you get it above shoulder level. He doesn't handle it all that. Well Djokovic naturally is a player who doesn't have a lot of variety in his Heights and even his spins off the ground. He's someone who And I think this has hurt him against your stand for Franco's of the world. He just doesn't mix it up all that much compared to certainly Federer and Nadal. For example. But in this match, I felt like he employed some variety extra shape extra topspin. Here's the next shot in the rally a backhand, right and you see how this for hand from. Excuse me. You see all this for hand from Djokovic kicks up high on Stef. Look where it is at contact Stefanos is a tall guy six-foot-four. He's hitting the shoulder height. He's not that strong yet at shoulder height. I don't know if he'll ever get there, but he doesn't have you know, I think that I think that Federal got better when he flattened it out and maybe TT pasta needs to work on that when it's high on Federer. He either slices it or Federer flattens it out but for a while for a while Federer was a little bit weak above the shoulders and I think he's sorted that out in 2017. Varenka is so darn strong that he's just really good above his shoulders TT postures isn't there yet. Look at the next backhand from Djokovic. Look at that neck clearance. That's like four feet or more. Maybe five feet of net clearance and heavy topspin on the joke of its back and not how joke of it's usually hits his backhand, but he did it really nicely against CT pause and look the next ball. He can attack inside in with the forehand down the line because the incoming ball is just a little bit weak. So he does that so good a good job from Djokovic. Another thing. That was very apparent. Aren't all week for Djokovic was the Drop shots. Especially on the backhand Novak doesn't have much of a forehand drop shot. But his backhand drop-shot has always been something to watch out for he likes to hit it down the line more so than cross-court but here's an instance where he goes cross-court the disguises good because it kind of looks like a slice backhand. But it's not it's a drop shot across Court drop shot. And TT Poss doesn't return this Djokovic was really good with the backhand drop-shot throughout the week in Dubai. It was very apparent especially against Karen hatch and oven. Let's be real. I mean Karen hatching off. Is not you know, he doesn't have the best feel he's not tremendous at the net. So it was a really good play against someone who you don't really want to give Rhythm from the Baseline because hatching off can hurt Djokovic with his power Djokovic turned it into more of a cat and mouse game brought him to the net and you know made him dig out lowballs Continental grip coming in exposed hatching offs. Quickness, or maybe his first step isn't as quick. So he did that really well, by the way, I think Drop shots work pretty well against CT pots too because I don't think his drop-shot retrieval is all that great. I think he gets there. I just don't think he's all that creative with his feel once he gets there. I think normally he punches it deep and you can get a good look at the pass. But I think why this is important for Djokovic is his backhand isn't all that big. His forehand is bigger than his backhand. It's a point. I like to emphasize because when you talk about Djokovic, you naturally talk about the backhand the back end isn't as big as the forehand. But if you can have players weary of the drop shot, which means they can't really hang back. They can't drop back too far because they're worried about the drop shot. And sometimes you have them kind of staying on their front toes instead of getting on their heels waiting to defend laterally if when Djokovic mixes in the drop shot, he makes his drives that much more potent when he does decide to drive the back end that much more potent if you Allow players to really drop back. And take a defensive posture. So it's a really good play for Djokovic and and we'll see if he continues to use it to success. I have a feeling he will it's just just a really good offensive weapon. And sometimes he gets himself into trouble trying to end points too quickly. Certainly we've seen that against Nadal in Rome. That's one big example where Djokovic just seemed too weary to really dig in and suffer with Nadal and was going to the drop shot. Was a disaster for him and we'll monitor that will monitor that. Okay. Those are the main points with Djokovic again. He elevated in the big moments there and seats possibly a couple loose games. But this was a strange match that it just felt like it was even even even and all of a sudden Djokovic would just kind of flip things and grab a late break. It was weird. But like I don't think that Djokovic outplayed CT pass to a great extent in this match. I just think he was better when it counted. And that's just become a common theme and it's it's it's incredible that he continues to be able to do this. And then the the mon fils match Gail was playing so well so so well in this match but Monfils choked he did he choked and of the second set in the tiebreak three match points small fish choked, and then he ran out of gas mon fils will run out of gas. He will that's what's going to happen. That's why I think he's a big-time threatened best to 3 with the way he's playing but he's not a threat and best-of-five. That's my take on Gael Monfils right now. I think he's a massive threat at Indian Wells and Miami just not in best-of-five because I think his gas tank is too big an issue and best-of-five. I'll let's move on to Nadal had an easier path compared to Djokovic didn't play Someone Like TT pause in the final. He played Taylor Fritz, you know, don't don't don't get mad at me for saying that Djokovic won. Tokyo didn't play any one last year. So this was a little bit similar where and the reason I bring attention to it is because it's hard to get a lot of big-time takeaways from a From a week unless these guys are really challenged. I mean when it's hard to have takeaways from a first or second-round match where someone wins, you know, three and three or three and one or something like that. It's hard to have takeaways because some players just aren't good enough to really push these guys and that's how it is for Anna doll. That was somewhat the case this week. I will say this against Taylor Fritz. I have a couple points to make one. This match against Fritz was the most I've seen Nadal willing to run and defend on a hard court as a game plan in a really long time. It was truly Nadal's game plan. To look to extract errors out of Fritz with his defense. I have not seen that on a hard court in a very long time. It tells me Nadal is feeling great. Physically, I believe he is based on how he was playing. It was a bit of a throwback performance from Nadal. He was winning a lot of points scrambling on a hard court. I have not seen that in a bit. I've seen it in spurts when he needs to Medvedev in the US Open final. Sure Djokovic 18 Up, you know was he was he doing a fair bit of Defending and having a having some success in that match sure. But as a game plan, it's been a while since I've seen the doll comfortable enough to be like, you know what I don't think the best way to beat this guy is dictating. I'm going to win with my defense. Especially on the return games. That's what Nadal did in this match. Fritz had massive trouble with the returned I mean massive trouble was not returning second serves well enough to win the match and Taylor wasn't very calm seemed on edge seem frustrated on serve in the first set. He already looked like he was losing its a problem for its works very hard. He is very professional but this was a case where he seemed pretty overwhelmed and he didn't really seem to have his head on straight because when you are panicking on serve in the first set you Are sending a message across the court that that you're in trouble where he shouldn't have. He shouldn't have felt that way. One thing I want to point out is that Fritz was was trying to take the ball on the rise, but became very predictable on his backing on his backhand and the doll was eating him up eating him up because Fritz was not taking his backhand down the line. I've pointed this out with Djokovic. I've pointed this out with phanie. There are a few players who are able to not only take Nadal's topspin forehand and it's got more topspin than anyone on tour. Not only And they take it on the rise take it early, but they can change direction at the same time requires. Incredible Talent requires incredible timing, but if you can't do it and you take the ball on the rise and the doll will eat you up as long as his down. The line forehand is working and is down the line forehand was working in this match. So I saw a lot of high loopy defensive for hands Cross Court from Nadal. And Fritz would step in this one was a return fridge would step in and take it on the rise. That's what he needs to do play offensive. But look at Nadal just camp in the corner here. He's not only is he not recovered to the middle? Maybe I don't think he had time to anyway, but he's literally leaning to his left. He saying Fritz is taking this off the Hop. And at this point in the second set and the doll just knew he's not redirecting this he's gone back Cross Court and the dolls waiting there and now he's going to redirect that's a clean winner. It's a tactic Nadal had tons of success on with in this match and it goes back to how willing he was to defend because there was so much High loopy cross-court and turning defense into offense against Fritz how we got most of his brakes a served. It's been a while since I've seen it on a hard court. Excuse me. So positive signs from the dollar. So now I want to turn it to an interview. I did a little bit earlier today with Jeff salt and Steen. There's a couple things I love about talking to Jeff one. Is he brings a perspective from someone who's been on the tour for think close to if not, 10 years close to 10 years someone who's been in the top 100 someone who has played the best players in the world. So he brings that perspective and You also always says how he feels and does not sugarcoat it even if he has unconventional views. So I think you'll enjoy this Jeff Saul's and Steen is the founder of tennis Evolution and a former top 100 pro. Here you go, Jeff Saul's and Steen. Thank you so much for coming on long time. No speak but people have been clamoring for for us to get back together and rekindle these conversations. It's yeah, it's great excitement. You you're like my you're like my little brother on YouTube. I feel I feel like a kindred spirit with our passion for the game the way we see the game when I initially reached out to you a year or so ago. I just I love the work that you're doing for a guy who didn't play at the highest level of the game. I know, you know, you know the game very well and you deserve to get all of the accolades that you've been getting. So thanks for having. On your show and a part of this video today I missed you too. Thanks for that. So I've been on we'll do some again. Well, no some lives again. Yeah, I've been on your channel many times. This is the first time you've come on mine. So let's let's have you introduced yourself to sure. I'm sure most of our audience has the same people but for the police for those who are not tell us about what you do at at tennis Evolution and Racket fit and all that. Sure. So I'm going to start with a quick story. Tori when I was 19 years old, I tell people and it's the truth. I had one of if not the worst serves in college tennis. I played number five for Stanford. I'm repping Stanford today. It's cold here in Denver. So I got the beanie on but 19 years old. I had a crappy serve. I went home one summer. I modeled Goron even east of itch who's now coaching Djokovic. He had the biggest serve Lefty server the time. I'm a lefty and something miraculous happened. I added 20 miles an hour. Out of my serve. I don't know how I did it. I went back to Stanford. The coaches were like what the heck happened and I did up playing to at Stanford my sophomore year. The number one my Junior and Senior year went to national titles there and allowed me to play pro tennis and four years after I transform my serve. I found myself playing Michael Chang at the US Open in front of 24,000 people and really we're going to really fast forward. This here is an entertaining match one of probably the highlights of my career you can I find it on YouTube if you want to look but I was destined to move up. The ladder of the ATP Tour. I was a hundred and fifty in the world at the time and three months after that. I had an injury to my ankle that was misdiagnosed for the better part of a year. I ended up having ankle surgery and knee surgery by the age of 25 and I came back from that and broke the top 100 in the world for the first time at the age of 30. I became obsessed with all things performance mental technique footwork movement athletic. Women's nutrition and that set the stage for later. You know, I played 11 years on the tour grinded as a quote-unquote journeyman playing some of the best players in the world. I practiced with Sampras and Federer and I played against some of the best but I created tennis Evolution this online platform where I'm super passionate about teaching players how to play the game like really how to play the game the right way and inefficient way that maybe has being lost out there. So I just try to cut to the chase. And help a lot of people get better at tennis and I love it. And I love performance. And I love helping people transform their lives in their tennis. Yeah. I haven't actually heard that story in full. It's funny because for me, I think what made me such a tennis intellect. So to speak is that I was smaller than most of my opponents. So I felt like I needed that and you know, some of it that that's not all of it but a part of it is that for you do you think your injuries Made you such a you know kind of the coach type. Yeah, I went to my first yoga class when I was 23 years old because the ankle had lost flexibility and Mobility. So when you see all these injuries out there on the tour, I just I hurt for them because I'm like I went through it and I went through it 25 years ago 23 years ago now I'm 46 now and these injuries shaped who I am. They helped me to really go deep into why my body was breaking down why I was 150 in the world instead of 50 in the world. What a drafter and Sampras and Agassi and philippoussis. What were these guys doing with their bodies with their minds with their technique that I wasn't taught coming from Little Colorado, you know, I wasn't supposed to be a pro tennis player and somehow I found myself on the big stage in many moments, which was quite interesting and it really set this for me to be I think one of the better coaches out there because I was analytical eye. Cerebro, I wanted answers and it's that deep passion for the game as a player and as a coach that I try to instill in everyone that I have a chance to touch whether it's online or in person. Yeah, you do a great job with that. Your YouTube channel is called tennis Evolution. You do tactical breakdowns a lot of the time tying it to the Pro Tour and and I think it's it's really good for people who play and want to take what the the pros are actually doing and apply it to their own games regardless of their level or if you don't play you learn kind of another layer the technical layer of what's going on in the pros. So let's let's jump to the tour du by Acapulco. We'll talk about Federal a little bit and his his meniscus surgery. I want to get your take on that. So let's see Nadal Djokovic. Who should we start with? What do you think? I know? No, it's let's go with let's go ahead now. Let's go from the top. Ok, so he had an easier path in Acapulco than Djokovic did but it seemed like he was a little bit fatigued at the Australian Open bowed out there to Dominic team. What jumped off for me for Nadal was I haven't seen him in a while so willing to defend and on a hard court and his movement looked really good to me. I thought he had his energy back. Back. Yeah, so a couple I have a couple of comments, of course a couple of takes with an adult and people I think are overlooking this. I don't know Gil if you've talked about this, but with Dominique that match with Dominic team, I was a fork Setter, right? There's a for Senator and I believe you lost three tiebreakers. Yes. So so if you look at that and I look at the pro game, I look at the experiences. I had on the tour. He's probably three three or four points away from being in the Those of Australia. I mean the way the ball bounces on the pro tour three tiebreakers and for an adult will go in three if he played that match 10 times. There's no way he's losing three tiebreakers out of you know, three and three out of the four sets that he played and so we're looking at an adult that probably is in the finals on any other day. I think team got a little lucky. I think that obviously team was the better player on that day, but I still think again Then that he got a little unlucky to get to not get to the finals. And so you fast forward is next tournament is in Acapulco. He's got time off to train to regroup to work on his game, you know in dull and Djokovic and Federer do a great job with their schedules. Now the doll maybe plays a little more than the other guys, but certainly they understand these training blocks and they've got great coaching great Passion great fire. So it was no surprise to me that he came back at the level he did. And as you alluded to the draw was a little bit weaker and easier for him the top players there, you know zverev didn't play well in Acapulco. That's a whole nother story that we can probably get to another time. But you know, I'm watching him play Fritz and you know, I had a friend of mine who likes to go out of on a limb with these big ticks and he said Fritz is going to win and I said come on man like seriously like and then I watched more of the match and to me It looks like a man against a boy. I mean don't get me wrong Fritz is what 20 in the world. He's doing amazing things. He's a great great pro tennis player. He's Elite by many people standards. But when you put their games on a tennis court one-on-one, mano a mano with Nadal's biceps and Nadal shoulders and Fritz likes looks like this out there like he literally physically even though he's a big guy. Yeah, but he looks like this if we could put himself By side the shoulders aren't as wide the body's not as strong. I know he does his physical training, but your it's two different animals. If you look at Pete Sampras 20 years ago that dude had shoulders that guy was physical and I just when I'm watching them play, I'm like, it's like he's bringing a knife to a gunfight with an adult. It's just not even close. Yeah, you know, a lot of people you'll be able to speak to this but people have a lot of reasons for why they weren't better why they weren't this good. At the end of the day genetics play a really big role in this now you got to do put the work in right but I agree with you that Taylor Fritz is one of those players who is probably if he maximizes his ability as a tennis player will probably still be at a physical disadvantage regardless of how hard he works compared to other players. Do you agree? I agree and when you know, I'm kind of I'm an innovator in the way that I think And this is no disrespect that whoever he's training with on the physical side. You know, I think that if he was with an Innovative trainer or Fitness, he could probably close the gap in the things that I talked about. So yes genetics do play a role but I do think if he trained a little differently maybe a little smarter we would see some changes. But again when I see him walk, he looks a little bit knock-kneed or you know, just a little bit off with the way he walks. He doesn't look as death Leduc is the as as the elite elite guys and I'm talking Fetter Djokovic and Nadal and it's very apparent when they get on the court the doll defends better obviously defends better growing up on the clay playing on the clay courts. I mean, these guys are now standing 20 feet back to return serve, you know, all of them on fees is doing it. The doll is doing it. It's a huge advantage to play deeper in the court Team all these guys and I'm watching these things played out and I have a player that I'm working with. It's in the 400s in the world. He said man if I played an adult tomorrow, I would just go underhand serve all day because honestly, you could probably hit service winners or if nothing you're getting him to hit a low slice instead of his heavy ball. That could be the next change in the Tennessee. If someone's willing to be an innovator and not just do it as a one-off to actually perfect that serve and I don't think anyone's going to have the guts to do it. I know maybe Rios to does it so bublik ahead Alexander public I honestly I think there's something to it and people can say that it's I've even argue that it's not great sportsmanship. But listen if Nadal's playing 25 feet back on these massive courts, you should go with the Ginsu underhand serve until he moves up and then pop them into the body with a 125. And now now we're now are bringing now, we're bringing some different guns to this this sort of this despite this gunfight. Yeah, let's go. Let's go to Djokovic. That's fun. Or Sation, there's layers. Yeah, we could talk for hours. I know you mentioned the the etiquette of it where a lot of people of course including Nadal when curios did it in Acapulco last year didn't take too kindly to it. I thought it was interesting that you mentioned a doll lost three tiebreaks to team in in that Australian Open match because Novak Djokovic over and over and over again in the last year has seemingly come through those kinds of matches and in the Moments, he's just winning all the big points elevating when he needs to and the final against TT pass in Dubai was was no exception. I thought early on TT pass was the better player but latter stages of the first set Djokovic gets the break latter stages of the second set Djokovic gets the break how to you and how is Djokovic just able to elevate and sometimes win a match where he's not for the entire match the better player. So I'm going to go woo here. I really believe the the depths of belief and the depths of meditation the visualization that he does. I literally believe the universe conspires to help him win more because of the work he does and it'll be interesting to see what type of comments we get underneath this video when I make that comment, but make no mistake. This guy is spending more time on his personal development on his belief system than anybody else out there and he puts it out there on Instagram. I know personally I study this stuff. I've studied it for years. I know some of the thought leaders that he's spending time with and these guys would be considered out there and it's not just the guy that he hired three years ago that was professing love and whatever, you know free love out there. No, these are people that are literally create change and And when you cry when you create when you up level your belief system, the universe does conspire to give you more of what you want. It's just energy and if you believe that that would explain why he's winning these crazy matches that he has no business winning. There's no logic that it could explain what he is doing now. Let's get to a little bit more logic here and let's go to the Monfils match. Be match points 6 3 in the breaker. Yep mon. Let's talk about mon fees. He hits a massive second serve down the T in the ad court and he gets a backhand up backhand on the Baseline and he goes down the line and mrs. It wide now. I don't know if I don't know if Djokovic was able to do is Jedi Mind Tricks and get in his head. But let's just ignore Djokovic for a moment. You have no business trying that. Shot it 6-3 in the breaker. If you want to be Djokovic, you play that ball solid Cross Court and you make the guy beat you and he didn't do it there. Yes 6 4 at 6:00 for he missed a routine for hand long like routine and then at 6'5 he missed a wide passing shot wide. So two out of his three mistakes were wide and I always tell my players never miss wide, especially in these big moments and what happens this player. As press and they get tight and they pull the trigger and they want to end the point too soon. He should have made Djokovic now. It's easy for us to logically say that in the moment, but truly if he's going to be Djokovic that's teeny to play higher percentage tennis, which is what Djokovic does in those moments. You talk about belief Djokovic was 16 and oh against mon fils heading into that match. And yeah, it was there. There aren't many chokes in tennis. I hate that word I think fans normal. Throw it out way, too often, you know Felix. Oh Jolly seam is being called a choker for being o + 5 and finals even though all five finals were against great players and you just lost the matches. But by the way, I do think he has a mental thing going on. But but yeah. Yeah, I agree with you there's something to it but it's not fully. You know, I don't think he should be called the choker at 20 years old right now for mon fils. It was a choke and then he did run. Out of gas which he does all the time against against Djokovic. Yeah. I mean again your decision making changes when you focus on the result instead of the process and my guess is that when he got to the edge to the brink of beating the great Novak Djokovic his decision-making got skewed I've been there before I've made those weird choices that you would never make when it's 1:1 in the first set, but he has to be better than that. He has to be clear-headed and say when I get that back hand, I'm going Crooks. On that first of all, I'm not going to miss a plus one when I get a passing shot. I'm going to dip it down the middle at his feet and that's what Djokovic does. Yeah, which won't end Monfils in one all in the first set. He's been doing a better job with his shot selection. I mean his shots letter person is a hundred times better than it was, you know, five six years ago. All right. I want to get two more players real quick would simply pass. He broke him to go up 5-3 Djokovic broke him with a ridiculous. Oh, yeah. I can't cross court pass. I mean no one in the world can hit that shot. So if you're Novak Djokovic and you know on a break point, you can play D better than anyone in the world that's got to be comforting like you don't have to take a chance. He runs over here. It's a little slice chip for hand on the Run he runs over and he just shovels the eight not shovel. He lasered and angle BAC am passed from 20 feet behind the Baseline that has to be comforting if you have that movement and you have those defensive skills the The odds start to go in your favor when you can play defensive tennis app. Yeah in my head. I was like Oh What a Beautiful breakpoint saved. This is about to be by TT pass and boom that passing shot was was Unreal. Let's talk more about CT pass. I want to get your take on things. He had to say after his matches this week where sometimes he feels like and you know, he loves his parents, but he feels like they're too involved. You've probably encountered this just being around. Round tennis Forest times. What are your thoughts on Parental involvement? Yeah, we call them helicopter parents and these are the parents that are hovering. They just love to hover and they loved being in control and make sure everything is okay. Now, I believe every great player has to have one or both parents significantly involved. They got to be writing their almost like the child will get there the chairman, you know, you hire the coaches the CEO. And the there the chairman there in the investors, they're writing the checks. They're making decisions when they're junior tennis players and CC passes father is intimately involved. I mean, he is the coach he's out there all the time. He's so involved. It's just that fine line. It's that danger zone and most parents again don't have the communication skills. The personal development skills to actually navigate that and it's very difficult when there's emotions involved and so what I would say is that these parents need to list their child who's saying they're too involved and basically say, okay, it's not necessary that I had need to back off. But maybe I need to change my Approach and that means they need to look at themselves and most people don't have that growth mindset. They just are the way they are. They're not going to change and that's what freaks these kids out that are growing up and then sometimes they end up revealing and it doesn't end pretty in this case he's doing so well, he'll probably be able to navigate it, but there's probably Oddly some damage being done psychologically that he's going to have to figure out down the road. But yeah, I mean as he gets older they're going to probably have to back off just like Djokovic his parents had to do. Yeah, that's a good point and a good were very involved with it. Yes. They were very involved. They were like this all the time and now you don't see them doing that as much they're not around as much and so with maturity they'll sort that out. But you know without his father, there's no way that he's where he's at which he is. Colleges to his credit. But yeah, that's that's absolutely true. Okay, let's go to Medvedev. And I don't think that we did. I don't think we've really spoken even since his initial rise, but now he's started 2020 on the wrong foot hasn't gone deep in any tournaments suffered some some pretty alarming defeats with what is your read on this guy's incredibly unorthodox in my Pinion one-of-a-kind game and how do you see the rest of his 2020 playing out? Yeah, when he was on his run last summer my thoughts were first of all, I was surprised that he made that run because I didn't think the Run matched his ability level. So I was like, wow, how is this guy winning week after week and then my second big concept was how is he going to back it up because It's you see this a lot where a player goes on a run and if they're not as solid as a Federer Djokovic or an adult day in and day out which I don't think anyone else in the world is at this point Andy Murray had to run as well that lasted for extended time, but it's very difficult to maintain that unless you are just rock solid and it's clear that Medvedev has some holes that with hurts mentally emotionally that sophomore success that sophomore slump. Ump is kind of kicking in if you will and it's very difficult. Once you get to number 1 or in his case. I don't know what his career was to get two three three or four. Yep. No re maybe or just for I don't work. Okay, so you get 2 for in the world then it's much harder to stay at 4:00 in the world and it is to get to for in the world. It's a whole nother Dynamic which makes the run of the big three just ridiculous. Like they're competing against the best in the world. So With him, I look at his game. I think he's surprised some people his unorthodox nature. I think people's players start to get more used to that weird style and that he can't really defend against that because he does so many unorthodox things that guys are now getting used to and I think again emotionally trying to maintain that as difficult and so I would say that first of all, there's no way that he's going to go on the Run he did this summer. So unless he makes a move in the next three or four months his ranking. Is going to drop at year end and we might see him settle. I don't know. Where is he ranked right now in the race to London outside the top ten, I'm sure but right but the overall the overall 52-week rankings. Is he five or six? I think he's still like five got he hasn't lost so when you got to keep in mind, he wasn't really that good at this stage of 2019, right? Oh, he's not losing a lot of rankings points. So we're going to see a guy who by the end of the year if he doesn't get some results as going to be outside. Top 20 in the world. So we've seen that before, you know dimitrov won the World Championships when the guys were hurt. So yeah, I think I think he'll probably settle around 15 by the end of the year, but he still got great tennis left in him. You know, he just probably has to get this sorted out a little bit more and obviously Shore up probably a few things in his game. Yeah, and I picked him at the beginning of the year to finish six which was a back step and I was getting heat for that. So we'll see. See what happens he could he could turn it around or not. We'll see I would have said I would have said he would have been in that range. Probably that would be conservative. Hey, six seven eight. Yeah, but now, you know the way he's really started it's going to be hard for him to be inside the top 15 or top 20 because how is he going to go? He's not going to get to the finals of the US Open this year. I'm gonna happen. He's not gonna win. He's not gonna win. What did he win Cincinnati? And we remember when he played Djokovic in Cincinnati Djokovic was out to lunch in that match. He was sitting when Medvedev was hitting to First serves and they were going in. Yeah. Yeah, and so memory in those matches there were points where he was losing or struggling and he said I'm just going to go for it. Well that's harder to do when you're the hunted instead of the hunter. So I think he's going to be tougher for him. Let's end on Federer the the meniscus surgery. He got arthroscopic surgery. What's your read on this injury? It seems like it's pretty similar to what he had in. In 2016 at the end of 2016 and he came back better than ever. So I'm just going to kind of give you the floor on on the meniscus injury for Federer. Yeah, so when I watched him in Australia, he was clearly struggling with his movement, but nobody knew there was an injury so credits of Federer for keeping it on the down-low. I thought maybe his back was bothering him again, but you know, he almost lost his sangren. He almost lost Millman and people are talking about this. I'm like dude something is up because he just when he's on firing on all cylinders and he's healthy those guys can't stand a chance in a slant so I knew something was up. I thought it was the back and to be honest. I was quite surprised to hear that he was getting surgery because I had a meniscus surgery. That was my second surgery at age 24 and whenever I would squat down I'd feel a pain in the back of my knee and I couldn't play I don't run I couldn't do much like, you know, you can play a little but like three out of five sets in a Grand Slam against the best in the world not happening. So I always it's interesting to me when these guys Djokovic and had all better. They're seemingly, okay and matches or they're moving. Well, they're not limping around the court you they're not grimacing like I was grimacing when I had a meniscus and I felt it catch. I'm like, no that's awesome like and then they all of a sudden have a surgery. I'm like, this is so bizarre to me how these guys literally We have a meniscus. They never show the pain and then they get surgery two weeks later. I just don't that part. I don't get I don't understand that. So that's one take the second is that you know, I do racket fit for those that aren't familiar. Most of you probably aren't I work with a group that actually it's called the body tennis connection. We analyze what a person we give them an assessment a screen and we analyze what they what their joints what they can do with their ability in the mobility and most of the time when the stacks are the joints are stacked on top of each other and when you go from foot to ankle to knee to hip it should fall in an alternating pattern. So your ankle is supposed to be mobile your knee is to be stable and your hip is supposed to be mobile. But what ends up happening is you get an ankle that's fixed because you tape your ankles or you lose mobility in your ankle so it becomes stable. So then the next joint above it gets affected. Or if you have a hip that supposed to be mobile, it goes to be able to move it and it becomes locked. Then the knee Bears the brunt. So what it tells me is that Federer has something going on with his feet and his ankles and his hips but it's showing up in the knee and that hasn't been corrected and and the best athletes in the world are the best compensators they can get away with a lot for a long time and he's a very efficient mover and he does have high level training. So it's just catching up to him. Him at this stage and if it's a minor meniscus, I mean it sounds like it's significant if he's not back until July, but if it's minor and that it's not this reconstruction of the knee. I still think he could come back and be great again. Like I don't I doubted it before with the knee and he came back and won the Australian Open, so I'm not writing this guy off yet. I'm never going to write this how important is that word arthroscopic because he made sure to make it clear that that the surgery was arthroscopic. I mean, I don't know if I think it's suggest more minor to me. Yeah, my only concern with the meniscus and again, I'm not a doctor. I don't know the details but here's what I do know, I've been around the block for many years and I've studied all this and I've worked with physical therapists and doctors and I ask a lot of questions on the Curious George out there and you know, if you're taking some of the meniscus out my concern would be eventually that cartilage would go to bone on bone at some point and we haven't seen that with Federal yet, but you wonder If the next surgery could lead to that so it's always tricky when you go under the knife. It's still surgery. I'm not writing this guy off yet. There's no way I think the guy still has great tennis left in him. But if he comes back and he's not moving when he's coming when he's coming back and he's not moving. Well after that could be the sign that this could be the beginning the very beginning or the not the beginning of the end the end so we'll see. Yeah, we will okay. This has been really fun and We'll do it more and more often and I'm sure I'm sure everyone will appreciate that. Awesome. Yeah, and if anybody wants to learn how to play tennis faster and easier, this is my Shameless plug head over to tennis Evolution. I've also got a website. I'm super committed to helping you. If you really want to improve your game or if you have a child if you're a parent of a child you want to get to the next level super accessible content. We also have an app. That's super cool get old. Thanks for bringing me on had a blast and I know we're going to do it again. Absolutely. Everyone listen to Jeff. You should go and do that. Talk to you soon. See ya. Alright, so that was that a great discussion with Jeff Saul's and Steen. He said some really interesting stuff. I felt a little bit bad at the end there about making him. Dr. Saul zaentz teen where maybe I shouldn't have maybe I shouldn't have asked him to to go that in depth on on Federer's injury, but he is able to provide much more than I can on on the the physical kind. Anatomy of a tennis player when it comes to the stuff that the work he does with racket fit as he mentioned moving on in the program. And again, we'll have Jeff on again and I think I'll go on his channel sometimes as well which you should check out but let's keep it moving here with the French Open Power Rankings. What I'm going to do is I'll reissue the next French Open Power Rankings will be after Miami. So this is a preliminary French Open power. Rankings before the sunshine double and we will revisit it before the clay Court season starts, which will be after Miami and then once the clay Court season starts, this will become a weekly thing and I don't want to dwell too much on it because it's not that important right now. I think most of the players are focused on winning a really big tournament coming up, which is Indian Wells, but at number 10 is Roberto Bautista a GU, very consistent player physically tough, but Not the traditional clay quarter in the respect where he's kind of a flatter hitter that sometimes benefits from a lower bounce and faster Courts at number 9 is daniil Medvedev. You might be surprised to see him as low as number nine part of this is his recent form. But another part of it is I really don't expect him to have that much success on clay, and I know that he made the semi-finals of Monte Carlo. Last last year but I Envision Medvedev struggling to create a lot of offense on this surface given how much it requires power and generation of pace with racket head acceleration, which Medvedev lacks number 8 his compatriot Andrei rublev again. He hasn't really proven much on Clay, but I think his game should suit the surface quite well, and he Use to go somewhat deep and torments. What I'm waiting for with rublev has to have that signature win, which he hasn't had in 2020, but he's had a lot of wins number seven stand varenka. Someone who I feel like it continues to show flashes of Brilliance and then just sometimes lacking consistency and going through matches with tons and tons of unforced errors that that have resulted in some disappointments, but varenka at a pretty good Aussie open and Always very good on clay. And of course is won the French Open before number six Gael Monfils back-to-back finals for the Frenchman. I love the potential form own faeces level. I just don't know how much his endurance will get in the way of any kind of major run in the French Open. But right now he's playing better tennis than the four guys below him and I'm pretty confident in saying that at number five Alexander's Vera have you know after Sir, breaking through at the Aussie and breaking his kind of you know, quarter final barrier. I'll say I do think that's very brave. His best surface should be clay and I think he's going to have a really good clay-court season and I think he can do well at the French as long as he is mentally in a good place. And as long as he's not double faulting a ton number for Stephen OCT pass, of course to good weeks now back-to-back finals. Him as well and TT Pasa player who? Has already had really good results at the front on Clay. I should say not the French Open lost the Epic match to stand for wrinkle last year, but I think is in good position to make a run in clay. I love his forehand. The heavy topspin forehand will suit him very well on the clay courts running around it using the inside inside out and he can be very steady, which is a necessity on Clay number 3, Novak Djokovic. doesn't take much explanation here Beyond justifying why he's not hire at number two Dominic team I think Djokovic needs to prove to me why he should be above Dominic team at this point team has pushed Djokovic match after match goes five sets in Australia beats him at the French Open last year on a slow Court right now team deserves to be above Djokovic Even though Djokovic is undefeated in 2020 and all that. I think that that team has shown enough on Clay courts against Djokovic where he deserved to at least start clay Court Season above Novak and number one is Rafa Nadal. No reason why Nadal shouldn't be number one with his historic French Open success and what he's shown in 2020 All right comment response time. Of course, this is a long episode with the Jeff Saul's and Steen interview. I need to think about if this is I got to think about in the future what how I want to structure these shows when I have an interview, but right now this is how it is. First question is from Lancelot. He says we have seen Novak incorporating a lot more Drop shots in Dubai. Do you think that's a new approach or is it some sort of reflection of Novak's physical status or is he making his transition to shorten the rallies? I already touched on this earlier, but I I'll expand on it. Here is Novak's physicality diminishing. I think in some respect. Yes. Does he have less endurance less stamina. Does he you know, can he last as long as he used to I don't believe so. I have not seen Djokovic in a match where he's really physically pushed for a really really long time. I have not seen him. Were a physical or a consistent physical output for a long period where someone is challenging him and moving him around the court on a consistent basis for a long period of time. I actually don't think he can do it anymore. There have been energy dips in his matches. Well in his match against team there was an energy dip that could be an example. So I do think he needs to be better in short rallies. I do think he needs to find ways to shorten rallies. There's nothing wrong with that Fedders had to do it. Nadal's had to do it Djokovic will do it and making his backhand more of an offensive weapon will require the drop shot. It will require the drop shot again because it's not as big as the forehand doesn't hit it as hard. So incorporating the drop shot will make his drive all that more potent and we'll give him another way to weaponize his backhand Physically, I also think his court coverage has not so much declined. I think his court coverage is pretty much in line with what it was when he was in his prime. I still think that he's covering the Port Court incredibly. Well, so I think there's a distinction in his physical decline where his endurance and his cardio is not where it used to be. His court coverage is pretty close to where it used to be but he still needs to make an effort to shorten rally. The Drop shots are good for that the next two comments. I'm going to morph them because the third one is a response to the second one and this is unfortunately some classic. Fighting between the fan bases Maurice left a couple long comments. I need to shorten them in the interest of time. He says I'll read to comments. They're both upvoted a lot. What would the Grand Slam count be if you compare Federer and Nadal and to slams were on Clay to on grass and if you compare Djokovic and Nadal te okay, so it's that argument. So it's what would it be if there were two on Clay to on Whatever to on harder grass and then the second one is Gil. Can you discuss the disadvantaged Nadal has had in the Grand Slam race. He only gets one slam on his best surface Federer and Djokovic play well on grass and hard court so they get three Slams on a surface that suits them best. Yeah. Okay, then the third comment is a response to that which says Maurice are you on drugs? decline of Novak Djokovic while my man yeah because other comments say Djokovic is declining which you know I just don't think there's any need to diminish other players accomplishments I think it's enough if you're in a dolphin or Federer fan or Djokovic fan to celebrate your own players accomplishments and yeah I mean he's he hasn't lost a match so it's hard to make the claim that he's declining just because he's not dominating or just because there are portions of the match where he hasn't looked good the end of the day it's been impressive that he's found a way to win all these matches but when it's in regards to the to the clay Court argument yeah I suppose there is something to it but it's just how it is so I don't know what kind of conclusion you can make from it I mean there needs to be an unevenness because there are three surfaces and Events, so there's going to be one surface repeated. That's just how it is. So if it were clay which it very well could be I mean, but the point is there's no use in extrapolating. What could have been the point is Nadal is also really good on hard courts and grass courts. And yeah, his dominance on Clay is unequaled. No one is taking that away from him. No one will ever take that away from him and regardless of who goes down as the consensus goat which probably Lee will be no one there will not be a consensus. That is what we're heading towards in all likelihood. But regardless of who goes down as that consensus goat that all surface greatest of all time, which will never be a title that everyone will agree on one title that people will be agree on will be able to agree on is that Nadal has the greatest accomplishments on Clay courts of all time and why isn't that enough? I don't know because it probably should be and that's all I said I got to end I got to end. I got to end the comments there because I feel like every week there there is a discussion about this and it's a little bit tiresome because there's tennis being played between feder. Well not federal right now, but there's tennis being played and topics that are actually you know, Sitting like right now, you know things that are happening right now that are interesting and that, you know should be discussed where this entire this goat debate is something that of course is just always hanging overhead, but it's not going anywhere. There is no urgency to try to dissect this right now at this point in time to me. There's no timeliness at the same time. I have to acknowledge. I read the comments that are uh, Voted the most and these are the comments that are uploaded the most so that's it. One more before I wrap up its from Ravi says hi Gil. I think Indian well is a perfect hard court for an adult to be Novak high bounce and Novak can have trouble hitting through Rafa's defense on slower courts your thoughts, please. Well, first of all high bounce chi chi for an adult to be Djokovic the way Nadal new. Eliza's Djokovic is backhand. It must be with variation mixing up Heights using the slice backhand down the line to open up the the down the line forehand when Djokovic hits that cross court and then sometimes going high loopy testing Djokovic has footwork. Yeah key. The high bounce is a key for an adult to beat Djokovic in that sense. Yes, Indian Wells is definitely an ideal hardcore. For an adult to be Djokovic, I 100% agree. The second part of it would be what I would have questions about. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if Djokovic would have trouble hitting through Nadal on on an Indian Wells hard court. I'd have to see that play out because it's something that's hard to predict. And I just don't know if it's slow enough for that to be the case. It'll be interesting. We will see. Let's see. When does the Indian Wells truck? Anyway, Indian Wells preview will come out when the Indian Wells draw comes out until next time. Hope you enjoyed don't forget to subscribe. I'll see you next time.