Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before the age of 65 from age 90.In 228 Kayla and I have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the fire the Family podcast. This is Nick. And as always thank you for being here today for listening to the podcast be sure that if you find this helpful at all, or if you just want to help the channel out to rate US on whatever platform you happen to listen to us on today is going to be all about the coronavirus covid-19. I know. You've probably haven't heard enough about it in the news. We're going to talk a little bit about that. But before we do so I'm gonna give you a little update on the website and I know some of you that follow the podcast are kind of seeing how the website develops and how everything goes since it is a new site. We are about 9 months old or not. Yeah about nine months old at this point and things are going really well. So we each month every single month that I've had the website up has outperformed the Previous month and so we are in the thousands of views per month category and growing exponentially. Google has finally let us out of their little testing sandbox that they put new sites in and SEO search engine optimization isn't necessarily a new thing for me. I've been working with it and using it in hobbies and projects for about the last decade. So I definitely feel like I have a good foundational knowledge of how it works how building websites work and I've already received some requests to shed. More light on the inner workings and how I got the website up and running and so you may see some content coming out here in the next month or two that are focused around that. I've also started kind of a side project. I haven't launched it yet. But I've started the base work of again the website ready and everything and I'll make some announcements on that in the future probably about the same time frame the I deal with that is going to be going from the beginning creating basically a business from Simply a website. So most people when they create a business they art with their business plan, they start with getting financing or funding hiring people or whatever, you know, there's a definite path that people take when they start a business and I want to kind of flip that on its head and do what I would call starting a 21st century business and the idea is that you start with something like a Blog which by when I say blog what I mean is a website that provides valuable content and helpful content for people to search for and by doing that you can generate an income build that in come up and then That income into a business and that's what you see a lot of people in the industry doing the start out as bloggers. They learn how to make money, but you can do this and in the industry of the business that you want to own and I think that that's something that's really exciting and I've already proven by the web's this website that that you can build up a site to the point where you're earning cash flow per month is equivalent or greater than what you could earn from a single family rental, maybe not counting Equity, but it's going to get to that point eventually. And so what you could do is if you don't have money for a down payment, but you want to get into investing you want to get into real estate. Well, this is it's not commercial. It's not residential but it's still kind of real estate. It's internet real estate and it's super valuable takes a lot of work to get going. But once you get it up and running it's definitely an income-producing asset and it's something that can really help your budget help your future goals or financial goals and really help you get going. So I'm really excited to give more information on that and kind of go into a new new focused targeted. Did subject matter that I can I can help people with so that's pretty exciting. So over the weekend. We actually had a really great weekend. I hope you guys did too. Sorry. The episode is about a day late than usual. Just had a really busy weekend. Also my birthday weekend, technically, my birthday is this week and I got my home brew kit in the mail. So I started I did my first batch of home brew with this new setup and I've done it in the past you made some wine before in the past made cider in the past. My bachelor's degree is actually in In viticulture and enology which is grape growing and winemaking and so I have a foundational knowledge of those of those things and what I realize is like being in software now working on a computer all day. I kind of missed doing something with my hands creating stuff other than stuff on the internet and I'm really want to get a hobby that was really Hands-On and and a little bit different. So I did I got a miter saw over the over the holidays and so I've made some fluff flower beds and things out of wood and stuff but really wanted a fun project. Remember how much fun I had making wine and cider and the few times we've gotten together with friends to do Homebrew. And so I decided it was time to get myself into Homebrew. So I bought myself a early birthday present and so I brewed a batch this weekend yesterday actually and it's an IPA and really excited about it and made some new novice errors on the the setup. But that's that's a cool fun project that I've started and really have some some relaxing times outside away from the computer and I think that's definitely Portent so tonight. I'm actually drinking a glass of wine from a local Winery my life and I went wine tasting over the weekend with family for my mom's birthday and there's an awesome new winery in the same area that we're used to going and it was really a breath of fresh air and a lot different than a lot of the wines in the area. I live in Eastern Washington State. So we're like the grape Second Great capital of the nation aside from Napa Valley. But up here in the Yakima Valley. We grow just a ton of grapes and hops and so we're both The Hop capital of the nation and kind of second fiddle to Napa Valley when it comes to wines but we produce some really interesting wines because it's just so darn hot and dry that they come out really well and very different and so it's we always try this time of year when the weather is nice to get out and go do a little wine tasting. It's a lot of fun and kind of a hot of a hobby but kind of an activity that is a little different than what you might find in other places around the nation and kind of a neat little Hidden Gem of the desert that we live in over here. So it's kind of kind of a good time. I said we're going to talk about the coronavirus. We are going to talk about that a little bit and specifically about sort of protecting your investments from not necessarily the virus itself. But from the Fallout of the virus the Panic the fear everything that you see going on in the news and if you've been to Costco lately that's been pretty crazy. My wife went to Costco on Sunday, and it was just insane and From Washington State we know now that there's as of today six or seven deaths in the state from covid-19. I think six out of the seven come from a long-term health facility that houses elderly people that are immune compromised at risk already. I don't know if it's a hospice care, but it's definitely like you're almost at the end of your life kind of care anyways, and so if something like this virus gets into that Healthcare facility, it is not good and I feel you know, my Thoughts and prayers go out to the families affected and the people that are dealing with this. It's a very scary thing and understand that but I don't want to take away from that and the content of the the episode today, but I do want to stress that there's a lot of fear-mongering there's a lot of people that are blowing things out of proportion and there's just a lot of unknowns to the point where I'm not sure if it's smart to be making really broad sweeping Financial choices during times like this and that's kind of the standpoint that Taken and then the article that I wrote this weekend, I'm on fire the family.com. The standpoint is basically almost a do nothing with your finances standpoint. If you're going to do anything consider buying more kind of the whole when there's blood in the streets, even if the blood is your own that's when you should buy that's like a famous quote and you know, it's one of those things that's kind of tough because the market has gone down like 11% last week in like one week alone. Has like the largest drop in the last decade and we're coming off of like a 10-year bull market that's just been unprecedented and just done some crazy stuff. Well, that's a really Tippy economy right now with a really Tippy stock market right now with blot of people saying that we're overextended we're overdue for a recession. The FED is pumping a ton of money into the system and a lot of things that go well beyond my, you know comprehension or my knowledge, but there's it's a really interesting point and At some point the market is going to have to correct whether that's just a correction. Like we're what we've seen this last week or if that's a full-blown recession and God forbid it turn into something like a depression, but I think that I think that we're primed for recession, but who knows when that will happen if anything, I think we see, you know, this this correction and the market breeds a little bit because and the coronavirus kind of being the catalyst. Just for causing that correction because things are just been on a tear lately. And I know we talked about Tesla and we see a lot of these companies that don't have the financials to necessarily back up their valuations that they have in the stock market. I think Tesla at its peak was like nine hundred and something dollars over a hundred thirty billion dollar valuation and while yeah, their Tech is way ahead. They are finally showing that they can be a profitable company. They have all these new models coming out very exciting. It's a great company like it. It's an In company, I like it. I like following it and like being a part of it. I don't own a Tesla, but I definitely like I like what they're doing and I like what you know what they're doing to an outdated industry that really needs a refresh and seeing some of the stuff they're doing tech-wise is like all these companies should have been doing this already and so they're really far ahead I get that but their valuation is just obscene for the for where they're at currently in the life stage of the company life. Eichler company, but what I'm trying to get at is that the economy seems very overextended and that's just from my own professional. You know, I'm not a certified financial planner, but that comes from my perspective. And when I see a dip like this, it's a great buying opportunity. It's a great opportunity to get into the market or if your timing your contributions and let's say you're not going to contribute to your Roth IRA for another two weeks. Well this week might be a good week to do that because there's a Dip and that dip could recover fairly quickly. And so if you're going to do anything that's that's something that that's what I would consider as a side to selling or Panic selling or pulling all your money out of the market or buying thousands of dollars worth of doomsday prep, you know stuff people are Costco buying pallets of water and I was talking to my wife on the phone when she was at Costco and I was brewing beer and I was like, okay, so if you're buying pallets of water you have to there's a few things that you can assume you have to assume that the city is going to have some sort of Citywide lockdown more than likely where you were wouldn't be able to go to the store to buy pallets of water. The second thing you have to assume is that they're going to shut the water system down or the virus is going to get into the water and that case I think that is highly unlikely if it were to happen. We all have stoves we all have I think ways to boil water nothing else. You can light a campfire in your backyard and okay, let's say that He shuts off energy as well or electricity. You could still go light a fire in the backyard and boil some water and you probably going to be okay. And so I have like an 8 gallon Kettle that I was brewing beer. And so I told her I said hey if we need water I will boil water and my Kettle and try not to turn it into gear and we will have plenty of water. So some of those things are kind of kind of crazy to look at I want to say I don't want to say dumb. I don't want to say everyone deals with this stuff in their own way, but the there's a lot of fear and a lot of panic out there. Well, if Pilar panicking and fearful over like their food situation think how they are about their Investments when they look at their retirement account and they see it drop ten eleven twelve percent and a short amount of time people freaked out people lose it and I don't know if it's because I lost a lot of money in the stock market when I was a lot younger or if it's just something I've kind of mentally train myself to be prepared for I might be a hybrid of the both but like I did all I thought it was like, oh cool now I need to make sure that I Contribute this month because it's a perfect week to contribute to my 401k and my Roth IRA 401K is actually perfect timing because it just went in or it's going to go in tomorrow and the market had a nice dip so good buying opportunity for a lot of these. I know the route that I invest in VN Q. It's an ETF out of Vanguard. It was like 98 dollars last week or the week before last and now it's like $88. So definitely a good opportunity to get some shares of that VTS ax is obviously it's a total stock market index fund the total stock market had a pretty sizable dip. So of course that goes down and that's what that's one of the things that my 401k Auto contributes to so perfect timing. You know, I'm not fearful at all of the market. I'm fearful of my kids getting sick. I'm fearful of friends and family that might be older getting sick. Those are the things. I'm very full for. I feel like I'm young. I'm healthy. I could probably I could probably withstand. Virus myself, but you know it is what it is. So here's seven things seven ways to shield and your investments from the coronavirus and a lot of it is shielding it from yourself. So I would say one of avoid Panic selling to stick to long-term goals three fund an emergency fund for continued performing at your job five dollar cost average six mentally prepare for the worst and Seven Ride the recovery wave. So number one panic selling don't An Excel don't do it when you when the market dips like it does and you think it's going to go down further. Maybe it will and you sell if you're you're typically not going to rebuy back that position until it's recovering and for you to time or recovery. You think it's difficult to know if the stock is going to keep going down or not think how hard it is to guess if it's time for it to go back up or not. It's just as difficult if not more difficult and you'll never truly know if we're in a recovery until it's too Late and it's likely you're going to be buying that stock or that Index Fund or whatever investment. It is your it's likely going to be buying that back at a time that equal or greater to the point where you sold it. So then what are you doing? You're selling low and you're buying high and no way. Is that a setup to make money? No way. Is that a good long-term strategy. It's basically how the market is set up to transfer money from you to people that are patient and And that's something that you really need to grip your own grab your White Knuckle your seat and stop from Panic selling. Okay. It's just something that a lot of people do and a lot of people lose a lot of money by doing that and when I say Panic selling I don't mean just going into Cash what I mean by Panic selling is going from one stock to another stock or from one, you know, Index Fund to that's highly Diversified into buying a biotech stock that might The one company that comes up with a vaccine that makes it to through trials that makes it that gets approved by the FDA that actually goes to the human trials that actually works right and so on cures the virus or as a good vaccine against the virus the odds of you picking that one company are not very good and the other you know, rising Rising Tides raises All Ships, but it might not be how you think it's going to be a might turn out differently. You might sometimes biotech stocks might might go up and then turn into a reverse stock split and you get screwed out of your money and so by going from a highly Diversified investment strategy like an index fund to an individual stock is some is no different or arguably worse than Panic selling into cash. And so timing the market is very difficult to do even algorithms that are powered by a I have a really difficult time timing the market and so it's not something that if unless you're doing it every day and it's a strategy that you've honed in over the years or whatever. Excuse it. Maybe the average Joe is not going to be able to time. This Market, especially when it's so volatile number to stick to long-term goals. Just stick to the plan you got, you know, the life is life's gonna throw curve balls at you. Sometimes it's going to be a virus. Sometimes it's going to be a meteor coming at the planet or something. Sometimes it's going to be climate change. Sometimes it's going to be the next president sometimes, you know, we got a lot we would sometimes it's going to be World War 3. We've got a lot of things going on and the market reacts to all these things and its own way and sometimes it reacts positively Ali sometimes it reacts negatively and it's got to do those things. It's got a Bree that's got to go up. It's got to go down and so stick to your long-term goals three fund and emergency fund without an emergent, you know, so let's say this is an emergency fund is like a wall for your assets. That's a big wall that you've built up around all of your assets and your assets are inside that wall safe and protected from the outside and that emergency fund is critical because if you are investing in a Roth IRA or any sort of investment, And you don't have an emergency fund an emergency happens. Let's say, you know, you get sick of the coronavirus and yet so bad that you're out of work for a month and let's say you lost your job because we go into recession and you don't have an emergency fund. How are you going to fund your lifestyle how you're going to fund your bills are going to fund your Necessities. You're going to turn to your credit card number one, probably and then if that runs out you're going to you know, possibly turn to another credit card that you probably going to go into debt or you're going to have to wipe out your investment accounts whether it's just your contributions or Retirement account you're going to dip into your assets and that's really negative. And you don't want to do that. And even if you don't dip into your assets and you do put on a credit card and you carry that credit card over to the next month, then it's likely that you're going to have your your balance your interest rate your 17 to 21 percent. Whatever your credit card is and that's taking away the money the thousands of dollars you have on your car to taking away from the market returns. You might be making on the other side. So if the market is going down and you're down maybe 10% on your Investments And you put my bunch of money on a credit card and carried over to the next month. You might be down twenty thirty percent on whatever, you know on your total net worth for that time period That's just really bad. You just killing yourself so fund an emergency fund because an emergency happens when it happens, it will happen. You will have the cash to pay for it and it will keep you from stressing. It will protect your assets from getting tapped into and you know, you'll stop you from making emotional decisions and we're for continued performing at work the I think companies are going to do in a recession is look to downsize and when they look to downsize they look at their current crew and see who do they want to keep on who could they stand to lose and if you're in the bottom ten fifteen percent of your Workforce, you could get the you know the shaft and that sucks and I hope it doesn't happen. But that's the reality. If you're a high performer top performer, whether you're in sales or your commission based or not be a high performer, and if you're a high performer in your continuing to perform at work while other people are busy on the news reading about the presidential election reading about the coronavirus whatever it may be you're busy working and doing your job and you'll making things happen and that doesn't go unnoticed typically and last thing you want to do is set yourself up to be the person that the company can live without because in a time of recession jobs are hard to come by and you don't want to be the person out on the street five dollar cost average continuous, you know continuous Investments at a I can't think of the right word at a normal interval month, you know monthly weekly quarterly, whatever it works for you. I like monthly I contribute every month into both my 401k and my Roth IRA and my wife's 457 b we contribute every single month whether it's a good Market or bad Market. I will say that sometimes when it's bad market like this I tend to contribute a little bit more than normal and that's just because it seems like a good opportunity to do so, I don't drastically changed. Strategy and I'm still going to max out my Roth IRA at the max for the year. But sometimes those contributions just get a little heavier when the market is going down six mentally prepare for the worst. And so by doing this you're setting yourself up not to be taken by surprise emotionally mentally, you know and allows you to make decisions that are not based in those emotions. So if you're all of a sudden you're like, oh my goodness what's going on? There's this virus people are dying. And it's in Washington. I live in Washington. I'm heavily invested in these stocks and they're doing really poorly I should sell instead of going down that thought process you like. Okay? Hey, there's this virus is started out in China, its kind of sweeping the nation right now. China is already looking like they're starting to recover a little bit from it. If we trust the data that comes from China which take that with a grain of Grant salt. But you know, it's it may be something that's really dangerous and really bad, but it may not be it. May it may last for a few months and maybe something that Is with us now forever and we may all have to deal with this this this specific strain of coronavirus for the rest of our lives. But what we find is well, it's not as dangerous as we initially thought. It was something like 80% of people are going to get mild symptoms from what they're saying now. So with that case, okay, maybe it's just like a maybe it's like the flu. Maybe it's a little worse than the flu, you know, whatever but you're prepared. You're mentally prepared for it. Oh now the stock market's going down. Yeah makes sense because there's factories in China that are shut down. Okay, cool. Well, it's Not that's not cool. But you know, how can I make lemonade out of lemons here? Okay. Well, I could maybe buy some of these companies that I know are just being affected by the downturn. Maybe I can just contribute like normal to my stocks knowing that this is probably a short-lived thing and it's not going to the markets not going to just never recover. So if you think that way and you think things through logically you can avoid from making really dangerous mistakes with your money and just contribute like you normally would I don't understand why that's so hard for people. To do and if you want to save a little more cash and you don't want to contribute more even than the markets down like that's perfect perfectly fine contribute something maybe contribute a little bit less of that. If you need to carry some extra cash, maybe your emergency fund isn't quite up to Snuff. And so yeah, it's definitely more important to fund an emergency fund than it is to contribute to your your retirement accounts and that goes into the best method for reaching Financial Independence. You got to have a budget number one got have an emergency fund you got increase your savings rate, which is creasing or expensive expenses increasing your income and you can invest investing is at the end and T for total stock market, right? That's at the very end so budget emergency fund and then you can work on your savings rate and then invest that savings rate. So you got to make sure the foundation is set for you to be able to comfortably contribute to retirement accounts 7 ride the recovery wave and this is kind of a fun part. I put in there because if you know that the recovery wave is going to come if you know there if you know, there's going to be a recovery or you're you know, if you're investing. Day in a down Market, you're betting on the fact that you're pretty sure the markets going to recover and we know that over time the markets going to Trend up at a rate of about 8% per year on average. And so we know that you know, this isn't forever if the market goes down it goes flat if we go into a recession. It's only last for an average of 18 months and we know that it'll probably recover and if it doesn't we probably have bigger problems. So by putting this in here that's actually a way of shielding your investments from the coronavirus or really yourself. Elf is that if you keep that in mind like hey, yeah, we're going to recover we're gonna be okay. Okay, we're going to recover as a species as a human race. We're going to recover as people businesses will recover. Our finances will recover. It's all going to end up probably going to end up. All right? Okay, and so that's really the big the big thing that I want to talk about. I don't have a lot more. I got a lot out in a short amount of time, but it's really important to just Stay the course. Don't freak out too much and maybe see some of these things as buying opportunities as a chance to know when you do contribute. Your money is going to go a little bit further and really stay up on the news find out you know, where are these hot spots are like obviously I'm not going to Seattle anytime soon being on the west side of the state. I think somebody tested positive for it at a casino about an hour away, which is kind of scary because it's little bit closer. I live in a highly rural area. And so, you know, I don't interact with people every day. Other than my kids being in daycare, which I swear that's a breeding ground for this and if anyone's going to get sick the kids are going to get up from daycare and they're going to bring it home and that's probably how I'll die. But I hope not but my job, I work at a desk and a computer with three other people in the room, and I don't have to worry about shaking hands or meeting face to face with people and so I'm kind of lucky. I definitely am grateful for that and the people at Costco. They told my wife when she was there on Sunday that they did a million and a half in sales the day before. That's unreal. I don't know what they do normally per day, but I'm assuming it's probably about half of that maybe 60% of that but it's just like there was so many people there. Just loading up and it's like what good is a pantry full of rice and beans if you're not there to do enjoy them. I don't know. I've never really understood that and people are buying all those face Shields that don't help they don't they're proven not to help you against droplets of sneezing and coughing. They're actually helpful if you are sick to wear masks, so if you're caught And sneezing, please wear a mask and we can all identify who is out in public who is currently Sick by who's wearing the mask. But yeah, you know, I don't know be careful stay healthy. If you do get sick, please stay home. And I really hope that everyone recovers. I hope nobody else gets sick and I hope that this whole thing blows over but the reality is as that's probably not the case. And so if it does guard against your finances, you know, keep keep them safe against yourself and don't make any rash decisions. With that being said, thank you so much for hanging out in this episode. I hope to hope to continue to put out more content for you. All. Please contact me on the contact form on the website fire the family.com or hit me up on Twitter DM me if you want to be on the show be happy to interview you if you have something special to share if we have anything in common really if you just want to talk at all and love to have a guest on the show, so I'm kind of looking forward to doing that and maybe I can get my wife on here here shortly when our schedules line up to be able to get an episode out together. Again. Thank you so much. I hope you have a wonderful week. Please stay healthy, and please cover your coughs. Thanks.