What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012. He is when Tesla comes out with a plaid mode Model S and X. I think they could see we see you can see a huge, you know, boom and sales of those Vehicles which will drive significant growth in gross profit for Tesla X. I think these are the most high margin products Tesla cells and part of this video is be encouraging Tesla to charge an extremely high price for these vehicles. So the model has an ex before you could spec out to like a hundred and forty hundred fifty thousand dollars originally, but since then they brought the pricing down the starting price points around $80,000. They have less variance. You can't you can't even Max. It out too much over $100,000 and frankly. I think Tesla's leaving a little bit of money on the table here the model S & S Sales have been declining in 2019 because I think the products are getting a little stale or that product lines getting a little stale. Additionally. We have the model 3 much cheaper Tesla coming onboard cannibalizing a lot of sales, but rumors have it and Elon is basically confirmed the Tesla's going to upgrade the at least the model S. My guess is the model X as well with this tri-motor plaid up basically performance plaid powertrain Gianna subscribers like Alien technology. This is going to be the craziest performance Tesla ever. This is the performance Tesla. They were running around the Nurburgring track. That's sort of when this all came to light that Tesla was working on this next Generation Model S. And so I think from a financial perspective what's going to happen is as much as like the model wise exciting and they're entering this big category like Tesla nerds like I'm thinking of soft and the third row Tesla podcast was like five Tesla's always needs to have the ludicrous mode one that goes, you know, the fastest possible. It's like people who love apple and are obsessed with I'll always need you know, the biggest newest phone with the most cameras in the most lenses. You know, I am looking at my iPhone with three cameras with right how and I'm just thinking of this but I just think there's so much tech product OCD and just people wanting to get the newest thing and I think there's been so much sort of pent-up or Oz boarding that's been occurring where people have been waiting to buy the model S NX because they know there's sort of this update coming and I think when this happens this is going to be there's going to be like a wave of orders for this plasmid model snx. They're gonna make as many they're going to sell as many Is they can make for probably a year or so at least and I mean just to crunch some numbers with you guys Tesla's model as gross margin has certain going down recently with the introduction of the model 3 and these lower price Model S and X hitting about 18 or 19 percent in the past two quarters. Well historically Tesla said that it could hit you know High 20 percent maybe even 30 percent gross margins, especially for these model SNS and that's where gross margins were before. They introduced the model 3. So when I they come out this new plaid mode Model S NX, I think Tessa's gonna I hope they charge like hundred fifty hundred sixty a hundred seventy grand for you know, 400 miles range unbelievable performance better cooling technology on the battery. So can do this track the Nurburgring style track better than a Porsche and I think so many people are going to buy it sales could go actually over a hundred thousand reaching new highs from adolescent acts and the gross margins on those sales could be 30% which will boost the entire gross margin of test like just to put this in context why I'm so excited that you know, you know from a volume perspective Model S and X are going to sell much but from a profit perspective. This is a real needle mover just to crunch some numbers a hundred fifty thousand times 50,000 vehicles at thirty percent gross. Margin is over 2 billion in incremental gross profit. If you look at Tesla's gross profit here on hyper charts there and your gross profit for the past two years has been around four billion. And so a lot of that is already coming from adolescent X, but just two billion in incremental gross profit from 50 sales of 50,000 of these new plaid mode Vehicles if they sell a hundred thousand cars at $150,000 per car with a 35% gross margin just to run some numbers here. Then they could be we're talking about over 5 billion in incremental gross profit, which would be more than the entire Tesla's ever done in a year as a company. And so when you think about Teslas ability for a pricing power here is people want the newest Tesla the ability to charge in the mid, you know, $150,000 range how there's so much pent-up demand I think in Q3 and Q4 whenever they launched this plaid mode Model S and model X, which probably gonna get way more details on on battery day. I think the second they launched this sales of those vehicles are going to Through the roof. I'm hoping they have a very high margin on those sales and that could seriously Drive gross profit and overall profitability for Tesla coming into late 2020 and early 2021 as these roll out and hit volume and this is something that I think not enough people are realizing and Tesla sort of been penalized from a profitability standpoint for the past year or so as people wait for this new model snx and a sales have dipped of their most profitable vehicles. And as you can see in the gross margin chart that's really affecting the overall gross margins of the company, but now a we have stabilization of model 3 three pricing and model y pricing like last year. They had to introduce all these cheaper models that brought down gross margins overall for the company. That's no longer happening. We're gonna have more economies of scale with production. So I think the gross margin of the model 3 is going to improve significantly this year. And additionally you have this gross margin a volume perspective and gross margin a Model S NX improving dramatically and I think this is a huge gross profit probability driver coming in six to nine months for Tesla. So that's just some food for thought. I feel like not enough people are pricing the Are thinking about this. I think this is a huge money-making opportunity for tasks. Like even think about the Roadster which their sign for 200 250 Grand is outperforming, you know hyper cars that are worth a million or two million dollars. You know, Tesla should be charging 500 grand for this Roadster. Let's make margin on these vehicles to subsidize Rd to boost the probability the company to invest in other projects. I just think that's the smart move here and I'm really excited to see how it's all unfolds total speculation for now. This is nothing is official from Tesla on pricing and margins or even time. Or even really official delivery of these vehicles or even if they actually exist, but of course I'm making a video about it. Would love to know what you think in the comments below plaid mode model SX. When are they coming out? What's the gross margin going to be? What's the price going to be leave? It below huge head out for a patreon producers support the to the channel. See you guys next time.