What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other locations you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen listenership. Some places say you got to have a certain amount of distance before you can make money not with anchor. You can just download it record Point people to your podcast and start making money all that. All you have to do. Like I said in the first place is download anchor go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Face. All right. I'll stay tuned for the show. What's going on everybody. Thanks for staying tuned. And as always I appreciate you listening every listen counts. I appreciate the DMS the messages to people that say what the hell we talking about and people that say I loved it. So all the I like Vivaldi are equally no. Well. I like the people that liked it more not like that don't like it. I guess I can see that. All right, so let's get into it. So Brandi Love. Oh, yeah. Anyway Brandi Love made a statement because when someone asks you a question, so when I ask her a question if she has sex with fans and Bradley's response was her and her husband. This is my me put it into words her and her husband are open to an adult. She sighs. She said that she's a regular human being and that she do find people attractive. And her and her husband are free to indulge in activity in case they find someone attractive now. My follow-up question would be because I didn't really get this spot. I'm assuming that it's not paid sex. So she's find someone attractive. She could easily be like listen, I'm fucking Brandi Love. We have pay for this shit or it could be like, hey, you're cool. That's I like you. I'm attracted to you. Let's do it. I'm not sure may I think that is a follow-up question, but the funny part is statement to me was that she was let everyone know that her husband pretty much has an open relationship which is one understandable and to I want to say common sense. But at the same time if you married and I don't know if her husband is important that but if you're married to a porn star, I mean you almost got to call it an open relationship right because they're going to have sex with other people. You have to be able to accept it. Yeah, I don't see how you can be. Like are you have sex with professional porn stars, which can have sex with the average do but then again you could because you can be like if she's saying I'm only having sex this is for money. Now, I only get paid this is my job and then you go and have sex with somebody for free that I guess that is a little bit different. So I guess that was a legitimate question and but my again I'm curious to see if she If she is attracted to someone like is it that she's just feel like hey that's have dinner or hey, that's do this real quick, or hey, we can do this real quick, but it's going to cost you a little something. I'm curious to know what the average person would pay to have sex with Brandi Love. Hmm because you have like you have professional escorts that cost like what sometimes like up to $1,000 a night, so I'm back. And Brandi left get a nice to this one thing to have sex with a very attractive escort like sexy and scored or whatever, but you're having sex with Brandi Love who one is very attractive and to it's fucking like the bragging rights in that shit is crazy. You see Brandi Love on the porn hub or on the magazine or online. So it's like yeah. Yeah, I was there I had her last weekend. That's some serious fucking bragging rights right there. So whoever these guys are they're she's find attractive if you are not paying for it y'all some lucky motherfucker from tell you that so shout out to you Brandy and oh and side note. I'm trying to give Brandi Love on the show. She said that she would Brandi. I hope you listen to this because you did say that you would you said anytime. I guess any time could be ten years from now, right? So hopefully you're listening and then you can answer my DM follow up with my diem. Appear on the show had this interview when you can answer this stuff. You're on your own instead of be paraphrased everything, right? All right. I'll talk to you later. Thanks for listening. And don't forget the donations every even if it's $1 $5 or