together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to rearrange his day in the presence of God. He wants to realign the purpose of his life with the purpose of God and I think it is an important activity that anyone should be considering doing how does one begin one staying and I think the greatest gift is to begin it with God In Prayer. In solitude in trying to be that which God wants us to be that's the first principle the second principle is to remind ourselves that you know in everything that happens in our lives. We don't have full control of everything that happens. But we do have full control of how we react to those things. We can choose to react positively or negatively. And so to a large degree, we are the masters of our own destiny to a large degree. We can choose how we spend the day. Sometimes you can wake up on the wrong side of bed and you may be frustrated. You may be angry. You may be filled with a little bit of remorse hatred but negativity. It doesn't matter how you feel, but we can always turn those things around we can work around them. We can try and make the best day out of what Would have been a worse day. And so I think one of the greatest things we need to be asking for from God is the ability to keep pushing to keep fighting to see the beauty in everything to see a class that is half full instead of half empty to say goodness in everything that is there to see an opportunity through every experience and that lies within our reach and I think the Lord can give us that gift. He has given us that gift May. Almighty, God bless and protect you the Father the Son and the Holy Spirit. Amen.