Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place.So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or maybe Friday. I don't know one of these days this week, which I will also cover next week because Love is Blind has become my new obsession. I talked about it last week. I was just on the podcast so bad. It's good with I am Baily really suggest you check him out. He has like three hour long podcasts and they're all about pop culture and like Bravo. So if you like that stuff, he's really great. And he has a really nice speaking voice. Like I'm very into his speaking voice. I also want to give a quick shout-out to the smush room podcast because sorry if there's like a whistle sometimes when I say s is there's a whistle in my teeth and I've tried it three times and all three times. There's been a whistle. So it's going to stick in it's going to stay there. So sorry if I just like made you deaf for a quick And but that podcast is awesome. He goes into a lot of celebrity blinds stuff. And I know a lot of you ask me more about celebrity blinds. Unfortunately right now, I don't have like a ton of time to dive into celebrity blinds and kind of like make cohesive thoughts other than telling you random blinds that pop up that I really like but he goes through it. He does a really great job. So that one is the smush room and then so bad, it's good with Ryan Bailey those two podcasts highly highly highly recommend and I actually Talked about how I got my live podcast on Ryan's podcast. It's a funny story. I am think that I just faked my way in to thank but it works out. So it's cool speaking of live podcast, you know, I have to give the plug April 25th in Nashville Zanies, if you want your tickets, there's a link in my bio. Jemmye from The Real World and the challenge and X on the peak. She's my co-host War. It's going to be a really good time. Of course. I'm going to record it and I'm praying that the sound is good. I'm going to do my best for all that and maybe even hire somebody to make sure it sounds good. But I am going to jump in with Love is Blind because you guys know I'm obsessed with it. I mean, I can't stop thinking about it. I just Friday. I got a little tipsy and I actually DMD Lauren and Jessica neither have responded. So I'm trying to get somebody on my podcast to talk about it that was on the show. So we'll see what happens with that. And yeah, let's get into it in again. I know that Is kind of this going to be like a little spoilery. So if you haven't finished the series I would suggest like skipping ahead a little bit if you don't want anything to be ruined because I know sometimes with me I get real bummed when there's a spoiler and I find it out but I spoiled this season for myself a little bit because I just couldn't I couldn't wait there was no choice. So I have to be honest. I never expected to love this show and I am so damn happy that I did give it a shot. So thank you to everyone who slid into my DMs and told me to watch it. And I know that there are a lot of other shows you Guys want me to watch it just takes takes a little bit of bullying to get me to watch a show or you know, what people say, they'll be like you love it and I'll be like you don't know me. Let me watch it. And then I'm like, wow, I really do love it. In my opinion. This is one of the greatest reality shows I've ever seen it played out so well and I think everyone was the right kind of like crazy, which I guess you kind of have to be a little nuts to sign up for a show like this. Like Hey, we're gonna put you in these like storage units that would be in the show you and Joe would keep you in there and then You're going to have to talk to people for hours. And then at the end you're going to get married. I'm down. I wanted to be on the next season of Love is Blind. So if we can figure this out, let's do it. I know everyone hated Jessica, but I mean she was great television. I think she was incredible television. I've heard like a lot of different rumors and I the one that I keep seeing is that she actually wanted to leave in Mexico and production was like no you can't break up with Mark yet. So I wonder if they had to make it to the wedding before they could break. A cup unless you're like Carlton and Destiny who were definitely going to kill each other if they did not break up, but I think GG Gianna Gianna Nina, I'm going to call her Gigi is completely crazy. But great television. Amber reminds me of Buckwild from I think it was Flavor of Love. I'm not I don't think it was Raquel of I'm pretty sure it was Flavor fate that scuse me Flavor of Love, but she's like Buckwild from that show. She could be buckwild's daughter. I was really surprised that Barnett and Amber got married. They It seemed like Barnett was super nervous, like during the whole thing. He's like chewing on his lip and you don't know who's going to say yes or no, but then again, he's probably very afraid of Amber which I don't blame him. I'd be afraid to but somehow that asshole grew on me. I'm like, I don't like Barnett Barnett sucks. And then by the end like, oh my God, I love Barnett sound like Jessica. I was like, yeah. I hate him. I think he's trash now. I'm like, oh he has a song. Laughs God which makes sense about my choice in men for the most part. But yeah, I would say that was like the most surprising Gigi and Damien. I knew they weren't going to get married, but I think they're still together. I think that they're dating still. I don't know if they're married or engaged but I think they're still together and I liked her but she's crazy. I said on the podcast with Ryan that she watched too many episodes of like One Tree Hill or Grey's Anatomy and she wants that big moment the one you see where Brooks like I wanted. To fight for me and then when Meredith is like pick me choose me love me, but she's not getting married to Lucas Scott or McDreamy. She's getting married to Toby from the office. Like Damian really freaked me out. Like very like monotone didn't show at. I mean, I guess he did y'all motion. He cried quite a bit, but there was just something really off about him Damien like freaked me out a little bit. But again, she's not marrying one of those guys. She's marrying Toby from the office and Toby from the off. This is not going to give that to you Gigi. Then we have Kelly and Kenny and they're both really boring. I kept forgetting that they were there by the end of the series. I almost felt like Kelly was worse than Jessica like at least Jessica was like open about it. She's like she's like, I don't really like you Mark. I like Barnett young. How does Jessica talk Mark? I like Barnett. Where's Kelly's like men don't know how to make me orgasm and Ken he's laying there like I just want to have sex with you it reminded me of the movie. I'm pretty sure it was Forgetting Sarah Marshall. There's that couple that isn't having sex or they just started to have sex and it's a guy from parks and recs and he's like, yeah, she's crazy in bed. Like I don't know. It was very that's who they kind of reminded me of even though they weren't having sex. But like Kenny didn't like them didn't dislike and he was just kind of a lamp. He was just kind of they're not getting laid Kelly was like Kelly though. She was kind of like he is not good looking enough to be with me and I'm kind of like homie chill out like damn. It's one thing to have Evidence. It's another thing to be rude as fuck. But you guys all know that I love Cameron and Lauren more than anything. I love them both so much. I think Cameron's great. I do think he is a bit touchy-feely for me, but I'm not Lauren so it's fine like if Lawrence cool with it. I'm cool with it. But yeah, he's always like touching her and I'd be like, please please stop, please. Let me have a moment but Lauren's probably my favorite on the whole show. She dubbed Jessica am essica and icon. Lauren is the moment of Netflix that we've all needed. I think it's really funny how Netflix was like I'm we're going to put out really good shows and then they're like we're going to put out really good movies and now they're like, we're gonna put out really good reality TV smart thinking Netflix. But yeah, Cameron and Lauren perfect couple overall. I love the show. I'm really excited to see the reunions next week because I think Barnett and Amber still together. I know that Lauren and Cameron are still together and I like I said, I think GG and Damien are still together, but the other ones I'm excited to see them hash it out excited to see Jessica. I'm excited to see her. What about when she was like sitting by the fire with Barnett and she's like we're like when she's talking to Mark and she's like I just think Barnett's really hot and want to have sex with him in marks. Like what in the mark sleeps on the couch Mark II don't know if Mark was actually like that blind or if he was just putting on a really good show because he knew that if he came off good people would love him and hate Jessica. There's a part of me that wishes. He was a little more confrontational but it's okay. It's all right one line that like has stuck in my head and I'm jumping back to Gigi and Damien when she's like I lost my butterflies and then and then she's like do you you usually say that I'm the best sex of your life. Do you ever wonder why I've never said that to you in Damien's just like, um, what I feel like that is one of the meanest things you can say to anybody like especially like that. Like do you wonder why I don't think you're the best sex of my life and he's just like, I don't know Gigi. You're not going to get that from Damien. Damien will cry Damien will love you. But Damian is not gonna give you the Meredith McDreamy moments that you want. A lot of people brought up Jessica's voice and how it changes when she talks to guys like LC would do not LC on blind Love is Blind other LC RLC Our Queen See queen of coals. Yeah, that was that was really crazy. Imagine like being engaged to someone in finding out that's not their voice. Yeah. That's how she talks. She's like. Oh my God. No way. I've so I read some articles like she sounds like a sexy baby and I died laughing really quick. The reason they have those wine glasses. It's so we couldn't see the wine like so we couldn't see it going up and down because it's easier to piece segments together when you can't see that and brilliant. Aunt brilliant idea and every show should do that. I definitely give them a round of applause for the way that they put the show together can't wait to see the reunions. I will talk about that next week. I hope you guys like love is blind a few of you said that you watched it because I recommended it so highly so I really hope you've watched it and you've enjoyed it or you've hated it and still watched it because I was kind of on the fence. I'm like do I love this show or do I hate this show because I usually don't do dating shows. But you know, what love this show hate. Certain people on the show love the show though. Alright, so now we're going to talk about the hills and then I'll do the rest of the pop culture stuff after what we're on season 2 episode 9 I watch on Amazon Prime I say that every episode but I like to let people know because I'm I get that asked that a lot. How do I watch The Hills as far as Laguna Beach I own the DVDs. I'm sure you can watch it on MTV up or by episodes off Amazon, but right now we're on season 2 episode 9 and it's called new year new friends and Lauren's doing a recap and we find out that Audrina and Lauren are getting close because she can't wait around forever for Heidi to come around did that sentence make sense? She can't wait forever for Heidi to come around is what I meant to say. Okay. So I mean last episode we were kind of left with Heidi going to the movies and not hanging around for Lauren so we know Heidi hasn't put in the effort in Laurens upset about it, but Audrina and Lauren are shopping for New Year's Eve dresses and Audrina asks who's coming in Lawrence. As Jill AKA Jimmy Hendrix, I wrote Natasha but that's not the girl's name. It's like natima or something. I'm sorry, not Natasha. I wrote your name wrong. And then low so we find out low is back and I'm excited because I feel like everyone was like TLC your team Kristin and I was always like team low. Okay. I was team LC as well, but Lo has always been one of my favorites like Lo and Alex H were my two favorite people off Laguna. So I'm going to play an audio clip and Lauren's going to talk. To Audrina a little bit about the low situation. I'm going to change that. She's going to talk to Audrina about the lowdown. When I was in the truth and it may have been the other way around allegedly. We also find out they're all getting ready at Lauren's and Audrina asks what Heidi's doing in Laurens kind of like, oh, I don't know. She's gonna be with Spencer. I mean, it's New Years. So that makes sense and Audrina asks if Spencer will be in the limo with them and Lauren says he's not allowed in the car. And I mean at least she's very like consistent with her hatred and she doesn't try and be fake about it. But I mean, sometimes you just got to bend a little bit and I understand you really really hate Spencer. He's a sucky person. Person, but try and make your friend's life a little easier maybe so the next scene. We're at a softball game, which is a little random. We just end up at a baseball field and Whitney's up to bat. So Whitney is on a softball team or baseball team. I could not see the size of the ball. So I'm not sure but it's cute Lauren and Audrina are like cheering her on and it reminds me of the episode in Grey's Anatomy where they play baseball. I don't know if you're familiar with Grey's Anatomy. I haven't watched it in like three years, but I think I'm going to have to watch it this week because of karev. Back to the I mean back to the hills. Whitney makes it to second base after her hit. So she definitely crushes that ball and runs and makes it to second base very proud of her. So when he comes over and thanks them for coming and then immediately Whitney she goes. So what are your plans for New Year's and Lauren says her and Heidi didn't make plans for New Year's then from Left Field get it got it because we're at a baseball field. I guess they were actually there were talking about plans and like what happens on New Year's stuff like that. So maybe not super left field but a little randomly Whitney goes. Yeah last year. I kissed like three dudes on New Year's sluttiest moment of my life. Damn Whitney. I want to know slutty Whitney. Is that where is that bad of me? I wish I it's like, oh you're just here to like ask them what their plans are, but I want to get to know what your plans are Whitney and then Lauren says she'll kiss whoever is next to her. She's like I did that two years ago. I just grab some random guy and kissed his face. I have done that as well. What a Ring in the New Year kissing strangers. So Spencer and Heidi are shopping and Heidi and Spencer have dinner plans for New Year's we find that out and they will hang out at area after Heidi's. Like I definitely want to see Lauren and all of her friends and then Spencer goes I'm done hanging out with Lauren Heidi and then Heidi quickly says, she's excited because she wants to make more of an effort. She's like, I really want to hang a Lauren. I really want to make more of an effort with her and then Spencer says he wants to get a house with Heidi. I don't know where he's like well, Well, what would you say if I if I moved out of the condo and you moved in with me into a house and Heidi said she can't move out and then Spencer quickly says what's affecting our relationship basically like well, you're with Lauren that's affecting our relationship and I want to move you into a home and I was I have a question. I'm always like Curious how soon is too soon to move in with someone because I know people who've dated for like five months and then move in with each other and then I know people who've dated for over. Year and still don't live together. I have never been in enough of a serious relationship to have that conversation. But I feel like I need a lot more time than a few months. But again, I guess everyone's different. It's just me thinking just me thinking out loud and the next scene Lauren and Heidi are at the salon getting their hair. Did they are going to area for the countdown that they're doing a big countdown area. They want to go there and that's their that's their main bar. I don't think they go to a do a little bit but it's mostly area nightclub in Lauren starts to talk about this guy from Colorado and ideas like you met a guy last night and then Lauren passive-aggressive. Lauren says, if you to come out you would have known listen Lauren. She doesn't need to go out with you every time you go out and honestly like you should just tell her be like, hey, I met a guy last night instead of saying it like that. So she goes on to say that she called him. She asked him out and she's picking him up and he's also not Lawrence tight. She's like, yeah when you see him, he's nothing. He's not my type. All in Heidi goes. Well, maybe that's a good thing in Lauren quickly says, it's a great thing. Have you met my type then our girl Audrina pops up still have such you blocked me, but I think I think I'm getting a little better with it. I'm not as hurt but I Drina pops up and Heidi looks very jealous. She's and that's one thing I forgot to say in the Heidi and Spencer moment before this scene. He was saying how like Lauren's with Audrina all the time. So Heidi's not even her best friend. So it doesn't matter if she moves out in the Heidi asks, Lauren what's your New Year's resolution and Heidi Lauren quickly says Audrina and I are going to take kickboxing and like a really weird way. Honestly, the way Lauren speaking is how I spoke when I took Adderall what's so and there are like a lot of rumors that the cast is always did Adderall rumors. I'm telling you it's rumors. But like the way Lawrence talking I'm like slow down home girl audrina's quickly like yeah. It's such a good workout. And then Lauren says they're going to do Pizza and champagne at the apartment instead of going out. Dinner and Heidi like quickly stands up. She goes I have to go to dinner. I'll meet you at area next scene. We have Heidi and Spencer going out to dinner because that's what they always do. They're always out at dinner. And I know that's because filming light didn't like them cooking like it was hard to get audio with cooking. So that's why in a lot of reality shows even like Teen Mom are always out to dinner because it's just easier for the audio of the show, but they sit down and of course Spencer says, I don't want to go out. I want to take you home right now. And Heidi goes no fucking Spencer. That's all I can say Spencer goes. Why can't we? All right. You have another boyfriend named Lauren Conrad and he's very worried about moving which makes sense. She knows it'll ruin her friendship with Lauren and again her in spite of Spencer high hopes that her and Spidey her and Spencer haven't been together like super long. So if it doesn't work out it kind of sucks because she's going to ruin a friendship and she'll lose her boyfriend in Spencer's just kind of like whatever in Heidi's trying hard to make Spencer. And Lauren happen. Listen Heidi. It's never going to happen. Please stop trying to make Lauren and Spencer happen. I don't know. I do think that Heidi was very kind of manipulative. I do think that she knew how to play the good girl role and Spencer had no issue being the villain, but I also kind of feel like in the back of her mind or you know, Spencer whispering in her ear. You're the star not Lauren we can take over the show and Heidi was about that in my opinion. That's my opinion. So we're at Lauren's apartment. I Lauren and Heidi's but Heidi is obviously at dinner and they're everyone's taking pictures on their digital cameras. And there's like that little nostalgic. You know when you were taking a picture on a digital camera and it will go it kept doing that like there because they're obviously taking photos lows little digital camera can be like and I'm like, oh my God I missed that sound in Lawrence. Cheers is spending New Year's with people most important to us. See always go in that shade Lowe's excited to go out and everyone is talking. About their New Year's kiss solo asks about Spencer and Lauren just says that she has to see for herself, which I mean I get but she's probably talk so much shit to low about Spencer's solos already aware. She's not supposed to like them and then so the girls leave and we're back to Spencer and Heidi and Spencer keep saying he doesn't want to go to the club and it's just a really quick scene. I think they're driving their honestly. I was writing the notes. I didn't even look up. It was like a blip seen now at the club you see Lauren talking to a hottie named Eric and that Hottie is Derek Feller. I want to say his last name is Derek thel ER from baby daddy, which was on freeform never watched it. But I know a lot of people who loved it and low is just like watching and smiling having a great tee time as Lauren seems super interested in whatever Derek's talking about something about like water skiing with his buddies something like that and they're all taking more pictures passing bottles of Grey Goose passing bottles of champagne Livin the life. That is what I wanted. I live to be bottle service private tables hotties named Eric. So Spencer and Heidi walk in and Lauren points to sponsoring goes too low. She's like that's Spencer and lows. Just nodding her head and she's like sipping on whatever drink she has and Heidi goes right up to low and gives her hug and she goes my boyfriend's cute, right? Whoa. She goes. Yeah. He's totally cute. So shout out too low for making things not weird because we know Lawrence talk some shit about her, but she was like, no, you know, I'm gonna I'm gonna Play cool because I don't want Heidi to feel weird. So I give a lot of credit for that one and then drunk Heidi drops the bomb too. Low. I'm assuming drunk Heidi. She tells low Spencer asked me to move in with him and lows like taken aback by it. She goes that's a pretty big step and then there's some random incoherent screaming and Audrina announces that it's almost 12 o'clock. So that's the end of the conversation. That's there's no more moving in conversation, but Heidi told Lo that and obviously loves going to tell Lauren she knows. As they're prepping for midnight Spencer gives Lauren a sparkler as a peace offering Lauren. Thanks him and takes it and then it's three minutes until midnight and they all light their sparklers at the table. And honestly that would stress me out. I mean, I'd still do it because I don't want to be the lame person with no sparkler, but I it was just made a lot like the thought of having open Flames like that in a club and I know sparklers not like crazy, but even like Fourth of July, I feel like I'm a little bitch about them on like no, I don't want to hold one and Then I see everyone holding one. I'm like, okay, I want to do the Disney Channel thing with my I'm very difficult. But now we start the countdown we start it from, you know, five four, three, two, one and Lauren kisses Derek and then Audrina kisses Lauren, she like grabs Laurens face and kisses her right on the lips. Those are the only two kisses we see they all cheers and Heidi just seems unhappy, but we notice that Lauren doesn't even really talked to Heidi Lorenz very much in her Zone with her at all Derek. I Googled it. Mark is very tall. He's six foot five climb him like a tree but Heidi and Spencer leave actually it starts like this. Okay. This is where the drama starts basically everyone's leaving together and Heidi and Spencer are kind of in the back. So Lauren not Natasha. I forget her name Jilly low and Derek and Audrina. I'll get into the limo and no one says goodbye to Heidi and Spencer. So Heidi and Spencer just kind of like Veer off and Spencer makes it a point to mention Lauren and I am going to play. That clip right now. Okay friends write your best friend is that I still was there a goodbye Heidi I didn't see a goodbye Heidi reality check for you. Who am I Lauren one guy, you know, I do give Heidi credit because she never bashes Lauren on screen, you know Shield talk about how she feels like Lauren is making things unfair but Answer straight up bashing Lauren and she's kind of like stopped like stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Now. We're at Bolthouse. We haven't been a bullet house in a while and Heidi and led our stuffing envelopes Heidi asks, elodie how her New Year's went and LEDs like it was fine. I worked and then Heidi says she's upset that Lauren and Audrina were hanging out more when she tried to make like an effort. She's like, I tried to make an effort to be there. But the whole time it was just about Lauren and Audrina. Nobody really talked to me and what does elodie say LED I actually laughed out loud. She said this she goes well, they probably didn't want Spencer there in like Heidi just stares at her. We love and honest Queen LED is great. And I know that she does not like the way she was portrayed. Let me tell you something LED you have a place in my heart that nominee people can have and then Heidi says that Spencer asked her to move in and led shocked. Heidi says she does want to move in because she's never been so in love. She said that a lot. She's like, I've never loved somebody as much as I love Spencer and when she talks in like that lower voice, you know, she's trying to Be real serious and then Heidi's like or LED was like well, what is Lauren feel? How does Lauren feel about this? And he's like, I haven't told her yet and led reminds Heidi that she still really young and not to just move in with a guy right away because she thinks it's the right thing to do. She's like, you're still really young. You have a lot of Life to Live LEDs basically like please don't do this Heidi now, we're having coffee at Kelly's with Lauren and Whitney. That's the coffee place. They're not at my house. I'm sorry, but of course first words out of Whitney's mouth. What do you think the first words? Our I'll give you one second to guess. How was your New Year's Whitney's role is just to ask those kind of questions. So we start off the episode asking for with her asking what their plans were and now she's like what what did you do? So Lauren says that she had a date that in that's all she needed. She's like I had a date it's nothing more than that. It's just a little fling and she's happy good friends came up in Lauren says, she only saw Heidi for like two minutes which sounds different than Heidi's version of events where Lauren ignored her all night. So both Whitney and Lauren are surprised. Lasted this long and by they I mean Spidey Lauren says she's glad people who really have been there for her were there she kind of looks at me and she's like, I really wish you were there too though. Like she's not trying to she's like, oh shit. I left her out. I didn't invite her but she means a lot to me and know what Whitney says with all her wisdom. We're all trying to find out who our true friends are and that's still true. Luckily. I have a lot of like really solid friendships, but sometimes they even change like I've been friends with someone for a really long time and we kind of went through something. Thing and now it's not the same and it's like well shit, were you ever like my real friend? Let's not get into that and we're not going to talk about that one though. I tell you guys a lot but that one of like holding a little bit closer than most and that's the end of that conversation but Heidi and Spencer have a dinner date because again, that's what they do and Heidi has downed her Martini, they like sit down and she finishes it. They do a cheers but her glasses empty and Spencer start saying that Heidi has baggage, so I'm going to play that audio now, It's might be a little louder because it's in a restaurant. So I just want to give you that heads up. You are choosing to live with somebody at the paintings. You going to clubs. So watching this is that's like emotional abuse. Maybe I feel like it is I don't know because like I know that I really dislike Spencer so sometimes it's hard for me to like be like, oh that's he's just joking but that's not joking and I feel like he if you keep repeating that in someone's ear that's not good. I don't know how you guys feel about that. Tell me on the Laguna biatches Facebook page. Tell me if I'm being crazy or if Spencer's being crazy. So Heidi ends up saying she wants Lauren to like loosen the reins a little bit right after that video audio clips. She's like, you know, I really wish Lauren would just loosen the reins and the kind of let me do some stuff and then she quickly says like Jason and Lauren moved in together for a summer and I didn't care and Spencers like excited. He's like how you gonna break the news to Lauren and there's no no like response from Heidi. So now Randall OH and Elsie dinner and we've missed these two we've missed these two buddies. Come on wait. Nobody was like excited. Lauren and Heidi when this series started I was always like why isn't it low? Why is it this random girl from Colorado? Why isn't it low but they're having sushi, of course and low gets ginger juice up her nose and she's like, oh my God, it's burning my brain very funny moment. But low is happy to be back in LA and Lauren quickly goes she's like I heard Jim was going to go to area but decided not to go. She bought a ticket and everything. She's like who she hang out with now and low just kind of shrugged her shoulders. She's like, I don't know she probably at USC or whatever. In Laurens, like she's probably like I have no more relationships to destroy. So Lauren is hating on bunny hard and then Lauren quickly says, I'd rather have a few real friends then many fake friends and then low drops the bomb. You know, what the bomb is get ready audio clip coming. Who's moving into your apartment when Heidi moves out with Spencer? He tell you that how you can watch me on New Year's and like Spencer asked me to move in with him and I'm like thinking about it. She didn't tell you that I know and I shouldn't really really shouldn't I don't think she would move in with Spencer. It's way too soon. Like I know she's crazy in love, but she's not that crazy at the end of that conversation. Lauren just goes Are you done and then logos awkward? Do you guys remember I really don't say that anymore used to do something you'd be like awkward. And I remember one time I made my status. It was like that awkward moment where the awkward thing is an actually awkward at all. Such sass I've always been such a SAS whole but yeah, so that's the end of the episode sad music playing and we know there's about to be some big drama and I kind of Wonder like is Lauren that good of an actress or is that truly a surprise? I genuinely think it's a surprise. I think Lauren was kept in the dark about a lot of things even if other cast members were aware of it in production was probably like low wait until you go to dinner or something like that because Lauren if as I said if Lauren didn't know half the shit she deserves an Oscar. I know they don't give Oscars away to TV television actresses, but she deserves one for sure. But that is it that is the episode. It ends on a really rough note and it's going to get even rougher for our Heidi and Lauren fans. So I kind of tease this on my story on Friday or Thursday, I think but Tim and I have kind of had a big head to head and not a big head to head because neither of us are mature enough to like talk to one another really about shit. So I will admit I am immature about this. Okay, I'll admit that. I haven't been the most mature but he's being a fucking child and I'm about to tell you why I feel like I haven't really talked much about him as of late are maybe I have whatever but if you've listened to the podcast for a while, you know that he takes up a lot of free rent in my mind at times. X it all just hits me at once and other times I can just kind of like forget about them, but it's hard. It's really hard to explain and it sucks because he sit so close to me at work. I feel like if we sat on opposite ends of the office we'd be way better. I'd be way better. At least I'll start off by saying this I didn't invite him to the live podcast because he would throw me off. I did send out a few an email to like a few people that I wanted to come a couple co-workers and someone asked him if he was going and he quickly said I don't think my girlfriend would like that. At which I was kind of like. Oh, I didn't know mean your girlfriend had any issues like that, but I'm assuming he spun some crazy story or I mean, I do have a little segment about him in my podcast. So maybe that's why she doesn't like me but I met her that one night. Remember I told you guys about that one night and we got along fine. It's not her. I dislike it's him but Callie and I were actually at talking about this before she moved and I kind of told her that and she's like, you know what he probably says, he's probably like she moved into my apartment complex because she likes me. She always hit me up to go to the pool because she like Smee I mean, he's the one who told me like hey, it's pretty affordable here. You should move here it would be fun to hang out at the pool in the summer and I'm like cool anyway issue with Tim and he's is that he's like very likable people always say at work. He's the nicest guy and I'm an easy villain because I can be a bitch like I have no issue speaking my mind. So if he wants to be like Kelly's a bitch and she's jealous and all this people could be like, okay, she's jealous. I got that there's some more like just real and I feel like for a lot of people I'm a lot like I'm not gonna say me because I don't I'm a mean person but kind of more closed off when you first meet me. It takes a while for me to warm up to some people. That's all. But anyway, this Thursday, I was in the break room at talking to someone and Tim walked in and he still isn't talking to me so he's weird. But again, he's trying to act like friend like this friendly awesome guy. He's like talking to the girl. I'm talking to and I'm like, excuse me. This is like a conversation and you're not talking to me and she knows that so I don't know if he's aware that like a lot of the office knows about this so Eyes, but he starts getting really awkward and I brought up something I want to be involved in and it's kickball. I know that sounds childish, but at work kickball is a lot of fun a good group of people do it and I'm basically friends with everyone who does it but the issue is Tim runs the team Anyway said I really want to join kickball with you guys this season and he did a really weird laugh then walked away but the girl was like, yeah, definitely we need more people so Tim ends up like moving into the doorway, so I wasn't even in his line of view. He's like leaning in the doorway not even make so he can't even see me and I'm like what is happening? This is wild. I'm like be a fucking adult. I'm trying to join a kid pull T. So the girl and I was talking with and Tim talked a bit more and he goes back to his desk and I did the same thing and then I get an I am from the girl that I was talking to the break room, and she goes Tim sent out an email about kickball and kept you off of it again. I was like that motherfucker. I was so mad. I felt like Gigi like Gigi and love is blind always goes you Fucker that's exactly how I felt and like I don't know what I did. That was so horrendous that he can't even look at me. Like he can't even have a little conversation with me. Did I talk some shit? Sure. Did he talk some shit? Yeah, he did too. So whatever. I'm over it. I just want to play kickball and I was talking to Callie about it and she's like, he'll probably say it's because you left him off the podcast email but end of the day if he expressed interest and if he was like I want to go I would have sent him the link in do I want him to go? Absolutely not. But a lot of our mutual work friends are going so obviously I'd be like, yeah, whatever like I'm not going to not I don't know if he expressed interest in going I would have made sure he had a link but he's out there telling everyone I ignore him all this stuff because he doesn't want people to know he's a huge douche bag and thank you for letting the me get all this off my chest. I understand that I could try and talk to him, but I don't think he's mature enough for that. I don't think there's a point in talking to him about that. Thank you. It's a dear diary entry if I've ever heard one. So this past Say something happened and it was very bizarre. So I went to my friend's birthday party and we just all hang out and her friend was there and I thought him and I were like kind of hitting it off. We were vibing boy was I wrong so we started at one bar and then we went to another bar and that's where it turned. He asked me about one of my friends who was there earlier in the night and he's like she's really pretty and I'm like, yeah, she's beautiful and he goes did she have a personality though? And I was like, yeah, she has a great personality like she's really cool and this Asshole goes yeah, usually beautiful people don't like need a personality because they can get away with their looks but I mean someone like you you're like a solid to with a personality of a 10 when I tell you my jaw hit the bar. I just looked at him and go who the fuck let you talk to women that way like taught you that that's okay and he goes, oh, no, I don't mean any I don't mean any offense. I'm just I'm just telling you that like 99.9% of people have someone else out there. Just not that guy for you, and I just kind of looked at him like who said I wanted you to be that guy and he was all I'm saying is end of the night. We're not going home together. What the fuck can we all just stop like rating people on a number scale. Let's let's let's cut that shit out. I just I'm not at first I went I went home like when I was home Friday, I was like kind of upset about it. But now that it's Sunday and I have a clearer mind. I'm just kind of like what the fuck where did that even come from? Like? Oh my God, just a weird thing. My life has a Lot of weird moments in that was definitely a weird moment. All right, let's talk about some pop culture now. Shall we now that I have like all my personal shit out there this past week Jersey Shore premiered and I have to say it. I have to say it. I'm kind of over Jersey Shore. I don't know why they feel like they need to like keep bringing it back. But I think it's time to stop shooting. I do think that this I hope the seasons the last season of the reunions, whatever family vacation just let it die out. Everybody's going to have spin-off shows. They'll all be fine. I It's like we get it Angelina wants Vinny blah blah blah. JWoww is a bad bitch and it's going to fight and Ice Cream Man blah blah blah Snooki loves to get wasted and has a good time in Pauly D loves to yell his jokes. I don't know. Usually, I mean I have liked the seasons that have come up for the reunions, but I just can't get into it like this first episode. I was like, wow, I'm really annoyed with them and maybe it's because I've been on a Love is Blind binge kick, but I don't know. I just I hope that after this season it's over. / I'm going to say this though. I do think Paulie and Angelina have hooked up. I have zero evidence to support this but I swear something he's gone on between the two of them like theirs in this past episode. There was a moment in the strip club in like she's standing real close to Polly and I think Polly has his hand around her waist not sure if I'm right, but that's just that's just something that's always in the back of my head. I feel like Polly's very very flirtatious torch Angelina and I want you guys to keep an eye out if you watch that show a few people. Hi feel about Vanderpump Rules. If you don't know or don't watch this show there was just like an episode where Brittany and Jax found out that their Pastor said a whole bunch of horrible homophobic transphobic things and they kind of like made it out that it wasn't a big deal. And then Tom Sandoval was like, why didn't you guys do something sooner and everyone's kind of like Tom don't act like you're better than everyone blah blah blah blah blah. I really don't have any thoughts on it. I don't think Jackson Britney are good people and I know that Britney has everybody fooled with her little Kentucky accent, but I'm also kind of like you married Jax Taylor. You're not a great person. I mean, he's a shit human. He's not a great human and I feel like your significant other says a lot about you who you associate yourself with says a lot about you. I'll pass a it that way I guess but then there was just a picture that was came out about like her being in a bar fight and I was like, yeah, that doesn't surprise me. She's run. I feel like her whole thing is mostly an act. I'm sure she's like not a terrible terrible human, but you married Jax and I feel like it's kind of crazy. So I have never liked James Kennedy and she made me like James Kennedy because of how much I disliked her this past reunions. It's kind of like you act what in like Mean Girls, you know, and she's like you act like I lived in Africa with all the monkeys when really you're a bitch Katie, that's how I feel about Brittany. I don't know if you guys watch it. This season is getting pretty rough. I was trying to have low expectations going to it looks big tations, but it's rough season this past weekend. I did watch the Pete Davidson stand up on Netflix, and I didn't think it was bad. Had a lot of people are saying it was cringy. There were some like cringe moments. He says, you know and yeah a lot or he says right so I guess I say right a lot in my podcast, but he will be like, you know, right, you know, right, you know, I didn't think it was that bad. There were some moments that I didn't like enjoy but that's any stand up. I feel like stand up just kind of gets stale sometimes in the middle and then it get it builds in ends really well and then somebody suggested to listen to his interview with Charlemagne, which is on YouTube. It's an hour. Long and it's really really good. Like I'm not a huge Pete Davidson fan in general. I do think he got the kind of shit end of the stick after him and Ariana Grande broke up, but I really liked that conversation that he had with Charlemagne. I suggest you watch it. It's an hour long. So maybe like put your headphones in and listen to it, but it's really good. And yeah, somebody did ask me what my dream reality TV crossover event would be and it was actually like super difficult for me to think. About I love the challenge which is real world and like every other show that MTV has in the UK at the moment, but I kept thinking about it and I would have loved to see like the hills but make the real world if that makes sense. I want them all to live in the same house. Let's see that Madness. I feel like I would have liked Gossip Girl In The OSI crossover, but I know that's not reality TV. I would have loved to see summer and Blair go back and forth. But let's be clear Blair would win I would love to see Ryan like punch Chuck in the face. And then I'd love to see Serena in Marissa be problematic and cry about their rich people problems Seth and Nate probably wouldn't get along but I guess Seth and Dan would get along they could get along just fine. Yeah, I think I would have liked to see that kind of crossover and I'm trying to think of more but maybe like early seasons of Vanderpump Rules go out with early seasons of Jersey Shore, that would be a chaotic mess, but I would love that and I don't watch a ton of reality TV. I'm To watch more so I can see what everyone DM's me about. I promise you I'm trying like Callie watch the circle on Netflix and she's like you could win the circle you need to watch that. You need to be on the circle. I'm like, okay, I don't know maybe I am putting a lot of time into the live podcast. So I want that to be like incredible so I can kind of maybe go on some kind of like little tour. It's kind of tough with a full-time job. I don't know how to even make a shift to make this my full-time job, but it would be a lot more podcasts. Because a lot of people will say like we want you to do more One Tree Hill we want you to do the OC. It's like I would love that. I want to do a whole episode based on One Tree Hill, I would love that but I just don't have time right now. Hopefully work will settle down a little bit and I'll be able to do that. I was talking to somebody about my podcast and I'm like, I don't know how to make it like grow a lot more because I am getting new listeners every month. But sometimes they fall off a lot of you guys have stuck around though. So thank you so much for sticking around for as long as you have and she mentioned guests and I don't think I've ever really talked about this the the one thing that I really wanted. Obviously there's podcast started my whole page and everything started with me hiding behind Laguna Beach and Hills people kind of being more Anonymous. Obviously, it ramped up a little more when I moved to Nashville and started doing live but I feel like this is very much me this podcast has been very much mine and I don't want to lose that. I don't know if that even makes sense, but it's like I haven't had many guests because I've had to hide behind the cast for so So long and now this is something that I put together even though it is based off what they did so many years ago. I really hope that makes sense. There's a lot of there's a lot of different feelings and I follow this girl Lauren Lippmann. She does a lot of Taylor Swift things and she put up this video about how she felt like Taylor Swift was like she loves Taylor Swift but it was taking over her life too much and that's what I've kind of talked about with Lagoon in the Hills. That's why I'm glad I do more pop culture stuff on the podcast. That's why I do more like me. Eames of different shows, but Laura I'm sad but Lauren, I guess Lauren Conrad but Laguna in the Hills will always be my comfort zone and I just I'm trying to make it my own. I don't know. I'm just kind of rambling saying words. But yeah somebody in the Facebook group brought up my job hunt and I'm sticking it. I'm doing my best. It's it's really hard when you you know, I live so far away from my family and best best friends. It's kind of like shit. I spend so much time at I work and I hate every second of it. Maybe not every second. I hate like most seconds of it. I won't say every second because I do work with some really great people that make my life great. Like I love a lot of the people I work with some of them. I don't and unfortunately the ones who I don't seem to affect me more and I'm not way with anything though. It's hard for me to kind of take a step back and accept the positive things. I'm more so like oh, well, I could do this better. I could do that better Bubba blah, but we're all just in this world. In our best. Oh quick before I forget I get asked a lot about Nashville a lot. Like where should I go? What should I do? And I have to be honest. I don't really do things that are expensive like Shannon put together this whole tutorial. It's on her page and a lot of the places that she listed for like food. I don't go there because it's really expensive like Restoration Hardware. It's like 15 bucks for a burger and it's great food like they They have a lobster roll that I really like. It's $18 though. And I don't really a money like that. So let me tell you the cheap way to go about Nashville. I don't know where to stay getting air B&B. I'm going to assume or if you can stay in the van der Bilt Midtown area Tavern. I love Tavern it's a little bit expensive but it's totally worth it for brunch. A lot of people go to like Hampton social a lot of people go to the tat go to Tavern actually go to Dogwood or lie. Folk a lot of people will tell you go to hop Smith hop Smith will screw you over and give you in like they charge a tip. So your bill you're kind of like oh what and they don't tell you that they charge a tip. So you're about to spend like $40 in just tips alone expensive Live Oak two-for-one bottles Dogwood. You can get a huge Mimosa that has a whole bottle of champagne in it trying to think of other places. I usually stay on demand Brean or Midtown because drinks are a little bit cheaper than they are on Broadway. Also if you're on Broadway, Don't keep your phone in your back pocket. I know that's where I keep my phone a lot actually anywhere in Nashville. Your phone will get stolen. Especially if we are at Jason Aldean's FGL house Luke Bryan's bar crazy town. I've heard of phones getting stolen my hairdresser used to work at Crazy Town and she said one night. They got like 30 to 40 people got their phone stolen keep your phone in your hand or in your purse and keep your purse like in front of you if you can don't go down. Have alone at night because I have heard really I mean I used to do that really unsafe don't do that. My friend was walking and she saw this girl get like thrown to the ground and she ran over and acted like she knew the girl and the guys ended up pushing my friend and like throwing this girl in the back of this white SUV luckily somehow there were cops right around the corner and they ended up pulling the car over and it was some like sex trafficking thing. So 2nd Ave. Where Has Ends don't continue to go up that that street. I'm trying to think of other things that I could tell you when you before you get in a lift check the license plate if you can go to a show at Bridgestone, it's a really cool experience. It's one of my favorite Arenas I've ever been to you'll see live music everywhere. I'm trying to think I would say the expensive place that I like is La Jackson rooftop got a really cool view, but it gets really really crowded. Say check out Rare Bird, I would Check out up. It's another nice Rooftop Bar. There's a hidden bar the Noel hotel, which is really cool. You basically walking go to the left go to the left again and screw a storage closet. It's pretty small bar, but it's a cool experience. And yeah, so I love tin roof on demand Brean. That's one of Shannon's favorite places to dog house has a lot of fun. I don't really like go on Broadway that much because I live here I guess. But when I do go to Broadway, I like tin roof on Broadway. I like Nashville underground. I will I won't go to FGL. I almost just said I'll go there. I mean my dad and I went there for dinner. So like they have good food, but I wouldn't go there at night. It always smells like a hint of vomit. So try I'm just not into that. I'm also older so like maybe if I was 21, I love it, but not at 28 whiskey rose cool. I think it's a little overrated but it's cool enough a lot of steps a lot of steps that Whiskey Row So if you want to get to the rooftop, there is no elevator. So yeah, those are my natural tips. I hope they help a little bit. Everything's really spread out to a lot of people end up only going to to like what the wings in The Gulch 12 South go to bar taco. I'm going to say go to Taqueria del Sol over bar taco. They have way better food in my opinion Draper James is in twelve South. I love to drive up and down Music Row. That's where Adam Umbreon and Midtown is but that's where I All the record labels are and hopefully one day I can end up working at one of those. But yeah, I hope those Nashville tips kind of helped you. I just kind of rambled a bunch of stuff. But if you are in Nashville, please hold onto your phone. Don't don't like keep it in your back pocket. Make sure you have your purse like in the front of you because people just steal your shit and you don't want that to happen to you. But I hope to see what the Nashville Show April 25th The Hills Season 2 is filming. I don't know why they're doing a season 2. We already know how fake that show is, but Cedric will be making an appearance. Probably. I don't know. I'm just not excited about the hills. Reboot really don't want to watch and someone's like why don't they have you on staff? I'm like because I say shit like that. But yeah, they're like no we're all still friends were all hanging out. So can't wait to see what kind of fake ass drama. They stir up this season. I also have to say I kind of liked this last episode of very Cavallari I ate liked when Jay dropped his phone in the water. ER and everyone was flipping out and he's like whatever the fact Kristen was like I'd have to get blackout drunk if I dropped my phone in the water. I felt that I would probably go home. Justin was like I'll just go home. It is pretty boring of a show but I liked those moments. I thought they were fun in more organic like drunk Kristen will let loose and I like that. I think it's weird how all of a sudden Brittany is not working as hard as she supposed to kind of like we've seen this happen and honestly by next season, Brittany's fired Britney is the sole survivor of season one and that bitch is about to get fired. I Feel It In My Bones poor Britney. That's the last thing she needs it's really weird. It seems like a lot of people are torn whether they like Brittany or dislike Brittany. I don't I don't dislike Brittany. I mean, I think that she gets a lot of pressure put on her and that's not that's not like a healthy work environment. So I'm not going to say I dislike Brittany. So yeah, I imagine she's going to be fired by next season and next season. And Kristin will not show the company at all because it had I'm pretty sure it's been picked up for season 4. I'm like 99.9% sure it has been so yeah, that's that's my very Cavallari thought scooter and Justin I like them a lot. I just think this whole like settling down storyline is getting super played out and I'm kind of over it. It's almost as annoying as the Kelly storyline at this point, but please be sure to subscribe rate comment. Tell your friends to listen. I'm trying to think anything else. Tell your moms to And if you're bringing your mom to the live show, please let her know that I do cuss and Jamie is going to swear a lot more than I do. But I hope you guys have an awesome week. Let's get through this we can do it. Let's try and have a positive headspace. This is me simply talking to myself. But seriously, hope you guys have an awesome week. Thank you so much for tuning in. Bye.