Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side. Any difficulties faced while coming of age and you never know maybe some of their experiences could relate to you and therefore give you a little bit of insight on how to deal with some of the problems. If not, it could relate to your friends. So, please share this podcast out. I'm really happy to keep this podcast going and I'm really really excited for what's to come. So without further Ado I would like to present to you episode 5 of basically growing up. Hey stop, laughing. All right, we have a guest here. Nikki Stables. She's a Hong Kong student curly and exchange in Denver Denver in America, David, Colorado. All right. So, how are you? How are you doing? How are you doing? I'm okay. I'm Legit procrastinating right now across the nating. I'm currently calling you right now should be. About 12:30 a.m. If I'm correct in America. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm severely sorry not sorry for keeping you awake. It's fine. All right. Anyway, so how are you? Like, how's everything so far in America dude? It's an actually pretty fun. Like okay, I'm not gonna lie the first week kind of sucked because I was like getting used to like the weather and like everything but like it slowly progressed into being something super enjoyable. So yeah, so like what was your first impression when you got there like like how is that like, it's just a shame place or no? No. No, I thought was really pretty because like we landed and then from the airport you can legit sea like mountains with snow on it and I was just like mine fucked because I never saw mountains and like snow before way. You see a snow you seen mountains, but you never seen mountain with snows. Yes, I would like Was actually super pretty and then because we're pretty high up in elevation. So I had like really bad headache for like a week because I wasn't used to the difference because you know for in Hong Kong you come from like sea level. Yeah, and then now you're up like a mile. I don't know it's hard. The first week was just hard and it was just so cold. I think the first date there I experienced my first negative temperature and that was just shit. And it didn't even wear enough clothes and it was raining and I was out because it was New Year's so like you got there it was like kind of bad. But then you start to like settle in I would say, so, can you just tell the audience which university you go to University of Denver? Is there other universities around or just University of Denver in Denver? There's lots of universities around. I think there's like University of Colorado I think and that's pretty I think that's a good school. I don't know. There's a lot of schools nearby. I just don't know what they are. So why University of Denver because they had a women's rugby team. So I was just looking forward to trying something like well having something familiar in an unfamiliar place kind of give me like some reassurance and stuff. That's fair. That's fair. Like like you can still break something that you love in the Hong Kong bring it over there and you can still keep on enjoying it. Yeah, I like and I thought Denver was a super chill place. He's so what's your impression so far in America, like like you at first its kind of bad, but what about now? Currently? I am enjoying it like a lot like people here are so nice and welcoming and like super helpful like first few days of classes, then know where the fuck I was going. But like I had legit people who I met for the first time taking me to class and I was like, wow that's amazing and like, I don't know. It's just fun. You know like meeting the rugby girls making friends playing broomball, like wow experiences. I never thought that I would get to experience here and the chit thought I was just going to sit in class and have no friends and like just travel around for six months, but I actually like staying in Denver. So speaking of staying in class. Can you just tell me what a difference that you noticed so far from universities in? In America compared to universities in Hong Kong because you know you went to both I mean cuz Okay, it's super small class teaching. So like okay some classes only have like ten students in it or at most like 30 and even then it's mostly discussion-based, of course some topics that teachers actually talking at you, but he does or he or she does leave room for you to like ask questions or to discuss something. But like a couple of my classes is purely discussion-based like she would spend the first 15 minutes introducing the topic and then the rest of the class is people's opinions about the readings. They that we had to do for that class or like presentations books about films and it's just so different like, you know back home. You just sit in class and just listen absorb absorb and absorb absorb attempt to absorb, but I attempt Not even attempt exactly and laptops and class. Like I can't even take my phone out in class. Whoa really bad lap. Yeah, they banned laptops inside of my classes. So like they actually force you to talk. Yeah, and like she was like, no you can't do it any copy of the reading you actually have to print it out. I'll environmentally unfriendly. Right, but she was like if you feel so strongly about that then go recycle your papers after the class and I was just like wow, that's where she's gonna be like all your note. You have to print it out right down and then you can type it onto your computer and make it online notebook if you want exactly so I don't know. It's been fun though. Like I actually enjoyed the discussions because what we discuss here is super different so you You study psychology and University of Denver. What other classes do you take? Well, I took Chinese literature and film okay film you took film. It's got Chinese literature and film so it's like we--okay the same thing kind of so we do watch like Chinese movies and we talk about it. That's nice connecting to your roots a little bit. No, it's nothing about Hong Kong. So, okay like, oh no back by that unlike your I don't know. I don't know. We say Jet Li know like Stephen Chow and all that stuff. No, it's like all about history. It's like piano and square and also more like documentary films ish. Okay. Okay, what are the difference that you've observed about student to student behaviors or like how they talk how they have do group projects and stuff because in Hong Kong there's always that it's like I feel like it's worldwide where there's one person who does all the job one person who's a freeloader. R and then the other people just you know pitch in and like the field last few days or something like that, but then what is it the same in Denver or like in America? I mean at least in my experience so far? No, I mean, okay fine. We do our projects last minute, uh-huh as in like just terrible listeners. Please do not copy. It's not it's not last minute. But like let's say it's 1 hour before class and people are still typing but at the end they finish it, so I have no complaints about that. That's what I did during my presentation. So like two weeks ago. I did let presentation we did on over zoom and then I was a second one to present. Yeah. So the first girl who did the presentation before me she was like presenting and I was like yo, there's some points where she did was really nice. Let me copy that so I like went online to where she went like from her source and like type Mach the relevant of my topic and it is like screenshot and it did I legit added two extra slides on my presentation right before or right before I have to present it and like when she was nearly and I'm like, please keep going please. Keep going. Please keep going. I have to finish this after finish this like how is it your your side? It's not exactly like that. I mean we have to get it done before class because we actually have to submit it to the teacher, uh-huh an hour or so before class, but I submitted mine before the presentation and then like once I found out I want to update I was like sir. I uploaded the wrong file. Do you mind if I re-upload it and it's like, okay. It's Problem, dude. No, we just send the Google Slides thing and then we just change it. Okay, it's like changing on the spot. Yeah. So how is it like would like friends or like people around the community around in America? What how's the different to Hong Kong the lifestyle pays the living conditions and all that stuff. How is it different or similar? Okay, the lifestyle paste here is like super slow. I don't feel stressed doing anything. You know, how like when you go to welcome or go to park and shop. It's like a literal race to get all your food onto the cashier thing and then you have to like kind of quickly pack and like because the person behind you is giving you the stink eye and if you like, sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry or like when you like stared and Uncle and he's like Mom ma'am. All God. It's like stuff like that, but I actually am actually like a Afraid to go to the supermarket because they make small talk and it's just like I don't know what to say. So I always just use the self-service Isles. I was buying cereal and he was like, hi you like Captain Crunch and I was like, no. I just wanted to try it and then he and it was like a phone conversation about favorite cereals and why he can't eat cereals anymore and I just found out that because she had high blood pressure or something. I was just like, huh. He just made a new New friend I made friends. It's gonna be gonna help him to his house to the hospital if you have enemies help. No man. It's just it's just so different that I don't even know my kid here back home, but here, you know everyone imagine like like I just I'm just imagining how you're having a conversation about cereal and the person behind you is just observing or like listening to music and just not giving you giving a damn but in Hong Kong, it's the same thing happened having conversation about cereals like it going go mate. I thought maybe I'll go see Ghana exactly and like the other day. I was just waiting for my delivery and then the Postmates person she was parked in the middle of the road because like my apartment is on this side of a some Road and then there was a car waiting behind her. He like honk his horn. He was like, yeah you go deliver that food and I love what he's not swearing like wow. What this is real culture shock now like why are people not swearing at each other? So speaking of cultural shock? What are the differences comparing Americans to Hong Kong people? What is like one standout thing that you've noticed? They're just super chill here. No one's angry at each other small talk is an actual thing. Yeah, like I've never you know, how in like the bus or like on the train someone would start randomly like you'd bump into someone and then they'd be like Looking at you for the next hour you're on the train. But but like people here are just like so chilly. I they like I bumped into them but they're saying sorry to me and I was just like ha wait. Wait, what? What is this can a person within a process? What is this? What is it? It took me a while to load and I said, oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but like I was like, why does he is saying sorry to me like I don't get it and one more thing so, Like going to class right? It's a big thing here to open doors for people. Yeah, right so they can educate you and you're rushing to class. You're just legit slipping through the door you like your arms are up and you're just budget wishing you like the slimmest person on Earth sliding through the doors, right? But here we actually wait for you to like, I'm at the bottom of the stairs and someone's holding the door for me and they're like, very embarrassed and just like, I'm sorry I hit keep your head low. Like I'm thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Yes, exactly and I was just like, huh? Okay. Sure. So how long have you been in America so far about two months two months. So you have around three to four months left. You're coming back around June, right? Yeah, but I kind of want to delay my flight now, so but there were you going to stay can you stay in the apartment or just move into a hotel? I'll just find some place to rent. I don't know. If you're going to delay your flower, you know stay in Denver or maybe go somewhere else. I don't know that I'll probably stay in Denver for a bit and then I will like just do stuff with the rugby girls or like my friends here and then I'll just travel around like I've always wanted to go to New York, but I'm broke JJ right now. So I'm just waiting for HK you to give me money basically. Well, hopefully you get that money and then probably get a trip to New York. I mean, I got some friends I can hook you up with them. So, you know connect you guys. Um, so what are your so you've been there for like 2 months already? So what are the have you discovered a favorite restaurant favorite thing to do? Okay. Favorite thing to do like pie far is playing rugby with the girls like okay, we train three times a week and that's insane for me because you know back home. We train like once a week and even then it's sometimes it just doesn't happen because it's not not enough people. Okay, rugby is not really a big sport yet. I mean is it for it's still University Sport and we should be you should be taking it seriously, but the numbers don't show up. So I don't know and then I don't know we train three times a week and it's always such a mood booster, you know, like just seeing them talking to them and we're just doing like dumb stuff and training together. It's just really supposed to take it serious Why you doing dumb stuff? No, because it's something that's almost right? Oh someone's no as in like we're like trying out moves and like come always failing at doing it and if people just chasing after the fall laughing and like it's just so fun. Like I literally okay the other day at Jim I was doing some bench presses and then my teammate came up to me and she was like fill the bird. I was I nearly fell well Off the Bench dude, I have like literally weights and I couldn't even lift them up because I was laughing too hard. It's just such a good atmosphere. That's the weirdest thing because like usually nobody should talk to you in gym. Like you just do your own stuff mind your own business like in Hong Kong here. Okay. So like I've like I've been going to the gym a lot but then I've actually dreaded it now because there's so many people there now because everyone's just stuck at home or not doing anything. So people are like if I'm stuck at home, I might as well. Make well use of my gym membership that I've been wasting my money on and like so last night I went and there were like 20 people in like a low-key medium sized gym, and I'm like, no everyone's just using all the stuff and like I can't Jim properly like it's just so much not pressure. But you feel like someone's looking at you or just up. Yeah something but then you know, you should just mind your own business, but then I wouldn't expect if I'm doing bench presses and then just someone come up to me and like field of her bird, but then again, It's like teammates, right? So you're there to make each other. Have fun and laugh. Although like okay back home. I guess like Jim trading was taken super seriously if we laughingly like extra squats or something, but like here it's like everyone's just having a good time like lip-synching to songs dancing in between sets and it's just a very guys doing dude. It's so fun. Like they put this playlist on people we would be foam rolling and people would also be dancing is just fun, you know. It's just different. So after the gym you have to go eat. Have you discovered any favorite places to eat or any favorite food full disclosure. I'm not a big fan of American food. Okay, but I do like like there's this restaurant called jelly and it's like it serves breakfast right all day breakfast. No, it closes at 3:00. But okay. It's a more like a brunch place and it's they had the best pancakes but it's like a soup. Super super big portion and I couldn't even like I ate there for brunch and I couldn't even eat dinner. It was that big American portions are always like big as fuck dude. I can. Oh, I'm just like I stare at my plate and I'm like, I feel like such a fat shit like it's so big and don't want to waste food. So of course you're going to get takeout and so like I said because I have leftovers, but okay. Okay. I actually experienced that before like having large portion. I feel like the two places with large portion is China and America, so like you know, when you go to like tour like like Chinese tour in China, mainland China and then like you go to the hotel to give it like bam all these big-ass food and then America when I stayed with my Uncle Wayne like his wife cooked a lot like it was like just the four of us my Uncle Wayne his wife his mom and myself and they're like five dishes and each dishes are like the sizes of for her for her Palms spread out. Holy shit. It's like bigger. I know it's like culture shock as well. They may I order food and I expect it to come in like a bowl, but it comes in like a big plate and it's just piled on top of each other and I'm just like how that's why I like I would dread I won't it's not that I won't enjoy it. I will enjoy it but I'll dread eating American food with some like older family members because they're going to tell you sick totila cedilla. Yeah. Yeah. My play is gotta be like full of fucking meat and like vegetables support each other at 6:30. Finally. We have three bowls of rice stop stop, but then I have to eat a whole meal exactly just give a thumbs up and crying inside exactly. You just literally eat until you're like so full and let's just say just roll your way home or something. Yeah. What's the weather like over there? Okay. Now we're having a warm week, which is very welcomed because the past couple of weeks have been super cold. Okay, like I think there's no right there is snow and I'm just getting a little bit annoyed by the snow because he loves know the mountain with snow okay on mountains, it looks pretty but when it turns into black ice in front of your apartment and your just slipping and sliding the class, I'm not for that. Like I cannot if you get the class faster, you just slide know you're eating shit, but like every morning you're just sliding down the There's and you're just like legit hands out and you're just slowly shuffling and you have five minutes to get to class and you're just it cannot like I try to speed walk it and Ice nearly slipped like no it's not happening. So we covered a lot about your experience in America. So for the last note, let's say there are some listeners who are currently planning on an exchange or like in the future who are they're still in high school and then they know universities have Exchange program. What advice would you give them or like which place should they go? What are the what are the key points to think about what before making a decision? Okay. First thing is you need to start planning it when you're in your one because in certain institutions, I know that exchange is very competitive. So you need a good GPA to go to like places such as the UK or even like Even Australia, I think you need a good GPA. Of course. It depends on the institution. I think another thing to factor in is cost. Okay, you need a save up for that shit because it's so expensive like it's not just like what you're going to spend here. It's like sure okay, I think most in exchanges. You don't need to pay the host institution School fee, but you had to think about accommodation. You have to think about buying your weekly groceries. Sometimes you have To play pay for electricity. It's like okay here. I don't but I know some places you do and it's just everything you have to factor in everything and like I wouldn't tell you where to go because it's really up to you but go somewhere you feel super uncomfortable in because it's a new experience. Yeah, you get its new experience and you just have tons more fun. You know. Yeah, I get it. I get it, you know you go to a strain like That place that you're not familiar with and then you just start making friends and those friends can like show you around show you what's their living lifestyle like and just maybe use in and maybe for you in the next few months you might turn into a you might turn into something similar to a local dump. I mean a Denver local know that Denver so big it's impossible finally one or some few things during exchange that people should know about About like exchange students should know about or like how do you how to deal with some pressures or like meeting new friends? Because you know, you're alone. You don't know what to do. What should I do? Okay, so set of Institutions at least in the u.s. If your if your semester ends and a quarter system, you'll have better luck meeting friends because there's bound to be some sort of orientation week where you can meet like a couple of people and you can find out what they study and see if you can study the same courses Or actually like what I recommend is just joining clubs that I joined Club Sport and I met so many people so I guess having connections like because great social network is a good base to start off to a good exchange. Yeah, and I think you can also think about this balance every other exchange students there so you can see on like some like at least from my host University here. They had someone reach out and connect us. Us with all the other exchange students so we get to hang out with them for a bit and I met like people from like Spain and from Sweden and it's been really fun even Australia and that's like it's been great you of course, you'll make friends at the exchange students first because we basically kind yeah, you're the same kind basically, but eventually you'll be able to Branch out it comes with time. Like I didn't make friends like proper friends, I guess until maybe The third week of January Mmm Yeah towards the end of January because I was like, I'm Legit loaner for a bit and then I joined the Rugby Club and met people and I'm sure there are a lot of different people who have different characteristics that may find us some may find you surprising and you know, you might have a great time there because it's like the more people the better but in a way it's like the different people the different cultures that they bring into your Social Circle. That's a really good place. Base to start off to a great exchange, right? Yeah, I think so. I mean that's the whole point of exchange to like Branch out to other cultures and learn from her dreams. All right there. So with that said Nikki, thank you so much for stopping into the podcast and just catch it with me. You know, I wish you all the best for the remaining months and then probably and see you when you come back in June. Do you have anything else to do you want to share to listeners go and exchange it surely. It's super exciting. Pensive and like definitely worth it strength total application procedures, but it's definitely worth it. I feel like people say that money, you know can't buy this come by that but you know, just I would say opportunity when the opportunity comes the experiences will come as well. And those are the experience that you would remember for the rest of your life. Yeah, exactly. Alright. Thank you so much for joining me, and I'll talk to you later. Sure. All right. Bye. Bye-bye this episode of basically growing up as written recorded edited and produced by Stanley to music is by Justin. Jerk. If you're like what you're listening to please give this episode a like rating or a good feedback on whichever platform you're listening to and I will talk to you guys later on the next episode of basically growing up.