Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating. Being in review on your preferred listening platform. And as always today's episode of the hash rate podcast is presented to you by hash rate OS hash rate OS is a Linux based operating system designed to help you increase the efficiency of your mining machines and maximize your overall profitability now with Asic and GPU support hash rate OS provides the best experience in crypto mining allowing you to manage your facility fully from any mobile device and take complete control of your mining operations. Hash rate OS is mining as it should be be sure to head over and check out the hash rate. Rating system at OS dot hash rate.com again. That's OS dot h a sh are eight.com. Alright without further Ado on to the show. Hey everyone. Welcome to the hash rate podcast. I'm the Bitcoin Broski here today with mean hash. We have got an incredibly special guest. It's been a while since we've been trying to get this gentleman on the show. Most of our listeners are also viewers of his popular YouTube channel with us today on the podcast. Mr. Seth Estrada. What's up, buddy? How you doing? Man speaking to kindly especially mean special ed. Then you got the right guy. That's me special ed. Come on. So before we get all of this rolling, you've got a YouTube channel. You've got a presence on Twitter give a little she love yourself before we get into the meat of the conversation. Awesome. Well to that sir. All I can say is mind your business. That is that that's the trending hashtag, right? So that's also the name of the outlet. It's Maya and your dot Biz and the whole intent is for it to get people to think. Okay, if I want the hands privacy I have to mine on my own literally. Mind your business and if I want to protect my own anonymity and something about data privacy. I've got to adopt an attitude and mindset of mine your own darn business right like mine your business. So that's the show. Yeah, you know, we thought we were really clever at hash rate when we first started we made mine your business t-shirts and we put them out and someone's like, you know, Seth Estrada uses that as well. We're like, oh and we didn't know at that point in time. So I'm actually wearing my mind your business hash rate t-shirt right now that we made back in the It is have since been discontinued but I'm really glad that you were able to make the time to come on the show with us Seth. Like I said, I know a lot of the people that listen to us also watch your YouTube channel, but how did you get into Mining? And when did you start mining? Well, they appreciate you asking so to separate that. I think my first exposure to mining was when a couple of Brothers started a multi coin mining pool and that was sometime in 2013 though real talk. I just didn't act and I think too many of us fell into that trap right where we were aware of it, especially anybody who works in it. Anybody who works in Tech it was tangentially aware of it or like a circle of friends were talking about it saying hey, I got into Bitcoin or hey, I'm hearing about this new corn called etherium. It's launching and I don't know they want some my Bitcoin in exchange for some so it was there. It was in my sphere of influence, right? It was it was coming at me from all sides people talking about it. I just didn't act but my brothers had started a multi coin mining pool, which at that time was a pretty unique thing there weren't many multi coin mining pools and even fewer that were auto-switching. So we're doing something that was a real value at that time. Enact didn't build any miners myself tearing horror stories about how brand-new Asic designs were hitting and there were crowdfunding and doing an initial presale and stuff. And then the horror stories of them not being delivered. And so I thought okay. I'm going to take a little bit longer and I waited until the price action became attractive in 2017 before I really got started so I wear that as kind of a badge of shame but we all lived through that same timeframe. Sure. So for a couple of thanksgivings you were the the no Corner brother that was getting shit from your other siblings exactly. Exactly. I mean and it wasn't even just them like Hey, we're the no coin. I was like, hey, you haven't started your own mining pool yet know back when it wasn't like, you know one click for con. I'm GitHub. It's like I could actually write some code out there. So you solve some problems. I'm like, yeah, give me the dunce cap. Do they still have the pool in operation and still running? They don't they got out of the mining pool scene couple of years ago. And then one of those Brothers went into masternode hosting as a service and so they do Master node setup, and then they had several different coins that they'd offer service on and then Pretty much use that as an excuse to carve out the time to host their own Master notes so dude. What do you think about that? I mean since you mentioned mastering as I know, we haven't really discussed this as a topic before what are your thoughts on masternodes versus mining to secure a network? That's a great question. I mean as far as there being multiple consensus mechanisms that work proof of stake 3.0 launched years ago. And while it is provably inferior to proof of work, it's also got some history now so the story right the narrative that you hear from a lot of people within proof-of-work of like well, It's just not proven that doesn't hold water anymore. We've got several years now of some proof of stake networks doing just fine the threat vectors. It normally approached us in the proof-of-work scene. They just don't exist there. It's just very very different. You'd have to find somebody who's extremely motivated and then the game theory of them working against their own interest by investing right in the infrastructure necessary to successfully execute a 51% attack or double spend attack. It's purely economical and when you talk about proof of stake and we just haven't seen that be a problem for them yet. So, I don't know. Like on the one hand. Yeah, proof-of-work Undisputed King because it scales on the other hand proof of stake. It's working. So when you see Deb's over to Theory I'm talking about like yeah, we got it really serious about a road map. And you know, when are we going to implement proof of stake and every month every quarter that we get deeper into things like proof estate 3.0 being live on other networks and working in were that much closer to the etherium devs really going there. So I was kind of a roundabout way of me saying like, I'm really not a huge fan of bro. I'm realist all of us in the mining space are there's proof that it is out there working. So you mentioned aetherium you mentioned proof of stake. I think we might as well touch on Prague power. Now. Where do you stand on the Prague power issue brought up outside, but also loaded right? There's no side of that argument that you can go to without having somebody with their arguments locked loaded ready to shoot you in the face, right? So let me argue from both sides. Okay, I'll say this for harder perspective all of us want to see extensive use of a harbor, right? We want to get every last penny out of our capex. We want to see that happen. So if 3G cards, you know, Appeared from the network and they have we want to see them come back. If for Gig cards are scheduled to disappear from the Athenian Network. We want to prolong that deadline right want to make sure that they can keep on mining profitably for us for as long as possible. But most of us having considered for example, if two gig cards come back online and just how many to Gig cards highly performant to Gig cards. Like if many of those come back online what that's going to do to the net hash and what happens to our otherwise really highly performant cards if we see a glut of like first-gen hbm AMD cards come back online. I mean they slay they slay because of memory I/O so if they come back online, what's that going to do to your four gig and you're six gig cards, even if you really good on Prague pal, if those cards those parts come back online and they're competing directly with it. It's a function of volume, right? So the sure they may only perform it half the hash rate of your next Generation cards, maybe a quarter. But if there are six times as many of them the net hash blows you back out of the water. You're upside down again how much farther out you know is your Roi I think there's a real problem there and we just have nobody's really talking broadly about that. So just to follow up there. Why do you think not a lot of people are talking about that? Do you think a lot of those cards have already been Sunset? Do you think people are still they've got those cards in operation and they're just waiting for the opportunity to point them at the right Network. I mean it would seem like if people aren't discussing it. Maybe it's because they feel that the hardware is no longer relevant. It's easy to feel that way because there are so many current coin networks where they're underrepresented. But at the same time if they're not relevant for mining that where's the envelope Centauri where did it go? And that's what I think the problem this like there's still some mining operations in God will say developing nations and will say some other markets, right? We're like secondary markets just because we can't see them doesn't mean that they disappeared know what I mean like the inventory still out there somewhere. Yep. So if they're staged and ready for mining, you know, that's the real threat and nobody's really talking about that. I know for example in Central and South America in areas, especially when you've got plentiful Hydro Venezuela's kind of a black box for most of us here because we don't physically get out of you know, our comfort zone here and me go there to figure It out and directly observed but there are some mining operations in areas like Venezuela where if they've already been under the radar of authorities are doing everything they can and they're pulling out all the old tricks and figuring out okay, we can we might on s7s. You know, when we get Surplus power at the hydro you maybe off-peak hours. Can we still make s7s do something for us and they're still in service? So in my opinion it's very short-sighted a little bit foolish to disregard the threat of Hardware that maybe sunset here in the first world if it's being saved somewhere else for people who are highly motivated to just get every single bit of block award as possible. I think we need to have that conversation to when it comes to broadband La question with that though is Bloom that just further decentralize the theorems Hashem be good for the network. I mean, even if it drove down mining profitability because astronomical amount of these old cards came online most likely they're going to be way more decentralized than what we're seeing right now on the network. So for the overall Network wouldn't it be better? That's kind of my thing with it. It says right now and I mean, I know there's been a lot of discussion about this. But right now the etherium hash rate is fairly centralized comparitively to something like Bitcoin or even a lot of the other smaller coins that home miners mind. It's much more centralized and going to Prague pile fixes that whether or not it makes it be more profitable for minors or not as kind of you won't really know until you see sort of thing, but I think either way it's going to be centralized it more. And that's kind of the whole point of it, isn't it? I think that's definitely one of the ideological arguments that's given in favor of it, but I don't know that that's actually the point and I think that's a lot of people's concern is that there may be reasons maybe ideological reasons and then maybe profit motives that are not so obvious. So to your point if it does decentralized Network further, that's probably a good thing. We also know that pools exist right in today's mining landscape pools are the largest centralizers of hash rate anywhere. So whether or not things are physically decentralized they all centralized in Tunnel into the networks via bowls. So let's see who would stand to gain from understanding Prague pal at a level that they can be first to market with the best pools and that I think may cause a funneling effect or a centralization effect that again is a Threat Vector to security down the line and an attack surface right for security, but then also just changes the power Dynamic there's the potential for there to be a shake-up in the current power structure of etherium pools that have been the incumbents for two three years now since the Bull Run Being dominant as there so I think yes, probably it decentralizes but also kind of no because of fools. So let's hear the counter-argument then if not for Prague pal. Why not? So I've mentioned a couple of possibilities there and I've got a been playing both sides the entire time. Okay. So against Prague pal would be a few things pools exist Ergo decentralization is already fundamentally flawed. So if that's true, then who cares about Prague pal in addition to that if we're arguing against Prague pal a six exist sure, but not at an efficiency gain of 10x or Ergo who cares just acquired gpus at a cheaper rate to improve your capex and then manager Apex in a way that you're comfortable with so you can Roi and be earning profit at a faster rate. So if you're running a larger scale operation the Asics may or may not actually offer an improvement. So if Prague Pal doesn't solve that problem and we're moving towards proof of steak. Anyway, why make the change it's like a necessarily Lane changes on the freeway. You look at the d-o-t stats the greater number of times that you make a big move the more likely you are to break something crash. Yeah, so decrease the City of moving towards whatever the next iteration of that network is so that would be I think most people's argument against it's like if nothing's broken if there's not an imminent existential threat, like if we can't prove that the network will definitely catastrophically fail. Then why make the change makes sense with mining specifically there are quite a few big events upcoming and a lot of external factors that I don't think the community really anticipated fully and we certainly couldn't have projected things like the coronavirus, but we've got the potential of Robbing implemented with etherium. We've got the Bitcoin having we've got coronavirus impacting Supply Chains It's a very Dynamic and exciting and scary time. I think overall in the world, but there are a lot of impacts that are currently being felt or soon going to be felt in the crypto Community. What do you think is one of the most relevant events that you are seeing right now and how we feel that that is impacting mining specifically one thing that maybe I see that you haven't already touched on Whit would be just that there are just participation man just voluntary participation in networks. How do you incentivize people to become True Believers in different coins? And I only bring that up because it maybe it's because it's the pain that I've been most sensitive to recently in talking to coin Deb's where they want better security of their networks. And I think if they were being a little more open about it and just being really direct that would be the pain that they're talking about. Like we just want more people to be interested in our coins. We want to be interested irrespective of price action. So if they're proof-of-work networks, then you've got to find some way to just get people to believe in your vision. And I think that's probably the biggest threat upcoming like how do you maintain the sexiness of mining when you're not the most profitable option just a lack of community belief, right? You're not going to get the spend the commitment the tribalism of Bitcoin or etherium necessarily if you're a new proof of work project. I mean, there's been very few that have maintained that level of tribalism. I think Zell as of right now. Now and I know we're hash rate is very closely tied as well. But they've done a good job of continuing to engage their Community Raven. I think they do a great job of continuing to engage their Community despite all of the confusion. I think right now around the changes that potentially be occurring there and all of the fuckery that occurred in 2019, and there's really no other word for it. It's just that right. I mean, right but again miners are profit-driven to this point. So to that end, what are your thoughts? I mean, is there a way that you can really speak to I guess people's Humanity more than their bottom line. Yeah, so I think it's tough man. I mean the other thing about minors and people in general who are working within the crypto sphere are interested in whether they're at the nucleus the crypto sphere there beta orbiters that the crypto sphere like people who were attracted to this scene where the nerdiest were the nerdiest for the absolute worst, right at some parties right? What people like cool story, please stop talking about Krypton were like, oh my gosh, I did it again. Like I fell into the Trap I should know better, but that's us right. Like we are always that guy at every social Gathering and so that's a tough one. How do we manufacture more of that tribe man? I don't know. Maybe we have to pull in people from infosec. Maybe we have to pull in people from Linux. I mean a lot of them are already here, but I don't think we have enough of them and I think that's probably the lowest hanging fruit for us in this scene. This is you say, okay, how do we make it maybe just let our guard down completely because that level of saltiness and some people call it toxicity right like that saltiness and weariness and I said, yeah really being vigilant like that's necessary to keep the culture strong. But at the same time where can we find people who are like minded enough? We can kind of open up the gates right around the wall. I open up the gates a little bit let some of them in and start showing him. Like Hey, our bordering lands are you know will improve like are our interests will both improve mutually if you come over here and take a closer. Look at blockchain take a closer look at crypto and participate and we'll do the same for you to write like maybe we need to be more actively involved in some other open-source development and maybe we need to be better citizens of the Linux Community. For example, I don't know maybe that's how we do that, you know to me it is He's such a catch 22. Let's say you've got a spec play and a coin is getting ready to release and you've got a custom minor. You're not going to tell a thousand people that you've got the edge. You're just going to use the edge to your advantage to other people figure it out. And when it comes to these proof-of-work coins, I think the real internal battle is if you're a minor and you want to maximize your profitability on that and keep difficulty low and stay on that play for as long as you can you're not really keen on telling the world until you've accumulated what you want to accumulate at which point you'd like to get them on board. There's potential for an increase in price. It is a challenge, right? I think that's that's a true challenge for those projects that are out there absolutely and was like mean - was saying also is Prague pound good for network security on etherium. Maybe it is but like you're saying it goes against the interests of minors then to promote it. Sure sure. It's kind of weird. Yeah, I think that and mean hash has talked about this before as well. You know, if you get a six on a network too soon, it could be detrimental you'd like to grow your community of GPU Myers before you start to you know move over and have those a six on if there's The the efficiency increase in the A6 like you were mentioning. So it's just a weird dynamic. It's figuring out that balance and understanding how you grow a network of participants that are self-serving when you were just trying to use their hash power to build something that you can sustain and continue to grow and you know, my thing with it is and you know, I kind of sit where you do with proof of State versus proof of work everybody in crypto thinks that value or the market cap of something like a theory Amor Bitcoin is so big and that because That it's protected, especially if it moves to something like proof of stake or starts to get a 6 that come out on it and it starts centralizing the hash. But I feel like people have a hard time understanding that even a theorems entire market cap is pennies compared to if big players wanted to get into the market and so people say oh proof of stake protects the coin because everybody who owns coins. It's decentralized Etc. If somebody really wanted to that was a big player in rest of the Fiat corporate. Economy, they could easily buy half of the etherium coins that they wanted to do. They wouldn't care if it drove the price up a whole bunch if their goal was to get control of the network the same things true with mining, you know people think about it. Oh, it's astronomical right now to think about somebody earning enough money to get enough hash to 51% attack ethereal. But if there was a legit Financial reason for somebody to do it, they could easily do it, you know, like it everybody's like, oh, it's 23 billion dollars. It's like well apple has a Billion dollars sitting in cash right now. Samsung has eighty eight billion dollars sitting in cash right now. GE has almost half a trillion dollars sitting in cash right. Now. If any of those companies wanted to come and mess with any of the crypto projects right now, they easily could sure I feel like sometimes it's really short sighted for people to be like, oh, well, it's gotten so big now it's time to move it to proof of stake and my opinion that's a naive understanding of how business is done at a global level, especially at the scale that it gets done at in Fiat right now. And I feel that way about a six to you know, like if Samsung really wanted to right now, they could spend a billion dollars build enough Asics and 51% attack ethereal and they did come close on numerous occasions right to entering the game though. They always their entry point was always shot to be 6 and and so I think that there's some misunderstanding of how protected some of these projects actually are and still how knew all this is and realistically how small a lot of the networks are unless Talking about Bitcoin specifically which has grown so big now. I don't think it really cases the same risks, but I mean all the rest of the coins are a fraction of the network of Bitcoin ethereum is a fraction of a fraction of Bitcoins Network. And so even though they think that they're on solid footing they got to be careful and you know, just like with security and opsec and just it Security in general. The only way you can do that is to make it be more difficult than it is to attack. Something else. So my kind of thing with them is I feel like since they've started kind of having this discussion about moving to proof of stake and they've kind of split into two teams to start developing that but it looks like proof of Works going to be around for at least another two years. Probably more like two and a half years. So do you really think taking them five years to take action to this point and I know proof of stake is the eventual goal really think it's only going to be three more years before they're able to make that transition. I mean if all things remain constant the way that their decision making their Process has occurred to this point. My whole thing is I feel like we're arguing to argue when it comes to Prague power when it comes to proof of stake on ethereum. I think that there's a lot of back and forth, but it's like filibuster in Congress. All the conversation is really just leading to no action, you know, whether people love Prague pal, they hate Prague pal, they want proof of stake. They don't want proof of stake. I'm still not convinced that aetherium is ever going to be able to put the necessary steps in place to make an action occur that will lead to a drastic change and how that Network operates Bingo bruh. You just You hit it. I think you hit the nail on the head. The question is always who stands to gain the most. Yeah, and the more I've kind of looked into it and seeing what some of the newer projects have had that are coming out. I'm not sure that for a system like aetherium moving to something like pure proof of stake is the right way to go. I think that the more complex you can make the type of block verification that you can have and the more options you make available for people to be able to participate in the network the better it is and so I'm kind of the point where I'm not sure that moving to something that's like purely proof of stake is the right move. I don't think it's the right move in the short term. I'm not sold on that. It's the right move in the long term. I've really enjoyed some of the work. I've seen come out that's kind of the hybrid proof of stake proof of work. I think it does a lot to allow people who are minors to still participate in the network and secure the network at the level that we know proof-of-work can do that. But also allows people who don't want to have the hardware expenses and The Upfront costs and everything the participate in supporting the network through something like proof of stake, you know, and they're passionate. I'm going to jump on right there and just just just offer my agreement that I think that hybrid consensus is largely under exploited in crypto. It's largely underutilized and I think that's a huge mistake but beyond they're just being proof of stake and I'll jump back to answering with a question from before in addition to proof of stake and proof-of-work masternodes schemes. They work really well in terms. Delaying the effects or mitigating the effects of 51% attacks and double spend problems right on proof-of-work networks having their be like a bulwark of masternodes that can then properly check against unauthorized chain roll back. That's part of I think a really healthy Network and then in some cases you're seeing coin networks that had been purely proof-of-work proposing proof of stake because of the strength in their master and the network and so having hybrid consensus with some level of 51 percent resistance nothing. Is foolproof but 51 percent resistance and then double spend attack resistance in a masternode network flipping them into some kind of useful service. I think that's a brilliant Trend that's come out of post. 2018 slump right bear Market is seeing so many coins say, you know what we've got to provide real-world value. So we're going to put our Master network to use full service. I think a brilliant example of that is actually low key because yeah, they do stuff right like isn't that awesome? Yeah, but it's not just it's not just self-serving. It's not just yeah, you know, we're doing the pure currency. Now I'm and you can go to a consumer and say we have a decentralized network of computers. And this is why this is why it matters to you. Yeah, so low-key reading that white paper was very exciting for me. That was one of the first coins that I looked at when I got into Mining and I got into it by trading it because I saw the fundamental values of it before I even had the equipment or the ability to mine it that Mix net idea. I mean right now it's all an experiment. We're only 10 years in nothing really is proven. I'm always slightly concerned when people say that this consensus mechanism is is better than this one because 10 years into something so nascent if there's no way to tell right now what's going to be quote unquote the way that works best and Frankly Speaking until we get more actual use cases on these networks are not gonna be able to prove know which works best but going back to Loki. Oh that was one that stood out to me and then you see it adopted by others that have tried to implement the mix Network and it does incentivize different people to get involved and support a project which I think is the key to all of it, right? Because with Bitcoin you've got Traders, you've got hot Oilers. You've got a minor You've got investors you have a lot of people that want to purchase mine hold Bitcoin with a lot of the proof-of-work coins right now. You only have minors you have minors and then you have people who will eventually trade those as shit coins. Once they hit, you know, a medial liquid. Redefine Target. Yeah Moon. What's your own? Correct? Yeah, and that's it. I mean mines are hidden and quittin on fault them for that. I've obviously that's great you're mining to make money, but I think that you've got to find a harmonious way to include everyone and keep everyone on board to create that sustainability long-term. Yeah totally agreed. So things like mix Nasser, I like just calling them service notes just black box service knows if you're getting buy-in from your master good operators for you to install a Docker container kind of a black box for you to then mess with and you have now added a really great decentralized distributed system for you to run code on and you have their Goodwill because you're incentivizing them through a block reward and sweet bare minimum that just cut your digitalocean bill to 0 right programmer or developer. But then if you're giving them anything in exchange then like you say me incentive is there the participation is are so what's the story? And what's your narrative as far as what your product does and jumping back to the earlier part of the conversation? That's where I think again if we can reach out to more of the open source community and more of the Nerds right of the world who liked it, you know, he could do crafts about proof of work. They get two craps about Bitcoin, even if they have some other nerdy code or Tech objective in mind we can help them achieve. Maybe we can make inroads to just get more broad participation. But back to mean hashes point about hybrid consensus. There are a lot of coin networks that have these either enhanced service nodes or service nodes mask. Who knows even the don't actually use masternode consensus or proof of stake consensus? They're still running a hundred percent proof of work consensus. And then they're tallying up contributions from some of these other participants and I think that's where it's a mistake. I think to mean hashes point at the protocol level. There should be hybrid consensus to help reinforce security and I actually think there's some growth still in proof-of-work consensus with multiple algorithms. One of the really big first ones that start to come out. Was and I'm sure there's been other ones in the past but it was popular and talked about a lot was grin that launched last year having both the c29 and the c31 algorithm to kind of direct that towards different types of hardware. And I think that they're kind of pace of it didn't necessarily go exactly the way they wanted it to because it looks like they may not be getting a six built for their Network anyway, but they're going to keep both algorithms. But also yes, I can get paid their Dev feet and they got robbed. They asked politely instead of somehow ensuring compliance and they just got I mean I got blindsided by a minor participation. So but I think the whole idea of that multiple algorithm consensus is huge because you could theoretically find ways to balance those types of things and I think that there's issues with Hardware specific algorithms in general. So, you know, if you have an algorithm that's just for a six or an algorithm. That's just for CPUs or an algorithm. That's just for gpus. Are one that's fpga friendly or whatever it limits the diversification of your network when you have any of those things and you know makes me think that like if coins in the future can find ways to be able to say okay. We're going to have a CPU algorithm. We're going to have a GPU algorithm. We're going to have an Asic algorithm. We're going to have an fpga algorithm and let them all fight over the rewards. Then you're going to spread who will participate in your network and if you can balance that right so that all of those different things can mine profitably I think that that's when you're going to start seeing in proof of work where you have really truly decentralized networks that are super strong, you know, and if you combine things like block box masternodes or proof of steak on top of that you're talking about really creating kind of what the goal of this actually is and I think I would also allow for smaller projects that may not drive the same type of hash rate that Bitcoin has ever to still be super secure and Secure enough where they could be potential options for that decentralized compute on their masternode Network for big corporations, you know, so I think that there's still a long way to go in it. I think that people right now feel like oh we got this we understand how all this works but a lot of the people who are feeling that way just don't understand how all of it works. And if you talk to any of the smaller projects that are trying to get their name out there and stuff like that. They're really looking at that broader bigger picture and they're saying hey, you know this Work for Bitcoin. It's worth this is working for aetherium. But our scale is not going to be there at launch and we don't want to have to wait 10 years or five years before our scale could get big enough that we could have Corporate America say, hey, this is a great place for us to do decentralized compute. So they got to find a way to make their Network be secure with what's going to be available to them. Yeah. No, that's brilliant. I think there's at least one example, and I mean I have I'm not a stakeholder you're not a bag holder here. In fact, their Community didn't even give any tips on it to the interview so name and shame here, but Big cash, they've got triple proof-of-work algo with the intent of having CPUs gpus and then a 6 on their network, but totally agree you Nash with that with having their be the broad invitation for more than one Hardware profile to contribute. But then also proof of steak and then also give healthy enough rewards that people who have full-blown systems right with really good Network fabric to also offer a service notes where they are. Hopefully they're they're comfortable enough letting you run code, you know. No anonymously on their Network. They trust you that you're not communicating with the bad guys, right? We'll call them evildoers across the ocean or terrorist groups or hosting kiddie porn on their computers. They're trusting you enough that you just running something beneficial but making room for all of them in the block reward that said, I'm going to jump back to something that Nash you said before about the game theory of moving to Pure proof of stake and how players in the rest of the world, right and the tech scene that could come in and just like my up every single coin. What do you think of the possibility? There's already like the ethereum virtual Already talks to AWS that you have one click services on AWS to start talking to the evm. Do you think there's any risk of AWS being like interfering with etherium? I mean, I think it comes down to the motivation. So, you know, everybody talks about how part of why cryptocurrency has grown and become secure as it is right now is because basically constantly under attack mining realistically is a competition between Miners to attack the network to get rewards. I've heard it described that way to me before and there's people who are proof of stake people who feel that way about it in my opinion if there was enough incentive for a company like Amazon to try and do something amount of money. It would cost them as insignificant to how much money they make every year. That's why I say a lot of these chains are still vulnerable until you can come up with some way to really lock everything down. And you know, I don't think right now there's any incentive for a company like AWS, which is Amazon web services for people who don't know. I know sometimes using acronyms we lose people GTFO. Yeah to do something like that. And honestly, I don't think there would be any time in the near future because it would just hinder its growth and its ability to adapt and become what it needs to be to be something that mainstream Tech would want to use but it wouldn't necessarily surprise me if in the long run some of these companies beat basically become enemies of these chains, and it's interesting to talk. Postulate I guess to see how which ones will be enemies and which ones will be friends and I thought it was really interesting with Microsoft looking at building decentralized identities on the Bitcoin blockchain because it tells me that Microsoft sees the value of what's going on with that on what's happening in the crypto space right now and them working on something like that decentralized encrypted identity is a perfect example of something that you could build on top of a block chain and a lot of companies. We'll probably need in the next five years because of the increase in privacy laws and companies having to manage data in a secure way. So I feel like that that's kind of like hey guys. This is something that cryptocurrency project should be focusing on and Microsoft kind of threw it out there and was like, everybody should take a look at this and you know, they've been testing it and running it on the Bitcoin Network to see but I don't think that all big tech companies are going to be so helpful. They haven't been helpful in the past. I mean even if you just Just look at what's happened between Google and Oracle or what different companies have done to Qualcomm where they rip stuff off and then their spend lawsuits back and forth or the famous Samsung and Apple battle that's gone back and forth and back and forth. Not all tech companies are all. Oh, yeah. Here's this piece of code that we think that we can use on your network. You guys should take a look at this and see how much if you can make it be better. Some of them will be like, holy crap. This is going to be competition. We needed to take it out before it takes away. Market share from us sure. Sure me - the to your point though. I think there's also been a bit of a shift in that space. So I'm sure that you're going to remember also that Google and Samsung they made these very broad mutual agreements to share IP. Also that also happened in a post Oracle versus Google world. You had Google and Samsung sharing happy you had a couple of other larger companies now canonical and Microsoft getting along like, I don't know what happened, right but cats and dogs stop fighting and I think a big part of that is I'm going to be if people who are involved in cryptocurrency projects find ways to make those agreements be beneficial for both sides part of the reason why everything went down with Apple and Samsung is Apple had what a lot of people would consider unreasonable patents on things big one a rectangle shaped screen. That's a phone. They were granted a patent on all rectangle-shaped phones, which is our status patent. Yeah. This is idiotic is trying to defend trademark on a name like Apple. Kind of word and the same thing happened with Oracle Google went to Oracle and tried to license what they needed to be able to put into Android and Oracle wouldn't sell them a license. And so Google just stole it and did it and was like, hey, you can come fight Us in court. The difference is is those companies can fight each other in court if they were to just rip something off from aetherium or rip something off from Bitcoin. There isn't really any one who could be like we're going to sue you for that or whether or not they even would be able to sue somebody for something like That so I think Partnerships between the crypto space and those big tech companies is going to be a big deal. And I think that Microsoft has kind of extended that Olive Branch already. I think Samsung's getting there. So the new Samsung phones have things like crypto currency wallet Key Management built into them. I actually think they're going to end up launching their own multi coin wallet, eventually, they started building chips for Asic manufacturers. So, you know, like there's some of those Olive branches going, but I think people just need to be Area of the companies who aren't interested in playing ball right now and there's some companies who in the past their business model is into were kindly with other people. It's just a try and crush them Amazon as a prime example of that. And so, you know, you just have to be careful about what kind of relationship it has there and you know, you brought up pools earlier how many of the pools are hosted on AWS stuff, you know, like if you really want to talk about centralization AWS is a huge centralized sale point, right? right now for most of the internet so, you know, that's a Threat Vector that people don't pay attention to and so, you know, I think that anything that can help kind of decentralize that further Partnerships with more different it companies moving stuff off of AWS to other similar Solutions, you know, all of that stuff is going to have to take place in the next 10 years really make it so that you know, you have any big companies that aren't necessarily tech companies want to implement some type of decentralized network into Business practice will even consider using something like crypto because right now when their tech people go and look at something they're like, oh, yeah. It's a decentralized network that runs all on AWS, you know, they're like, so why wouldn't we just buy and use AWS, you know, like Charlotte of them. Look at things like that from a much higher level, even if that's not truly understanding what's happening in the background. That's kind of how they look at it. And so I think that you know the space and hole just like you said work, King with Linux Etc. I think it needs to expand even more than that. I think we need to have more projects getting in touch with companies like Intel and AMD and Nvidia and Qualcomm even because you know, there's aspects of the hardware industry that they could all have better Partnerships with where right now it's like a love-hate relationship between a lot of those companies and crypto and then any of the hosting Services, you know, DNS providers, you know, all that stuff I think is really going to drive it and if we really want Krypto to operate the way we are expecting it to and the way it was built to it really needs to be decentralized in a lot of different areas. And so it becomes more complex. But the more we can head towards that before it has any sort of a bigger bowl run than what it had in 2017 better because if we have another Bull Run and you know, just throwing out a random number at Bitcoin runs up to something like a hundred thousand in the rest of the market follows that the same scale as that there's going to be monetary. Of for some of those more nefarious it players to get involved in it and maybe not in a friendly way. Oh, yeah, the whole thing moves in Cycles to mean - you've seen the Cycles I gather from your background. You've seen enough of the Cycles within crypto and within tag to just know that like some of those players like amd's the AMD Nvidia is Intel's and and xilinx is of the world. They have a number man. It got a clearly defined number. They know exactly what their entry point would be to say. Yeah, we'll provision X number of units of this particular silicon to this. Healer value-added reseller or to this particular manufacturer sure. We'll give them that many more thousand units. Oh, hey, they got lost in transit and they'll get to you in six weeks after we're done mining with them or whatever like even with the tech company to tech company Partnerships that we've seen going on. It's all fun and games while they both make money as soon as one of them becomes making more money than the other one. It's amazing how quickly those Partnerships dissolve and so, you know, like when you look at the dustry in technology as a whole right now kryptos kind of operating separate from that and it feel like they're insulated from it, but it's just because right now it's too new and too risky in the monetary incentive for those big companies to get involved isn't there yet when it crosses a certain threshold, it's going to be a tidal wave and if there aren't discussions happening now with those companies, it's going to cause problems. Yeah, it's funny. You mentioned that yeah potentially causing problems are I wonder if maybe the correct? And then to try to shape the culture of cryptocurrency right now, and I'm not talking about like, you know, the the smaller Echo chambers that were involved in right on Krypton Twitter or whatever else but just the broader culture of cryptocurrency and blockchain participation. I wonder if the right direction to push that into is it is decentralized Services specifically so that we LeapFrog the man so to speak maybe that is one of a couple things maybe it makes the larger players of Industry the tech industry, maybe it helps them long, you know for more participation or more inclusion and they find a way to get in and actually become useful and helpful and not too selfish or it gets them to go the other route and try to legislate the freedom of the cryptocurrency and blockchain movement a way to make Outlaws of anybody who's participating now. Yeah, Brent seeking is a big problem. I think that it's going to be something that the crypto space hasn't had to deal with yet. And for those of you that don't know rent seeking meaning people who are the huge players and Technology right now using their monetary power. To leverage the government to ask laws to make it so that the cryptocurrency companies can't compete with them right now. Everybody's kind of sat on the sidelines and let things go there's been some rent-seeking that you've seen start to happen with big financial institutions starting to Lobby the US government to make certain types of cryptocurrency or crypto currency exchanges or Ico. Spe legal, but you haven't really seen it in like the technology space yet and they have Deep Pockets and they spend a ton of money in the US government. I think Amazon Facebook Google Microsoft and Apple. We're like all in the top 15 biggest lobbyists in the country last year. And so, you know at any point in time if they feel like it's a threat they could easily pivot on that and start trying to get legislation passed to make it more difficult for these smaller cryptocurrency companies to compete and so, you know, that's why I feel like the best way to avoid Something like that is to find a way to cut them in because like I said as long as everybody's making money then generally they let things go and they're okay with it. So just be interesting in my opinion to see how that all plays out over the next 10 years because I think that that's really going to be like the big thing that happens is okay. We got to figure out how to secure our network if it's small and make it so that it's as difficult as possible to have anything bit be used for anything bad and then we got to figure out how we can protect her. Protect ourselves from a legislative standpoint of what's going to be allowed and what's not and and I don't think that fights going to happen on Capitol Hill. I think it's going to happen by actually working with those tech companies to try and cut deals or bring in Partnerships or whatever else in order to make it so that they get on board with it and support it. This is an awesome conversation. I got to say I think that the back and forth between you guys was fantastic Seth. Thank you so much for coming. Show and sharing your Insight with us, please if you would let everyone know where they can find you on social media social media easiest to find on Twitter under the handle Seth Estrada all together and then on the web easiest to find me at mind your dot Biz. Awesome. Well, thanks again for coming on Seth. We really appreciate it man. My pleasure. Thank you so much and to all the listeners out there. We appreciate you so much. We will talk to you all again very soon. Thanks for tuning in to the Hatchery podcast. We appreciate your continued support. Please do us a favor and leave us a rating and review on your preferred. Listening platform and head over to Twitter and give us a follow at hash rate. That's at h4s hr8.