It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh, that's delicious. Really 8404 Lele Lele 84 on so brother and no Isaac world thinks happy birthday Brody. Happy birthday. So you could be on this podcast one day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, please please do it. Thank you. Thank you. All right, let's talk to our first segment weird scenarios. Okay guys our first scenario right would you? Yeah, okay say a speeding bullet train was coming and there's a lever right next to you. Right and you see ya if you pull the lever is switches the tracks, right? So it's going yeah straight well for Five people that you don't know but if you pull it it'll switch lanes were tracks and hit a person that you do know, would you switch the lever or not? I know people but I don't like them. Do I like them? Yeah say you do then. I don't know but that one I think I'd rather you are let me give into it is you know. No, they're like late 20s. Mmm. Well, we are overpopulating the wind Hershey's take out like five. Yeah, honestly, I wouldn't sacrifice the person. Yeah, I don't maybe if I come really tight with them, you know me better like really care about them. Then I wouldn't want anyone but could you live with that and knowing that you could save ya people? Yeah. Yeah I could live with it. From a little bit of Puppets overpopulation and then you know and you can always be too like that one person you like bro. I saved your fucking life. Now you owe me. Yeah. There you go you oh, yeah. Yeah that person can oh you like shit and I kill five let you buy us like buy stuff exactly. What the hell did you do now buy me these fucking Vance exactly. Give me a hell. Yeah. I mean, he's you can even bring it up and use it against them like around you're just gonna whisper in their ear be like you all reason why you're alive guaranteed. Yeah, if they don't pretty much they don't they're really your friend exactly. Yeah, but I just save them from the Train. Tonight I saved you. Hail would you give Gabe head if he saved you, you know, I'd move countries. Okay, which country would you go live in Sweden Sweden? Why Sweden? Yeah. I was born sweetie pie. Yeah. All right. Yeah, it's guys guys on our next scenario you Well, I like their last names and I would like have a dog over there with like some stupid name Camille Burger some what's the fucking fucking PewDiePie dog? What is it is yeah. Okay, true. All right our next scenario what flight you're just laying in bed playing Minecraft and Hulk Hogan comes out your closet and put you in a headlock. What is not what you can do what I yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You just accept death looking right then and there. I'm really yeah. Yeah, I can't fight back. Actually, you can try to covid kind of old right and old people have EV ryone. Oh No, but let's say what Odin time travel and then and it's his airline. You'd like for your flaccid. Nice undies badass. Boom. So that's all you do tickle him or you can off. I mean, that's the only option I got Phillip. Yeah, you can while you're being choked. Just imagine how that's a head. There you go. What what about just go for the balls? He got balls of steel Manito Hogan. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He doesn't deadlift with his fucking balls. You don't you guys seem like this sounds like a train their boss. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, like people like kick them like continuously one with his stick thing just like crushed and so what Yeah. Oh, yeah, I've seen that I've seen I think that's what he has to get. His balls. Are they? Sneezing and moon right after class, but you holy shit the next scenario, you know. Oh next scenario. Okay, you have a cold drink in your hand and then you look out your window and they just see your dad mowing the lawn and it's not I'm just What I would sit back and watch yeah, you know what I do. Join, my father you get a 2 piece and then just get another malt lawnmower and just go with it. I get the weed whacker imagine. Yeah, we Wacker you have know what the we'd come on man. I get a matching to come with me polka dot to piece. That's a that's a father and son moment right there here. It's exactly what we need. Yeah, exactly exactly. What's the cherish that moment forever? Definitely with that is something you will never forget. I'll get my mom to take a picture never while removing it it'll last longer if you take a pig not easily, bro. You don't think a picture. What are you doing bro? Exactly. If you don't take a picture did it really happen? It didn't know didn't exactly take pictures guys because then you'd be like bro. I just mean we had just moved along with two pieces on him like Bron and then you'll have no evidence actually View and they won't believe you who would look the best. Most honest and true piece here. This was I think a detail I think it'd be tell ya are probably Tales game last summer body already think so. I've been trying to get abs. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're I know rocket to piece down here. So does the polkadot black case has got some keys right here. I think that's what's helping this case. I'll bet I'm flagging birthday. I'm exactly the him. Yeah, but it'd look better on you know when it might. Loves to look better. Yeah, you're going gloves. But hey sis is shoes. Would obviously they do already. Yeah, obviously in already pops out. What's the next segment and it would you rather Andy and Mandy did you rest? Well guys. Well guys, it's my time to shine time to do. What would you rather say? Segment here. Let's go there first. Okay, hold on we prepared would you rather have two moms or two dads Two Dads? He does? Yeah, honestly. Yeah. Yeah higher-paying boy, so he was he rich Yeah. All right. Would you rather have the best house in a shitty neighborhood or the worst house in a fancy neighborhood? Where's house in a fancy neighborhood? Yeah, the word sounds in a fancy name. Maybe though even though you can just be friends with your neighbors. Neighborhood and you have like the fanciest have students who will be like damn doing some nice, you know has all these living good. Oh, yeah, that's true. You gotta steal all this easy Target because it's a shitty house. It doesn't mean you will have shitty stuff and it's a fancy neighborhood. So it doesn't mean that yeah, the shittiest house won't be a bad way to get out of money in this scenario. We live in a fancy neighborhood. I mean that could meet you live in a shitty house, but you have money bro. Think about like this everyone ever. It's not that shitty though. This was because it's a fancy neighborhood. Yeah, the neighborhood has two story houses and you have a one-story house. I would say yeah. Yeah, that's just It is unique to do a lot with it and we have a girl you have no idea first question. We should ask. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay. Would you rather have five large peeves or five small computer? What clockwise? That would just be so weird. Goddamn, it's okay, man. So five small it be if they were all erected this so uneven like it'd be big small big small big. It'd be like a w 10 inches, you know, just like a continuous. Right, right. All right. Okay, would you rather peel all the nails out of your fingers or pull out all the teeth in your mouth Nails Nails? There's lots of nails and teeth. It'll hurt less dental dental issues. Do they are now it's like their own individual like nerves. Yeah, exactly and it's terrible. Yeah. Yeah, I do nails. What? Okay. Okay, what about this another pull out all of your nails and two of your teeth? I mean no, I love your nails or two of your teeth. I mean mama knows no no. That hurts. Okay, that's what braces are for you I can't afford that. I actually don't know. Let's see Lex. Maybe we look at people's teeth. No. No, he I mean he has brains Daisy. So yes all yeah. I forgot about that. Nadia's brief snow demon has braces to his braces. Yeah. Same thing to like some are you? Yeah. I haven't seen his daily probably has to be Marc Marquez in pretty nice - my name isn't that bad? Okay. Anyway, it's a little bit scenario. Next what you want? Okay here. I got one. Would you rather go to Mars and never come back to earth? Or Living Earth, but have nobody there like you just live by yourself on earth like that. Like I Am Legend shit with the vitamin c in there was another family. If you go to Mars, will there be like an economy? Yeah. Yeah, it would be like aliens, you know, like you would live without your fucking society today. I'm just gonna live here. I'll be with my homie bright. And they go like crazy like three days. Exactly. That's why I wanted to go to Mars you go crazy when you're all alone. Yeah, just like I Am Legend but if you keep yourself busy how I don't know hon. Yeah, there's no one. There's no one to connecting them. But if you're gonna have a pet Ross, it didn't see the animals wouldn't be there. Yeah, you can play with the animals. It just said people wouldn't be there. Yeah. Yeah, I'm going to go insane with your dog. Yeah, you know, I was married and I am Legend have a dog in. Yeah. Yeah, then it got he still wants line. Oh, yeah, he died. Hello dog is gonna be forgotten. Hey, bro. Talk pointy tail dog. You tell dog has a nice on your bike. Good night. He's yeah, it's all right. Would you guys would you would you rather wear all white or all black for the entire time like The recruit for one year where you're going all black on black her here Lancaster here in Lincoln block, make an all black absorbs likely person probably gonna be like all the time. Yes. We're going to be fucked in the summer. Yeah. I'll wait just don't go outside. Yeah, I was thinking all white too. But you know, I hate white pants. Look at fucking yeah all why looks wack you'd like one of those ball black things to looking you could pretend that you're doing binky. You know, I'm being honest here. I probably already wear all black you do. Yeah. Oh, yeah, I tried to mix up so it won't be like really I wear a lot of blue. I know we already awesome. See also where log gray blue and gray as the majority of my shit. But now I'm like, yeah, I kind of Shifting more take wearing a lot of black nothing all black guy another what you rather Andy you got would you guys rather have sweaty hands all the time or dry some fuck something dry with the dry and dry hands dry hands. We're gonna have dry hands are really like sweaty right hand fire. Have somebody's asking how cases dry, you know dry hands, you know, they're all hard although. Yeah. Oh. When I get Margie hits it grow. I just like I hold on a little bit more about my tail always touches people's neck and like it's cold. Yeah, please let our game starts crying because my atoms, right? Did I got one? Okay, cool 15. Would you guys rather sweat blood or sweat comes with? Oh wait come dude. That's actually that's that's a really good one. Yeah. Yeah without a died so I got exactly exactly No, I feel like come looks more normal than blood when you're sweating it if you're sorry guys, I just got like whatever you want when you're in a gym like working out just like are you okay now just what baby it's like that thick what looks more natural. It looks more natural than the flanks gonna get someone pregnant. Exactly. Oh hell. No, then you could also just what on a girl nine months later comes the how's your baby? I'll take a blood then. I'm not risking it. I'm taking the blood. Yeah. I don't want to smell like kill many ways. Exactly. Yeah. Would you died of blood loss though? No. No, I guess not because it It's substituted for sweater is just the size. It's not an important anything. I don't know man, but it's pretty important. It does. Let's just say it doesn't take away from your body. Yeah, everybody it just produces naturally like sweat, you know. Yeah, I don't know I got one, right? Yeah. I got another one. Would you rather have a pet their lives? As long as you do and that can speak to you or marry the love of your life married the love of my life. Yeah. I heard in my life. Pretty cool. Hey a dog is a man's best. I'm taking that and you always have a best friend. Of course, you wouldn't take plus dogs are cheap. Exactly exactly. I would I would train him to tell me. All right, guys. Rock there Johnny says love that. Yeah, I think so you're drawing. Looks always angry. Yeah, I mean, yeah, I always thought you were pissed last year. Wanted to know yo like damn. Why is he so angry all the time, you know? Like your look. Yeah, absolutely. Heard the statement saying if you do something you love as a job you never really work. But if you get me I'm probably getting paid for this shitty job. Yeah. Yeah. It really depends like McDonald's ways like minimum wage. Well, yeah like that. I think I'd rather get one. I'd rather and then my dream job because I probably have more fun and I wouldn't really care about yeah exactly. You have more than like you won't have enough money to like do what you You think you're like like like on vacation say you're like a part of a band you like some lead singer something. That's your dream job. You don't get paid that much. But what happens when the band is over make your own band. You're the lead singer. You have the vocals, but what happened to go and is over you'll have the same. You have nothing. You have no money then you die. Well, you're dead unless you got a good voice. You're fucked. You have no money. But like what if you're working a shade job like a desk job like you're at your desk computer, like all add a new driving the like and you hate it. We like it here. I'm guessing like a hundred k or something like that retire house and fuck you want you up all the money? Yeah like 55 60 Yeah, that's why I would rather work at something. You know, I hate you a lot so I can just retire never again. I would just work work where I love. Yeah, II don't lie do what I love and because no one said I couldn't save money. It's not all about money is sometimes yeah in this country. This is America. It is live in a capitalist country and everything is called a faggot. What's the next next segment whose neck? Yeah. All right, guys, what's this? What's the dumbest shit I've ever spent your money on like like you bought it and then a couple weeks later like I shouldn't spend out. Okay. So for this whole year, right? I've been having 2970 are six credits all succeed. You don't know that's what? And then I'm my season pass had a VIP discount. So I'm like, oh I gotta spend it, you know before it runs out and it said that I was going to run out January 31st, and I'm like, oh I gotta spend it all so I spent it all on some stupid stuff like some stupid headgears. It don't even look good. And now I see like all these new things like, um, I'm seeing all these new like skins that I want laughs our sleep. So so bad for you. I was like fuck. Yeah fucking sucks, dude. You're dumb. Looking earlier today. I was playing with his like in the morning kind of and like there's that no Friday my uncle, it's me. She's like, hey, there's 200 bucks and I was like, oh cool. Thank you, and I was thinking like what do I like, you know do with this money and I asked the serious I was like do I do he was like, I think you should save it because you know, maybe later on you're going to want something or like something comes out and you're like, wow, that's really cool. I have the money for it. I'm gonna buy it. And I was like, yeah, that's really good idea. Long story short. I ended up wasting all my fucking money for $14. And yeah, you spell I really should have listened to what the nice clothes though. They are nice clothes. There are nice, but if they were like they look nice, I don't know, but I just wanted to like really pre-order The Last of Us to part 2. To I did we to do that. Do you save up your saber this if it comes out before you have enough money just don't watch any YouTube videos of like you see something like this. Tori just skip over your bowl with it. I'm going to unsubscribe from the rad-brad because you'd be like posting like every five bread bread. Yeah. Well you Phillip I'm going for the dumbest thing. I spend my money on is this headset that I spend like 30 bucks on that. I don't even use that that just it I just don't use it. Damn. I did you buy it. Yeah, it's a bad headset. I bought it because I thought was going to use it. It and it didn't turn out that good. So I just never give another heads up to user you just I just don't use that. So yeah, who doesn't Andy had said yeah Andy, what about you? Thanks. What do I use this? Very nice? I don't think I've ever spent money on something. I didn't want because I'm like super super careful my money. Like I'm like, honestly I'm really stingy and what I spend it with but there have been stuff. We're like, I wish I would have bought right like I think all the time obey they have money or you just didn't buy it money. I'm gonna save it. I know it's all you know, and but it was like that feel like it was on sale and I was like I should have bought it and I don't like oh, yeah, if it's on sale I say buy it, but I was like what I didn't see my material like it when I was too stupid and I didn't bite like on Black Friday fucking god of war was like like $5.00. Fuck you. Why did you buy it because I was gonna buy some because I bought some pants like I was going to buy some pants. Oh my God, I still wear those pants today, but we got a war is 20 bucks now. It's come on. Oh hell. No, I don't forgotten about the pans. You can just buy that another day. Let's get the on pants though. How much will the parents how much are the passwords like 10 bucks? What was the original price like 30? Okay. Yeah, this is a pretty good deal for Pittman. The quarter-to-quarter work pants that I wear. Wow. I like this color again, bro. I want to buy some more color in my pants. I only have one pair that's like okay, I won't buy some more. Okay. Yeah, I would like to look a nice jacket. Yeah, I like mine. Yes for the winter season. I've told you this I really do. The jack in your will I'll give it to you jacket broke those type of jackets are so expensive. They are glad I got money. So they're really hard to find. Yeah, because it's a it's a corduroy collar jacket. Usually it's like like 200 bucks, but I got it for someone like 470 signs. Yeah, thank God. All right, we're off to the next segment. Oh Gabriel. Alright, the next segment is called just the eight ball segment. So basically I'm just gonna ask the a ball questions and you guys can give me questions to ask you as well. So I'll start off with the first one will we get more than 15 listeners we go. Yeah. Come on people. Give me something good tell you now. Okay. Well, thank you. Magic eight ball. It's a surprise surprise. Yeah. All right. Does anyone have a question they want to give me no magic 8 ball what well tail get a girlfriend. We Majesty always says no ask it again. Look good. I'll look good. That's the first answer that it hasn't been know or don't count on it yet. Yeah Taro has been trying to do it for like months and always says no, how do you want to know and and he's texting in the group chat and he's saying can you guys hear me guys? Hello? Hello, Andy, no. Don't respond. Please clearly a malfunction. We're now restarted and I'm sorry. Okay. Well, we're having a malfunction technical difficulties with our all right. Just keep on going very well. I'm going there with us. Yeah, just keep on continuing table. Let's see magic eight ball. Will we go in an economic crisis soon? As I see it. Yes. Oh, man. Ask. Donald Trump will be our president for Te'o sake will Donald Trump be continue to be our president. I'll look good. Yeah, here we go. Okay. Most likely it says yes, it's a yeah. Okay. They continue to talk about politics is my the 2020 elections are coming up and it is my job to give you the rundown you should vote for and then I'm gonna start and then I'm going to say Have you ever heard of vermin zit cream and you guys gotta say no. All right. I mean I wouldn't say that what the fuck that is and then I'll keep on going from there. All right. Waiting on uses you say starting our next segment. Yeah. Yeah, they say that to say that. Okay, I'm gonna say So speaking of politics. Yeah. No we did. Yeah. Okay, so yeah, and then he still has questions. So now so speaking of presidents right Don when you plenty elections are coming up and it is my job to give you the rundown of you should vote for ya. So have you guys ever heard of Vermin Supreme? No, never not known for being so he's currently my favorite political candidate can't up to yeah. So he's been working his way up the ranks of politics and how he makes a living is he like protest against like other people's like stuff. So he wanted to go for like giving everyone a pony if he was a president and this one time Hillary Clinton made a book and then she was like having a book signing event thingy. So what he did is he like asked the government of like that counter whatever if he and some people ever maybe like mayor like the yes the town long ago. And yeah, if you could protest against her book, and so basically he has everyone to bring a pony and to go in there with him and they just like rallied against her with ponies and he started asking her. Questions is pretty funny. We started asking questions Ted Cruz like would he give people ponies? So basically he likes ponies right? You mean you mean the guy from The Office fucking Kevin Kevin Malone from the office you mean? Yeah kill him a lot of humor campaigns as well would people would call him, right? And he made another one about mandatory toothbrush laws. So he worked his way up and he managed to like get into like this list of like potential political candidates for the 2011 16 presidential elections, and they asked him what he thought about the health care crisis and he started talking about mandatory toothbrushing loss and I just want to read out one of his you know, what I don't think anyone's talking about toothbrush laws. So I just want to read one of his um, you know, I have to agree with you on this. Is anyone's talking about I think toothbrush laws are the biggest laws we should be worried about. Yeah, we should work those killed or not Vermin Love Supreme force acting gingivitis has been eroding the gum line of this great nation for long enough and must be stopped for too long this suck. This country has been suffering a great moral and or Decay and spirit and it's the country's future and we can no longer be a nation indentured are very salivation is at stake together. We must brace ourselves as we cross over to the bedrich into the 23rd Century. Let us bite the bullets and together make America a sea of signs mouth. Oh hangs on one of his things. He said that one of his followers asked him to glitter bomb one of the guys that he was rallying against so then like he was talking and he's like, oh, yeah, this guy's gay and unsell and he's like glitter on top of his head and started calling him a also said that if he becomes president, he's gonna get a zombie power because he's gonna dangle brains and front of zombies and they're going to rotate giant turbines to lessen the Dependency on foreign oil in America here today good idea. You know, I just saw the pictures you think of him. He looks like a wizard wait, wait, wait wait. This guy looks like a wizard. He means business Vermin Supreme is his legal name. Oh my God. Yeah. He was a boot on his head looks like a badass. Okay, dude. It looks like the guy you would see behind like 7-Eleven. I'm sorry. Yeah, you could vote for him for president. He's legally on the ballot always Kanye was incarnate. I wish we could vote because if we could I would vote for Donald Trump. Learning about shit. Well, actually my ID China is communist. What's the big? Yeah, but basically it's bad bad bad. I don't think any of our viewers could vote besides Alonzo's mom. Yeah. Mom over Donald Trump all look, I found I found When he said it so this is his speech when he like don't read it again. Yep. It's pretty sure bro. It's fine to okay. Alright, my name is vermin my name is my name is my name is Raymond Silverman Vermin Supreme, and you can vote and you can vote and you can vote for me for president if you want to my name is Roman, and I'm okay. Thank you so much for coming out today who just one more thing Jesus told Randall Terry. Whoo, he's turning gay. He's taking him. Can you see it? Yeah, that's crazy. Gabe left. He'll be back. I think the spell made gave this pier not even be all that snoring meme is making my neck nose, like feel weird. But he vibrating let me get single kind of like my story. Well, we're at work when we were sleeping and he's sounded so weird. Well, it was weird. It was weird because mean and he woke up at the exact same time. Like it Bros Philip really funny. Now is he really doing fine? If it is for fuck in the morning for a while? Yeah. My nose was clogged. It was really funny though. Like that out. Oh, we're still want to start off could have gave us a heads up bro. I shouldn't really do. Yeah, I really I really need to think about this one. You kind of put us on the spot. Yeah. We should we should have talked about this like beforehand. It's all good because I literally can't think of anything the best moment of my life. It's a video games when a discovery video games. I thought you were a Christian. I think the best moment of my life. I'm a Christian is me go you guys damn but everyone here who did I meet first? Yeah, probably me. We met like back seventh grade. Yeah. Okay, while one of the best moments, it's probably like meeting all you guys, you know, you guys have been like the best friend your brother had like in a long long long time ago, bro, where the best friend group in general. Honestly, the only got so many haters. They're trying to get their always the viewer. Yeah, they're gonna be that's what there. Stay as real all these haters bro, but the best moment. My life is probably like all the times. We've hung out skated buffets. All that. Dude. We have to get rid of a do we have to go? Can we just go to the body again leaves? Yeah. No, let's go to sucker up before Bonnie leaves be realistic really sucks. That's where all started it's where it all started. Can we go to the middle like Panda place by Albertsons? No and up Panda. Oh, yeah. I got a Banya love Banya rubber ducky really really gonna miss you brother. He's the most wine. Redneck Asian. I know she's so many different races all in one. We love you. Honestly, it's actually interesting. How many races he is. Like we're actually gonna miss you bro. Yeah, we miss you. Do you think I'm living close to make them too? Listen, I wanted to go. All right guys moving on to phase in the AV if we don't other than Sakura and watch you, please let us know. Yeah, please let us know. Yeah. Oh Korean barbecue here. Talk about that the first time United other Christmas party. I'm honest day's fun. Don't want to go back. It was 42 when you gave me your gift tastes. Thank you. And then we have all the pieces and then you can sort of like left like at like midnight. I love was so awesome. My lovely gift we are going to do that again. Dude. I was like bro. If this guy doesn't like this gift, I'm gonna get em, bro. I swear. The keep your gummy gummy a pool ball team or a pool ball from like, you know what? I thought I went like thrift shopping because I needed like an outfit for like through the project for Sailors, right? Because you have to dress formal and it was in the fitting room on the floor. I just put it in my pocket is pretty good the bath bombs and the toaster. Yeah and a card telling me to kill myself. Oh, yeah. Actually wrote kill yourself really nicely. I thought it was like yeah, whatever. They thought it was part of the card. I was confused on how they got in then David told me that Ashley wrote it. Yes. I was panels who did this who took the time to write kill yourself to me. I'm very happy. Yeah. Yeah, amazing. All right, I'll give to do we want to talk about Jesus is second part of the question our lowest it's really worse. I don't know. It is the talks. Yeah, we have to save last year freshman year Well, I um, I don't know I just felt like I was I was really lonely. I'm gonna be honest like don't one friend. I had what was like that I talked to like almost every day. It was Christian and he was the only person I hung out with damn that kind of grateful for because he We him and Michael were don't like people actually hung out with again my house every day. We just gets real expensive. We spent time together pretty epic. You guys are awesome. Yeah, I like like a Christian. I love those guys and people they don't like him and I'm just like why they have no reason they have no his energy is awesome. Like you can't be like mad or sad around him and that's that's a fucking thing. Fact yeah, it's dope. but I would have to agree with tail freshman year knocking y-yeah it just sucked it just me or did so a lot he really did suck for me I would hate for a few years or just in general yeah I do I've never stopped liking enemy, but I just had to stand animation students too much for me. He'll see straight. I totally like anime is kind of like a cool thing now and I people people watch it in like say they watch anime to be cool now. Yeah, like buying shirts and stuff and he won't think I'm weird to like, I've heard people call me weird cuz I don't like it. You're not weird. You're like the majority the majority you have Jesus love. Amen, I'm talking. Yeah. Yeah, I can't hear him. All right. Well you can but it'll show up in the recordings. Okay, the question what what's like the worst time experience in your life or whatever? Probably Crush mini-games. He's pretty bad. Yeah, like I really want to forget about freshman Year you too. Yeah, like you did sophomore year is actually like infinitely but for it. Yeah, there's any freshman's listening freshman year suck. Yeah, you suck and this year will suck or at least the rest of it. Sorry, keep his girlfriend bro, but you suck. Yeah, like leaving came back. He said that freshman year sucked pretty much okay. Well, can you tell him to please leave and he wants you to leave and I joined back. Yeah, he can hear you. Just can't hear him Andy. Yeah, I know. I don't know why president Jesus. Well, what's the worst part of your life? it all started when I was born yeah I don't really know honestly it's been going well I don't really care when Jesus was born yeah they pick their mothers he said get that shit away from me too bad Christian could have stayed the same he slapped the shit up the nurses him he said don't touch me that's probably like the best experience he said yeah that's when I first How do you say it saw that I was powerful. So what are you going to show his dominance as he came out of the room? Exactly? I'm back. Hey Gibby. Can you hear him now, Andy? Okay. Anyways, I think this would be a good time to end. Yeah, it's a good time to end because Andy can't talk. I can't even hear ya. Okay, how do you text into good cat not again ended? Okay. Alright, that's all for today guys. We hope our enjoyed this wonderful podcast ever. I did I really You guys liked it because it was actually really fun. And I yeah, it's been one of our best episodes by far definitely just a why we better let your friends know let your parents know let your dogs know that the boy will continue this Good Vibes and keep on watching every Sunday. Stay safe make good choices don't do drugs everybody else then it was a distance. Yeah, please give us a distance man. We really need them and make it a great day or not. The choice is cut it cut it cut it cut it.