Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further. Clothes so that what is Mortal may be swallowed up in life throughout this whole section beginning in chapter 4 and even before that Paul's been describing how we keep from losing heart losing hope in the midst of suffering. He said and saying Corinthians chapter 4 verse 16 were outwardly wasting away and he turned to the present. Reality of hope that though were outwardly wasting away were inwardly renewed we shift our perspective we walk by faith and there's this inner strengthening that happens because of our hope and so while hope is a future reality. It has a present experience of the presence of God the strengthening of God and the joy that comes along with walking by faith. But as Paul finished chapter for looking at this present experience of endurance through hope he wants to ground us back in the future NE some of our hope that there is at the core of what we believe as followers of Jesus. We believe in the finished work of Jesus that he lived a perfect sinless life that he died as our substitute in death to offer the forgiveness. Is that we need because of the debt that we owed because of our sin and that Jesus raised from the dead defeating sin and offering verse Victory to all who make him Lord of their lives. This is the gospel message that treasure this unspeakable treasure that we've been exploring all throughout 2nd Corinthians chapters 1 through 4, and here Paul points us to the reality that while hope gives us a present. Experience of strength and endurance it is because we have a future home. Our hope is grounded in a future home that is not in this world. There is a future home for every believer in Jesus that this body will one day waste away and die, but there is a resurrection. Body, and Paul is firmly grounded in the hope of the Resurrection in just the last letter that he sent to the Corinthians in First Corinthians. He says this I tell you this brother's 2nd or 1st Corinthians chapter 15 verse 50. I tell you this flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God nor does the perishable inherit the imperishable behold? I tell you a mystery we shall not all sleep. Sleep but we shall all be changed in a moment in the twinkling of an eye at the last trumpet for the trumpet will sound and the dead will be raised imperishable and we shall be changed for this perishable body must put on the imperishable for this Mortal body must put on immortality when the perishable puts on the imperishable and the Mortal puts on immortality then shall come. To pass the saying that is written death is swallowed up in Victory. Oh death. Where is your Victory? Oh death. Where is your Sting? The sting of death is sin and the power of sin is the law, but thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ and Paul picks up on some of that same language here in this passage where he says in verse 4 for while we are still in this Stent he describes our current existence in these Earthly bodies as a tent a temporary dwelling but we look forward to an eternal home. He says for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further clothes. So that what is Mortal may be swallowed up by life. In other words the message here of verses 1 through 4 are is that we grown in this Earthly existence, we experience Affliction and pain Agony anxiety sorrow and suffering all of these realities of wasting away. And in the midst of that we have this as followers of Jesus, we have this perspective that is grounded in the conviction that death Is not the end of the story that this body is not our permanent home. And so there is this hope of a resurrection body that we will one day be clothed in a perfect body with no suffering and no pain. There will be no tears and death will be no more and we grown for that. We long for that but notice that Paul says we grow not that we will be. Unclothed and in the distinction that he's making here is we aren't just at longing for this Earthly existence to end. There isn't just this longing that all would be over that we just have this fatalistic sense about oh, if only my my life would be over. This is there's while we grown there is not misery. There's strength. There's renewal. There's endurance. I saw that in the verses that come before but what Paul is pointing us to here in chapter 5 is that while we have a perseverance and strength and we have this renewed perspective in the midst of suffering. It's all grounded in our future home that know when we die, we will be unclothed but that we would be further clothes. Not that it would just be the end of this tent, but that We would move into our permanent dwelling where we shall see Jesus and death will be swallowed up in Victory. And in what is perishable this mm this mortality with be swallowed up by immortality. What's temporary would be swallowed up by what's Eternal and we look forward to this. And so there is a future reality of our hope. There is a present reality of Our Hope and is all Grounded in the past finished work of Jesus that he died and raised from the dead and so we as followers of Jesus believed in the resurrection of the body. And so I want to read verse 1 again for we know and Paul's building on he says for the being of this he's building on what he said before we don't lose heart and this is part of how we keep from losing heart we No, and how do you know something you remind yourself of it? You commit it to your heart and your mind we know that if this tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens and this is my encouragement to you today. Let your hope be grounded in your future home that There is the resurrection of Jesus that we grown for we long for and that gives us that renewed strength that energy that Faith to keep pressing on amidst the weary Brokenness of this world. So be encouraged brothers and sisters that this Earthly tent is just your dwelling for now and so we long for the day. When this Earthly tent will be swallowed up in life. And this is where the gospel the hope that we have in Jesus redefines for us what it means to truly live because there will be a day as deal Moody once said that you will read in the papers that deal Moody has died don't believe a word of it because on that day. I will be more alive than I have ever been. And that is true for me and you if you have put your faith in Jesus that life true living is yet to come.