If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. death taxes and losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at Denver so we won't be talking about that. So we'll start off with talking a little bit about this week's games. Hopefully not too much some game highlights and lowlights. This is the week that the Raptors went one and two lost two in a row to end the week out and we'll start though with the good news, which was the blowout versus the Pacers last Sunday the 127 281 One massive blowout. I think Amon wasn't that the biggest Point differential and Raptors history or something. Like that was yeah, and I don't know what too much to say about this game. I mean we had maybe five players or six players. I think it--yeah six players scoring more than 10 points. We had an awesome Matt Thomas game 17 points his career high. It was pretty hilarious. A lot of it was in garbage time at the end, but it was still also a mean that was fun. I don't quit her. I was saying joking rather that When the Raptors go up by 40 a slew of games just follow for whatever reason when they had a 40 point lead against the Utah Jazz in that half met member that first half that they had after they won that game. They lost three in a row to Miami and then Philadelphia. And then now when they have a 46-point win against the Pacers, they end up losing the next two games following so that does not bode well for tonight, but like we said we're recording before so who knows what happened? Yeah, who knows? Hopefully we can stem the tide. I think we must move on. From that one. I mean that was a lot of fun and there were fun bench celebrations all the last thing I'll say anything crochet Brissette might be the most fun bench celebrator anyway, because he's pretty every game there's like something memorable when they're doing. Well the next game. Yeah was the kind of the bummer. It was the 108 297 loss against the bucked my main observation like we didn't have quite enough offense and I think none of us were surprised by that. I mean we didn't have Marcus all we didn't have Norm Powell and I think when you're going to take In the Box you need everything and you know, we had 22 points from siakam. He wasn't super impressive at the end of game to me and surge had a pretty big stinker with five points. I think he missed like every three known to man and this game or you know, it was one of ten so pretty close to that. He was dismal so I know what were your thoughts on this one? I'm on you know, we were joking heading into this that if the Raptors one clear sign that there were going to make the final they were just the best team in the East and if they lost we had the bill And excuses and to be fair. I think those built-in excuses were after it like not having Marc Gasol is very big not having Norman Powell's we saw in that Charlotte Hornets game where he was really one of the only ones who can make a 3-pointer is massive for this team. And after that game I thought okay. So the reaction from the American Media I'm saying that in quotes because you know, how as Raptor fans. We love to harp on the American Media. I thought that their reaction to the game made no sense, right? Like we have guys being like, Who else eat this just proves the point that the Raptors just don't have enough scoring power to beat the Milwaukee Bucks. And yes that might be accurate but I don't know that we can look at this game as a clear example of that when you're missing Mark the soul, right and norm and Norm because he's the team's best defender. But the team also desperately misses him on offense. If you remember last year the Raptors before the All-Star break were twenty second in the league in three-point percentage made after the All-Star break were first and the difference there was that much. Orcas whole trip and he provides on the offensive end cannot be underscored and I thought you know, I was going to talk a little bit about Steven Naismith saying that the Miami Heat were clear favorites in the East to take on the Milwaukee Bucks and just sort of laugh about that because he mentioned that Miami is a very good three-point shooting team and you need three point shooters to beat the buck and that's accurate but what Miami 3-point shooters give you on offense they take away on the defensive end and that's why they're not in the same tier. As the Celtics in the Raptors who have guys who can do it on both on both sides of the ball. I did want to get more into that but we don't actually have to waste our time on on Steven Naismith today. So let's move on to the next game. Come on. He's a waste of time every day the next game. Yeah. So Friday night, we had that kind of drag of a loss against the Hornets 99 296. I don't know this game. I don't think I never want to see it again and everyone I think about it again mean the bench had nine points. It was just so so so bad, but they were missing then Polly and both big so a lot about that about the bench scoring but when you're missing so many players and you have bench guys now starting that's unfair to the bench because they're losing two of their most important players at that point and Serge Ibaka was hurt. Right. So you're you're losing you're losing a lot of the productivity From the Bench so I don't know that that's completely fair to them. Yeah. I kind of got big win this game. Anyway, though. I mean, they're just so much better than Charlotte, but I guess that's just business. Sorry for the Raptors right like death taxes and losing to the Charlotte Hornets / mol. Yeah, it's a curse at this point and in all honesty. I thought the curse was over because in DeMar DeRozan blast using here the rafters swept the Hornets in the regular season for the first time ever with just sounds ludicrous because the Hornets Ash Bobcats have been just terrible for so long. So what I decided to do because I think that you made a very good point this was a game that the Raptors should have won, but they didn't and they lost stit in such heartbreaking fashion just to relive it for everybody. There was 2.1 seconds left and it was a tied game. Yeah. Well the Raptors had to do was defend for 2.1 seconds and force overtime and they didn't get a chance to do that because rondae hollis-jefferson was called for a foul before the Hornets could even inbound the ball, which I'm not saying he didn't foul him he did but who calls that? Do not point of the game. Now, you're just letting free throws a decide the game for you and I just thought that was no I mean, I know a lot of people were mad of that foul mad about the rafts and I get it because they don't usually call that but they miss 929 free throws than 20 that game. Yeah, they didn't they didn't deserve to win. They should have already won it before we even got to being tied in the last 2 seconds. What the Boppers do best. What The Rock is do best. It's fine heartbreaking ways to lose to the Charlotte Hornets black bobcats. And so I took it upon myself to go back and relive some of these games and I made my top 5 worst losses to the Charlotte Hornets / Bobcat misery loves company. So I decided to bring it on the pot with a good thing here. So let's get into it. Here's the thing. Let's think I think that this game hops into the top five losses, I think because of the improbabilities Of the way that the Raptors lost. It's got to be in the top five. So this next one I guess gets bumped off and it was one of the most recent losses to the Charlotte Hornets. It was on April 5th 2019. So yes, it is. It's Jeremy Lamb second game-winning buzzer beater three in a two-week span against the Toronto Raptors just such an awful game. The Raptors were up by one with under 10 seconds ago and it seemed like Kemba had eyes in the back of his head. Because they were only up by one you think that they would just go for the to and so he drove and Raptors defense are just warm him. He kicks it out to Jeremy Lamb who was wide open for three and he hits it. It was just laughs so Iman. I just look at that point. You have two especially because two weeks prior to that he hit another one which don't worry makes its way onto the list. So let's get into number four. All right. So number four was March 29th 2017. So let me paint the picture. I know I talk fast guys. Bear with me put it down 2.75 on your podcast stop if you must all right. So let's paint the picture combo was over six from Deep. He was not having a great game until three minutes and 41 seconds to go in the fourth quarter where he hits a three to bring the Hornets within one. Then with two minutes ago, he hits another three to put the Hornets up by one then with 38 seconds to go. He hits another three to put the Hornets up by 3. Then with ten seconds to go Kemba drives. He kicks it out to Batum who finds Marvin Williams. Yes. That's the Marvin Williams who was hitting some timely threes against the Raptors in that Bucks game. It all comes full circle. You guys he hits a dagger three above the brake and the Hornets and of winning. Game the Hornets scored 44 points in the force and had eight three-pointers for of them coming in the last three minutes and 41 seconds band that I was just talking about. That was the worst terrible terrible game, but not the worst because there are three other ones that are more people coming in at number three is November 21st 2012. So if you guys remember the season this was the Raptors last bad year. So this was the year the last year that they didn't make the playoffs. Korean massage, yeah. Yeah. So the score is 98 97 because Ramon Sessions just hit a jumper and now I'm going to paint one of the craziest last possessions for the Toronto Raptors. All right. So raptors have them down one Damar drives. He gets blocked the Raptors come up with the rebound. They get it to Andre bargnani who pump fakes from three because you know, Andrea bargnani loves to pump fake from three, but he has this really nice fine to Jose Calderon who standing The top of the key and Jose mind you because I think a lot of people forget. This was a brilliant three-point shooter. He shot 46% from deep that year on four attempts per game just brilliant. Anyway, he ends up breaking this one gets the long rebound passes it to tomorrow who gets the ball stripped but it's okay. It's okay because of three seconds left the Raptors get the ball back. They inbounded Tundra bargnani under a Bryan going for the win get set. Fouled on the shot. No call Raptors end up losing and it was a clear hack on a game on a potential game-winning shot. I was Furious about that one and reliving. It has gotten me all worked up and yet again apparently seven years later. I'm still angry about a game seven years in a championship later. I'm still mad about on Andrea. Bargnani missed potential game winner a car. Yeah. Thankfully. Do not remember this game. And anyway, I'm Gary and I view and your Like awesome memory of these terrible game show this this was a season where the Raptors just kept having close loss after close loss, but I am lucky that I almost have like a blank in my mind between the vertebrae. This is number two on the list December 18 2013. So this would have been probably like the second or third game after the Rudy Gay trade. So he would be in Sacramento at this point and I'm going to start this off with overtime nineteen point five seconds left in the game. The game the Charlotte Bobcats are up 100 to 99 and aamir's going for this offensive rebound and ends up fouling Gerald Henderson. And yes, that's the Gerald Henderson notable Raptor killer Gerald Henderson. So he goes to the line and he misses not one, but two free throws Raptors get the ball DeMar DeRozan has a clear Lane to the basket. He gets the easy two Raptors are now down by one. The score is 101 102. And they're forced to foul Kemba Walker on the other end to stop the clock Campbell goes to the line. He misses not one, but two free throws. I know you're thinking this sounds lovely, but no it's on my list. So it can't be all raptors get the ball. Again DeMar DeRozan goes for the win. He gets fouled by Gerald Henderson. He goes to the line. He splits his free throws misses. The first one makes the second one. It's tied 102 102 in overtime. There's one second left in the game. Not two seconds. Not one point something second. Just one second left in the game. Josh McRoberts inbounds it to Kemba Walker can but hits a fade away somehow it goes in and the Raptors lose to the Bobcats again. Okay, and then finally number one the worst loss in my opinion. I referenced it earlier. It is the Jeremy Lamb game winner the daily. Is March 24 it is 2019. The Raptors are up by two and there's 3.1 seconds left on the clock Dwayne bacon. He inbound the ball to Jeremy Lamb siakam actually gets his hand on the ball and swipes the ball away. And so and Jeremy Lamb fumbles it and is trying to gather it again. He at this point is beyond half court. He is in the backcourt. He just fumbled the ball away. He's got maybe one second left and has Pascal. Asia come running at him trying to close and so he throws up a heave and somehow this backcourt heme lens. There's no well, there's no Kevin Harlan voice. Is this the dagger bounce bounce bounce? We don't get that. It is an automatic switch game over Charlotte Hornets win it somehow someway they keep doing this against the Raptors. It is insane. My favorite stat the worst shot ever. Is that the lockout-shortened season the Charlotte Bobcats one seven games that year it went 7 games. That is the losing a season in NBA history and they somehow managed to beat the Raptors twice. They had a record against the Toronto Raptors and me losing a season in NBA history. The Raptors find miraculous ways to lose to this team. Those are the five worse than my opinion. Let me know what you guys think that I miss one. I probably did my only issue. Iman with your list is I think only for one is actually the number one best laws because that Jeremy Lamb half-court throw it up in the air and pray. I just thought of it was hilarious. Actually. I laugh and I ended up winning a championship and regular season matter at all. It's just insane how they end up losing to this team. They invent new ways to do it attitude pointed that out. Well, yeah from that. That was a very Minutes you guys that was a very entertaining trip down bad memory lane. So here we are at the weekly dime. It's where we talk about someone or something in the NBA this week. That was a perfect 10. So for this one, I will start out at start out and pick my dime and my dime is Zach Lowe on the Bill Simmons podcast this week where they spent five glorious minutes praising Kyle. Hurry, it was so awesome. It was so fun. I think I listen to it three times. I mean, I know I'm a bit of suspects Kyle Lowry, but it was great. It starts with Bill saying here's the case for Lowry being the 12th most important player. The one I would pick if I were, you know designing a championship team and he picks Kyle and says, here's a here's the case for Lowry and Zach Lowe immediately Cuts in and says, you don't have to make the case. I'm in their Champions. What are you talking about? And then Talked about Kyle Lowry being a badass Kyle Lowry being the most important player in the All-Star Game. He's every great players on the court and he's the best one. He's doing the most he's the least afraid then we get Zach Lowe saying Kyle Lowry. He's on your team. You know, you don't have to save any of your brain worried about what he's going to do because Kyle Lowry is going to make the right decision every time and you don't need to think about it and then bill went on and on for quite a few minutes about why Lowry is an NP MVP. Even though yeah, he had his top five Lowry was number six but he made the very strong case that this is the second best team in the East the third in the league and that guy is their fuel. This guy is the most important player to this team. They've had two of the best months in the NBA. They just went on and on and on and it ended. Do you know what Zack talking for a while about game six of the finals and Kyle creating his legacy and how no one ever envisaged him probably being the guy that in a finals elimination game like makes the most difference. Such as like Dives in and scores every point in the first five minutes. But anyway, it was a glorious glorious five minutes. That is my dime this week. I think I'm just going to double up there that my diamonds. Well, I love that they were talking about the game six there and how that change Kyle's Legacy because I remember when Draymond Green blocked his shot in game 5 just being heartbroken that like these narratives about Kyle Lowry are coming back and they're not true and for him to have that Redemption game game 6, I thought was so necessary. For him and it's very clear in the way that the rest of the league is talking about him. So I agree. I'm gonna make that my dime as well. Why not? So we'll move into our dish segment our weekly dish and this week our weekly dish is going to be our dime bag a listener mailbag because we get a lot of questions and a lot of weeks. We don't actually get to very many of them. So I think Iman has got a few that get to your question today like thank you for sending it in we Are going to go through a lot of these some of them are playoff related questions and we do want to save them for closer to the playoffs. Right? So this is from too much Hoops. Brad says other than the Raptors, what are the top three teams that you've been watching the most frequently this year and why Sarah do my first would be okay. See I just think the sender have been super super fun. This year might be in the minority. But I love Chris Paul. He's the most convoluted. Yeah. He's the most Kyle Lowry. Larry's the he is the Kyle Lowry of the West he's having a great Resurgence hear him and shy or shy Gil just Alexander are so so fun. No one thought they'd be this good. I love it. I don't know how to order the next to but I really enjoy the Pelicans and The Grizzlies. Obviously, it's been it's just super awesome. It's super fun to watch as I on this total. I never seen a guy like this like his body his athleticism. Just how good he's been so fast. He hasn't played that many. IMS explosive and they're just like a fun young team. That's just having a really good time and I love it. And also there's a Canadian on it and kill Alexander Walker which is always a bonus for me. And then the Griz I mean also again another fun young team John Moran super fun. I love JB's on the team. So I love seeing him do well. Those are my top three. I got to admit that. I'm really enjoying the Celtics this year, but I will never make the Celtics of faith. Everett anything I'm very Petty. My those are my top three. I don't know if you agree Iman or disagree or want to fight. You know, I think those are three really fun teams. I completely understand whether you're there on your list. I find teams that I often watch a lot it sometimes hate watching. Yeah II hate watch some teams because I want them to lose and so I'm gonna pay attention to your game Boston Celtics. I'm talking about you watching a lot of Celtics games recently by myself watching a lot of Clippers games Clippers and Celtics had a Very fun game right before the All-Star break and I'm very intrigued by this small ball Houston Rockets team. Yeah, and I love Russ so I have watched quite a disco or games already. I love Russ. Yeah. Hi. He's Fun Run on it's so much fun to watch the Houston Rockets. So that answers that I have a drink question. Chaos, and Caro's asks us did Drake stripping ruin our chances for Jonas. No, I don't think it matters. Cause I don't y'all Miss cares so much about winning and being put in a great situation. I don't think Drake matters. Yeah, and he's a great role right like graco's had a meme Drake knows not to be corny. It's just who he is. I don't think the players really care and I think you know Yiannis was on the Raptors or considering coming to the Raptors on the very small chance. He decides to leave the box and let's be honest. It's a small chance. I love we loved we Raptors fans love to troll the bucks, but he's probably not leaving but in the off chance you got Doesn't care like he'll have fun partying with Drake. He'll have fun playing basketball and his so Kurt underscored 2 to 5. He says it hurts him to ask this but has Tatum surpassed Pascal siakam. Let's say, you know, I mean he might but I think it's way too soon like what he's been really killing it for like a month and it's exciting and you know, he I think he could be a top-five player at the in the league at some point. But yeah, I'm not ready to to Crown Him. Yet or say he's I don't know about you. I think offensively he's a better player than Pascal siakam and defensively. I mean just with siakam size like it's not not a knock on Jason Statham who is a great defender in his own, right? The Pascal siakam is better, but I think if you looked at Pascal's beginning of the year, you would say well, he's Head and Shoulders above Tatum and Tatum's gone on the run now and that's just what happens with these young players. I think it's too soon to say like you just mentioned but for right now, I do think that Tatum has the edge over siakam, but that's mine. Liable to change at any at any moment. He just has so much more versatility offensively in his ability to just squirt that we've seen siakam really struggle with this year. So I would say for right now. Yeah, he's been playing better than him. Yeah. Okay. So Luke James at Luke James BGN asks, where would you put Damon Stoudamire on your list of all the time best Raptor players honestly, I mean I think for me he probably goes between 10 and 15. I think you probably We disagree. Well, I kind of know you do so. Yeah, what are your thoughts? Okay. So this is in no particular order. We got Kawhi Leonard you have Kyle Lowry. You have DeMar DeRozan. You have Chris Bosh you have Pascal siakam. Boom. I forgot it Vince Carter Evans Carter. Yeah. I was like I had six that is the top six. So I would put him at seven and to be completely honest. I've been a Raptors fan for as long as I can remember, but Damon Stoudamire predates as long as I can remember, so a lot of my Damon Stoudamire knowledge is either by anecdotal or from basketball reference. It's not actually from watching him as a main guy on the Raptors. So that might be why I'm underscoring him or discounting him a little bit on this list. But in my opinion, you've got the top six and he can be number seven. Yeah. I mean II can I think it's arguable I could put them anywhere from seven to 15. So I'm I'm I also didn't watch a ton of the first few years of the Raptors, so it's probably an Unfair kind of biased because I wasn't watching his games that much, right? Okay. So this is a fun question from Chris bridge in at crisp. So he says Lowry is Bernie Sanders. That's his take what beyond the central Patrick macaw is Bloomberg. Just why he says and then he asks who is Warren Pete and Klobuchar of the Raptors. I don't know if I fully agree with his premise that Bernie is Kyle I get why he said it the grumpy. But I think of Marcus all to be honest because I have this kind of picture of him in my mind is kind of being as Democratic Socialist leaning guy. I mean, he's Spanish. He's European. He saves refugees in the Mediterranean and the summer so but I'll accept. Okay, I'll accept Brad's premise for now. I think you had kind of some exciting thoughts the thing. I love my Toronto Raptors and I did not think it was fair to compare any of them. Um to Mayor Pete or Amy Klobuchar or any of the democratic candidates at this point. So what I decided to do instead was compare those guys to NBA teams. So I thought start off with none other than Joe Biden and I thought that Joe Biden is a San Antonio Spurs, they're old they're outdated people only expect them to achieve because of their name recognition and history and all of us want them to Out of the race. I don't think there's a single non Spurs fan that wants them in the playoff hunt Biden's over like he needs to step away and oh, yeah. Mr. I'm too long just like the Spurs exactly. So for the Celtics, I have mayor Pete, of course people who judge for one. He looks like Brad Stevens. I think it actually pointed out that he's very similar to them. So I give her credit for that. But of course, he looks like Brad Stevens also incredibly overrated very shiny and Seems different and new but if you look under the hood, you'll notice some major flaws with both of them then for Elizabeth Warren. I have the Philadelphia 76ers. They have the pieces to be good and scary but they can't put anything together long enough to actually contend for anything and they constantly do and say things to self-sabotage. So that's why the Sixers are Warren and then for Amy Klobuchar, I have the Denver Nuggets they're there but No one actually expects them to win anything of value. They're just they're so those are the comparisons that I've made. I also have clippers as Bloomberg. I know he mentioned macaws Bloomberg, but the Clippers of the villains of my heart right now. And that is Mayor Bloomberg a hundred percent the Clippers and like Ballmer. Yeah, like rich and buying their way into things exactly exactly and being really annoying while they do it. Exactly. All right tala and oh my gosh this you Username at Holy cockroach asked are you I know it's a great are you concerned about the players and coaches being on edge about calls? Sometimes namely Lowry and nurse and I guess I'm asking this one because I would say yes, I think really yeah, I do. Well, I always thought that they you know, Kyle and others like would get really worked up and sometimes like were thrown off their game when rest were going well, and I remember this a lot during D'marie, ra2 they were so demonstrative with their frustration. I felt like de Mar and Kyle would have kind of tantrums and then to me that went down a lot last year. Like I felt like Hawaii really calmed the team and they all talked about that how he was a calm presence and didn't get thrown and this year there have been a few games where I felt like Kyle and maybe Pascal over to visible and their end kind of just seeming very frustrated and like Kyle like during the Bucks game wasn't he like kind of nuts a little bit if you want. Playing poorly. I think I think he gets in his head when he has a game like that. But to me, it's like Kyle's been complaining about roughing for his entire career. We going to be worried about it 14 years later. Like I don't know and I liked it Nick nurse gets on the rafts. I think that you want that in your coach. It definitely revs. Kyle's engines up. We constantly hear Matt Devlin being like don't poke the bear only subscribe and like a pissed-off. Kyle Lowry in the fourth quarter is some of the most fun basketball that you'll watch. And so I don't know. I don't have very much of a problem with it. I trust Kyle Lowry the leader of this team. It's not a big deal to be. Okay, that's fair. So I think maybe the last question that will ask Alan Qing qiu asked. Do you have a favorite interaction with a raptor player and I'll start that for you and Mom and I'll do mine second. Okay, so when I used to work at a restaurant probably about 18 at the time Joey Graham came in and he was being shown around. And and Stephen Graham came in Twins, and I remember my co-workers not knowing who either one of them are but like it was a big deal that they were here at the restaurant because like they were like Shone like the special table and yada yada and I just remember my co-workers being like wait wasn't he just wearing a different shirt and like freaking out about it, but like me understanding that they were Twins and I thought that was just one of my favorite instances. Also, I got to serve them and I was really excited. I was like, okay you guys don't know who they are. So, that's me. Um, yeah, I'm gonna do this one. That was fun. I would say I actually have never had an interaction with the Raptors player. So if anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials so we can take turn covering the team those of us who aren't already journalists like Katie. I would be thrilled if anyone wants to do that. But aside from that I would say I have a favorite interaction between Raptors players if I can switch the question around on its head a little bit and I'm going to pick a recent one because it just fresh in my mind, but I thought it was so adorable. Adorable the interactions between Kyle Lowry and Pascal siakam at All-Star and calling each other beloved all the time and you could just feel see real affection and kind of a bond and I know I'm being corny, but it's not the same obviously as the de Mar and Kyle kind of all time friendship stuff, which is really great. But yeah, I really loved loved that a lot. Yeah, the Beloved my beloved. This is my beloved. Anyway, I love that. I love this team. There's so much fun. Are they like they're so lovable? I don't know how you are. I love all of them and I have a hard time whenever anyone asked me to pick my favorite because as much as I love Kyle and I always say Lowry like I love things about all the starters and then even some of the others so I don't know. Yeah, we're lucky we are and you know, who else is really lovely all of the listeners, so, please like rate and subscribe if we always forget to do that. I think yeah you do that from here on out, please rate and subscribe. Scribe because yeah, and we love y'all and I think that's it for me that it from you. Yeah, man, just I'm like you I want everyone to subscribe rate and review follow us on Twitter like like it's a video subscribe rate and review follow us on Twitter at dishes dimes pod. And yeah, thank you. All right. Do you guys possibly sometime this week? See you?