Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment andAlton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the development and advancement of Youth entrepreneurship. She's an admitted attorney. Sorry. She's an a Admitted advocate of the high court of South Africa who believes in passing the Baton in order to impart what we know the work. She does in relation to the profession is the empowers other young women which in turned empowers her. She's an advocate for personal and professional development. Aralia holds a bachelor of laws degree and a compliance management certificate and most recently obtained a post graduate diploma in contract Drafting and interpretation with an ambition to obtain her Master's in law in information. Ecology and communication. Oh really lives by the quote immerse yourself in a life that moves you because what you surround yourself with is what becomes your life Wow. Hello Arabia. Thank you so much for joining the first first ever episode of sisters in conversation. Thank you for bailing yourself and honoring my invitation. Thank you. I am honored by you asking me to be your first ever and yeah, I just hope that you know, I am I'm good. Well, that's quite a impressive bio you have they do you want to maybe tell us a little bit about what you know fueled your desire to study law if I can say we did you always imagine yourself to be an attorney or an advocate. Did you always see yourself something funny and You know as you grow up you have a picture and I think I've done this in other interviews before and I remember this vividly I had this little scrapbook in high school. I used to put everything in it. I mean if I saw a popcorn popcorn that was like a shape. I remember this popcorn look like a poodle and took it I stuck it in my book. So I've always been that person. I could lick things. We been Vision boarding for a long time, which is didn't know what it was. 13 years later it happens, right and I'm like wait when I say corporate lawyer. This is what I meant. So I'll take you back a bit. So I started my law degree at UK's it in Howard College. I did three years there before. I was like at me to be admitted in jobber exactly. So and while I was working I was doing work experience. So from grade eleven to mature quick to my first three years. I was always working at garlic and bassfield and my principal was over in Lawrence. So I was working under him and he was he didn't corporate law department. So there that's when I was just like and we're doing and who is one of the other cases I got involved with and I was like following around and shadowing was the should be ashamed case. I was like, wow, this is amazing. You know when you like back in the day exactly I was bad for beg and After that, I was like, I don't want to be in practice. Mmm. I did that for about three four years while studying and it was between the June and July Holidays and the December holidays and I was like this can't be my life. So you credit when you move juvik, you moved yellow to greet you so, you know, and then I got only good credit for two years. So the 50% of the 40 module so I had to redo my my third year but not connect was a small cost to me because when I was in pain, Because the company that I was working for so I got in as they are PA the executive PA to actually 706 actuaries and I was the seventh person so they paid for the three years that I've already started studied and then paid for the rest of my studies at unisa are grounded. So it would be you know at God's plan guys. Sometimes you just you know sensors you just let him do hello faint year and then my grandmother grandparents went is angry about not only when that because I think they biggest fear as well as like if you now not doing this one alone. What are you doing? Yeah. Yeah. They thought I was not going to go back to the degree and I need a break. I need need to figure myself a change of scenery and also like, you know as you grow up and and then you just like is this really do I really want to do law or is it because my grandparents have spoken about me being a lawyer for so long that I believe that I myself. Have to be this, you know, so was it my idea I was you know, I was going through that four billion. Yeah, is this even about me, you know, and yeah, so I and I found myself in law and I'm still finding more of me in your and so yeah what I wrote at 17 is now happening and for me, I mean, I am currently in the job search, but I know exactly what I'm looking for and I'm not, you know going to say till tomorrow because it's yes. Yeah, because yeah, I really really love and appreciate that about our generation that we are fearless in what we really want. We are not settling like how a lot of our older, you know, our parents aren't our grandmother's just settled because okay. This is a job in nursing. I'm going to take it already for the cases. We are very, you know, determined and committed to what we want to separate lives. And I think we are one of the we are the first generations to literally map out the kind of life. We want we are making it designing it if it's a Again, that's incredible. Yeah. All right. So I'd like us to get into the actual, you know business of the day. I have here a number of questions about 15 questions that I wrote when they upside down and they're upside down. I'm going to ask you to choose four questions, which we are going to go through they basically relate to who you are as a person your how you find yourself in the profession issues of transformation representational effect. Presentation of black women there's some domestic violence issues on you know, how men can play a party? So those are the kind of questions then at the end. I'm going to ask you one final question. Okay. I know one of them has to do with singing a chorus to one of your favorite song. Oh, wow. I've seen you on social media you like singing I do better. Questions cool. So we'll just pick just like, okay. No, you must give them to me. I'm going to read them out to you. It's too. Three trying to be okay at and leave another big piece up psycho. There was a big okay. I'm going to start with the last one you gave me. Okay. This is a nice finish one is not so serious. It says what is your best memory in the legal profession? Because Bobby and law, it's my best memory because it allowed me to create my own narrative and be confident in myself. So I was like, you know, cause I'm like a friendly person. I'm always smiling and I'm all about happiness and positivity people sometimes excuse that like excuse that for you are dumb or actually when I when I read Pull in and said what what is the assumption that people make about people think of down? Yeah, so and being called a Barbie. Oh, yeah, like you don't even know you taken aback by that or were you like? I'm actually going to own this, you know, because I owned it because so the other thing is like I've come from a background with during high school. So I've been working since I was in grade 8 promotion if I wasn't doing promotions on weekends, I was doing pageants. How was yeah, I was doing pageants. Retail was only in my trig. But like I was in pageants or doing fashion show. So doing bright. I'm your I've warned you so many white dresses that my prayers are like this is why you haven't had you for waiting because you we posted your bundles and so it's so I've got this pageant background. So almost you've been groomed and I love dress that I love dressing up. I mean the profession Easter is professional Corporate Way in it. It's being a fashionista in your corporate world, you know, because we use to assign being a fashionista to someone who does who's a design that yeah, you know, so I'd love clothes and and it's and I dressed up I am serious about that. You know, it's how I represent myself and when I was called Bobby and I was like, oh, okay. That's the new I love it. Yeah, I'm going with it. And because I am I am I am a born and debunk all the myths are only six buttons and all of that. You know, I'm going to walk around this organization bouncing a to say I bounce when they are gonna be like, yeah close your confidence absolutely empowering empowering memories one of my basic because I was just like 82 love this question. Okay, what would you like to see two men in the profession when it comes to empowering women either in the legal profession or in other professions? You know, it's funny. I was at women on boards events not so long ago with the president of the speaker was multi-tone yet. And one of the questions were worried with similar to this that they asked me so, you know when you come from a place of privilege net so let's say we talk about white privilege. How do we as black people learn about privilege if we are not learning it from the very Anyway people that have been privileged. So black men have been more privileged than black women in business. They they need to take it up and Empower us and share the privilege and show us this privilege that we are also yearning for so they do have an important role to play because again, it goes to passing the Baton and we need to learn from them and it's not to say that and I And and is that thing that I've been reading about a lot and we not you must never come into corporate or business and try be a man. Yeah be as feminine and be the woman that you are and because that is a known that space as a woman not because you're trying to be like the boss and and just as just as you're emotionally unstable whatever as you all as you are as a woman as opposed to trying to fit in with trying to be the man because This is how you gain respect. Yeah, and yeah, and and I know you've read lean in yay as well which speaks a lot about the yeah, when you come into the provision, you have to understand that if you do if you're in a position where you do want children one day, you're a woman. You'll never be able to compete with the man. First of all, you're a bear of life here in assure of life. So you don't even need to be completed. The most important thing to understand is definitely owning your space. Yeah and moving away from the misconception that when you are you are a female boss. Then you automatically supposed to be bitchy exact you can be a gentle female and gentle and firm at the center and first, you know, and that actually goes into empowering other women as well as women. We tend to have a problem with lifting As We rise. Yeah. So yeah, there's the queen bee syndrome had just written by st. Yeah. Yeah, but I also don't want to derogate from the question itself. Let's see Men actually to lift as they are absolutely deliberate about absolutely with Some you you need to be having conversation in your space where if you get into if you get into an office and there's only men in that specific meeting yet to be like where are the women and not a woman who is support stuff woman whose original? Yeah. So when you get into a meeting and it's a room of nine man. Yeah woman who's a PA? Yeah, that's not actually empowering. You know that she's not in that professional. Yeah, you need to she's learning curve that more than two sessions are being a part of that remain if it means taking on and in turn to say Hey you please come sit in this meeting. We're having a meeting about this is that we know that you're an intern but you're in the space and you being groomed for this come as a young woman. Imagine a 56 year old Co coming to an open plan this covid intern saying can you come and sit in this meeting? Absolutely. Absolutely and I absolutely agree and it takes that and you know, some of the things that there's a way in which women Empower or behave they are in power or There's something of value that they bring theirs right now policies are being drafted by me for women. How are you drafting policy is about people you don't even understand you don't understand their daily living. So even if you but drafting policies for young girls, it's the main in power what benefits is it when you are drafting something you don't understand. So how much more difficult is it to implement that if Don't even understand the the background. It's coming. It's almost like a single time that it's not it's not beneficial or its of no effect. If white people are narrating our stories like blue key. What what what what can they say that if they're haven't lived that underprivileged episode haven't lived through poverty absolute. They haven't lived being judged through the color of your skin exact, you know, and and then we do the same with me. So what benefit is it? If you don't know the struggles, are you doing and understand the challenges that woman? We have if things like I mean, I think we spoke of learn about we need to actually actively do something and be loud and be bold with that the conversation started talking. We don't use we can talk until next and okay. Yeah, we done with the hashtags. Now. We must go in and say and do your dress code policy does not accommodate women holistically your this policy in your business does not accommodate women. Why must it still be a discussion that the Used to be a breastfeeding room when I went back to work after after I had my son I would have to so I was like I'm not going to this is food. I'm not going to go to the toilet and it doesn't make sense. I had to go to my car imagine. No, I don't have a car and I take a taxi to work. How do I pay you not going to express now? How do I express that now the very good food that the child needs and is recommended. You must go pumpkin a toy. Let's go something a toilet. Yeah. I'm not pump it all. Yeah, because now you kids must be informed me that because And you have to wake up at 4 o'clock and get into a taxi to go to work. When are you going to find the time to express sure. These are actually conversations that we can't be having in 2010. We can't be it can't be a conversation in. You know, it can't be the same way. There's prayer rooms at airports this prayer rooms and in businesses woman need to be accommodated fully. Yeah, you need to be comfortable unique, you know, there's another memory I have in my career in the same company, so Just come back from maternity leave and my son was ill and I had to go and pick him up and I was I was sitting there just like oh my gosh. What am I going to say? How about going to and then I was at whoa. Wait, there's not a pit. You know what even this week panty great faced a dog was hit by something. She didn't have to scream to the vet. No one made to anybody. She didn't go to our men. teacher she just took her stuff, but we do Stossel exactly and I was like, I thought I was like Not only I'm taking my stuff. Yeah. I took my stuff. I'll explain later. Yeah, yeah and told let's go directly and and I think that confidence obviously comes with working the same way. Now I can walk into an interview. They offer me a job and I say, okay. Thank you so much for the job, please. May I start at nine o'clock and leave it Hoppers three. Yeah because I drop my kids off at school. I can then after I've dropped them off. I'm not going to wake them up as we could dickless hours for them to be dropped off. Of / 6 because I need to be at the office by Harper's 8 and so take into consideration traffic and take into consideration that I need to drop my kids off at school. Sometimes will be accidents week. I'm dropping him off and he messes up and I have to help to give us those those things are not supposed to be things. I'm coming into a can explain. Let me gives me relief you going to be a hundred and ten percent present between absolute Rock and three and you know what maybe and from 6 to 11 p.m. When you pick up your laptop again exactly. A key so within need to move and transform even as a country and how business is done. We dropped contracts. You can draft a contract from anywhere in the world and which you can be increase sipping on cocktails. You get a brief you dropped it you send it in you don't need to physically this Sunday's where you don't need to physically be there by like the pump to check with the bunch of this wi-fi and smartphones. Okay. Everybody used to get to work at 6:30 and leave so I can leave at 3:30. Never mind. You anybody else that they are it's nice to post a clocking your time. It's so nice and I'm a father entered doing the work. I'm not doing any work. I'm sitting on Facebook and Instagram and Twitter and laughing my head off until 9 o'clock when people come in and then I somehow do the work, you know, so we need to find a way where we understand people so that people can Be more productive for the organization if I need to nap, they should be napping rooms Silicon Valley wouldn't you love that on a beanbag? I would absolutely love it. So so so it's businesses need to change they need they honestly need to change to the current climate to the current type of people that are now working the current generation that is working. We are big on side hustles. So those those things me having a 95 Khan Hindi. Yeah. The site has multiple streams of income like I need to to also be understood and be able to to grow in that individual. Yeah, so we have a long way to go but we need to start walking doing the work. Yeah. No. No, we're talking now we must walk and and you know do something and then you know bit by bit and that's why I'm saying with with you in the space that we have with the resources that we have. It's possible with the network that we have is highly possible sure, and we that's how they moved away from the topic of men empowering about it. To write a book in her get here. They would like to write a book with me. The guy who pushed her when she started off working at what words why is that man show and readable. So there are men that do these things. They are mean that I will adjust meeting at more men on obviously and then and also maybe those men need to speak up on it so that it's not frowned upon by other men or Do Your Own Thing like if you guys are having go for having caused by yourself all the time. You know if if decisions are being made at the golf club, why can't we they at the golf club if that's where the decisions are very hundred percent. Yeah. Alright. So now I'm going to move on to the third question but actually see with touch to the Miller because I'm just going to read it in other nonetheless, but you can choose another one it says do you think men are deliberate about advancing women's rights in society or in the profession? I think we covered that. Yes. I think we have covered so I'm gonna You pick another question. All right. Okay. Do you think the justice system adequately protects the rights of women? If not, what do you think? The main reason for in adequacy or incompetency is again comes to me and I don't think it does adequately on paper. Yes implementation. We have some of the best rules exactly. We have the best laws. Cause if we're to present our paper to other countries, I promise you they'll be like South Africa's doing really well. It's the implementation. It's as again going back to understanding the type of people you are dealing with so if I've just been abused by a man, I must now go to the police station and report to another net. They needs to be told you to go home to fix your your problems because of His own grave because again, we must understand this as much as those people are putting those roles in a supposed to be working in his day job. They also operating their own background the operating from their own life experiences. So if you are and they operating from Mercedes hands are big has a exactly absolutely which isn't so dangerous, which is not where we are now. And so that person will give that advice like rather go Superstar. At home with your husband relax. It's just leave it. It's not it's a non-issue thing. That's the biggest form of betrayal from the system i7 getting What's the word I'm looking for and I don't think that he's also built on his woman. Exactly. And if I'm getting hindered from the first gate like at the first gate, yeah of the justice system. Like I can't even didn't let me at least get a foot in and they see that my mental is going to go to trial you are going to technicality even if the police station is the first gate and I can't even get through here at yeah, there's a lot of work needs to be done. I am I'm absolutely for that. That's why you end up seeing those things like Am I next because now we are getting louder and Boulder about we need help we need you guys to come and we not say yes, we same an attraction but we're not saying that we don't need your help. We saying that like dupa de as men we saying we are expressing our challenges were expressing our issues help us, you know, but that's also then you know is they enough training being done around men in for example, the police department is the is they even training in done and the person who oversees that if that's also a man the lives of people prioritize absolute it. So I think it it starts from there as well about. We also at the same time constant back and say hi. I'm in this mean days. We've heard a lot of stories of women going to report radio station. Is with being ridiculed. Yes with another woman not taking it seriously. So this is you come in too long. We've basically Queen it's one of those again, you know misconceptions of other women, they treated against other women. So it's almost like this is what she looked like it was going to head off. Now you're coming to waste these resources and you coming to a start time, you know, it's so funny - my my my grandma my paternal grandmother. God Rest her soul. So and I remember was I was masturbating 13 and I was real hot pants. And youkai said so I used to visit because I was raised in doing by my grandparents but did not visit during the school holidays and I was wearing hot pants and she was like, hey Bo go change you'll get Radars up. Excuse me a sec. No great. If Coco it was about me and how I'm dressed then why do they re people your age? Why do they rape? Babies, so it's not about how we dress or conduct ourselves. It's in him and and and instead thing and like without trying to be a dashing man. But instead thing we have said even when you see I don't know how our society is but men never have to wear the humiliation and embarrassment of anything ever. So you rape that the the victim ways the embarrassment and humiliation. You cheat your partner the woman ways and it comes from all sides from men and from women who so from woman, you are the cloud new, you know, men will continue to do these things because there is never having to move it. There's no accountability and they never actually have to weigh the embarrassment of the tray of the humiliation because even 90s were laughs ha ha ha, but we laughing at the woman and their situation, but it's never Said at the man, so here's even with this because they never have to wait on a any of those things and equally Angola and J because it's like I make my boys will be boys that know that who is Will Be Boys Will is now maybe they may you know, and and and it's those we think very small but it's those big things and then and that background and that teaching when now Nami and at my age I'm and learning so many. New things and learning the way I was raised and learning how a woman should be because I'm like when we are operating in a completely different environment from our parents. This isn't things that happened and I'm like, I can't even explain this to my grandmother shouldn't be like, hey Gabby it retains about engineering and I'm just like it's difficult. So it's nice to speak to other women and being conversation with women who are going through the same thing with you and You finding your feet together because our older generation and for she doesn't understand this time doesn't understand DM's and PornHub and you know all of those things and you know, like I speak to my granny's today and she she's doing it. She's a psychologist by profession and she's doing a research paper that she's gonna be presenting soon way talks about The how boys are raised that makes them? I mean sexually, I mean that makes it okay and if they end up being rapists and sexual harassment abuse amuses and all that thing and it's like she's like one it's just so emotionally taxing music it starts even as early as 10 years old with someone is watching porn. And you know, I mean I've watched porn and it's always like aggressive. Yeah, you know, and the man is like the authority And it's aggressive and it's like I'm not gonna you can't cause I was just like how can the internet the internet must be shut down as I can grant that's not gonna happen. So let's find need to find a way where we protect children from seeing those things. But again technology is 20,000 steps. I hate. Yeah, and the law is so back when and by the I'm it even gets there this these boys are growing in being born every single day anyway, and without making it about an environment in the background. She which does play a big role. You know, she was she was she she was saying to me she's so she's part of Forms and Publications and she's like these lawyers keep saying reasonable child to reasonable child. Why are they not considering a reasonable whites child and reasonable black child because a reasonable child 12 year old from active salute and a reasonable toffee old from panting completely different completely is so true and and and when actually issue a covid meeting anybody actually like anyone anyone who was raised and is and continues to be in a rural environment is always going to be different with us and who lives in you know, an urban environment exactly and we taking it back to the question that so our justice system fails Us in that in considering those different A diversity of our breadcrumbs what we do. Exactly because it's even worse when you think about it the rehabilitation. Yes. I'm give your head permeability dated and it's great to even see those shows that show the repellent the rehab and but it's easy to be rehabilitated with Resources with resources. Absolutely. But then again the corner white people they child goes into cocaine. Oh drugs, they take them and they put them in a resort where they're going to be right Tina always win your but how do you rehabilitate younger boy? And where do you start even if he goes Go to jail. He's coming back into that very system that got him there. So it's very difficult. It would be it would like I said Rehabilitation goes to resources. It would be easier to take somebody who's been in prison, but when you rehabilitate him put him in a better position than the one that got him there exact. So if you are from the rule from the township and you get arrested because of petty crime, yeah a strawberry blah blah blah blah when you go back into the system that poverty still waiting for you. Yeah poverty is the waiting for you and you find that for life was better than prison. Going to another pity come to get back into prison. Yeah. Yeah this question. I think we have also touched on it. It's almost a pig. What are the challenges you face as a black woman in the legal profession? Not being represented not I don't know how to put it. So I'm big on representation because I feel that. You know if you're not exposed to something, so that's why with initiatives that we do in we do it because we want to expose young girls to Opportunities and a different life from what they are currently camera constantly being exposed to right and if you are exposed to something then you know is possibly you can do better then you can do better and it's attainable bright. So with with we I can't think Of why moving from the top of my head where I'm like she did law and she's not sitting exactly where I want to be in terms of being a CEO of a multinational or not even Lucy our chief legal officer. That is my dream title. She suit, yeah, you know, so so so even with with with with with my partner because he's just like you haven't been working. I mean this this nine to five that you want maybe God is trying to direct your different way to start your own. You start your own consultation. I was just like I need got to be a little more louder than what he's doing right now because my passion right now is and my plan has been I will be a big player and corporate layer. I will be a cop transformation needing transformation in corporate how I and I need to be incorporated to do that. The profession needs that is fueled by me being corporate. I need to be in corporate being an intrapreneur. I can be interpreted. Here in the Centre ped initiative here in any other English the profession Easter, but in terms of legal, this is the route that I would like. This is the plan that I have for. This is exactly what I said. I said what once you're fearless and committed and intentional about what you want. You really want to settle for the sake of having something and it goes back to us saying we done doing the talking you have to do the work in corporate you have to make young girls, you know, like like Susie said, yeah see themselves in you find say that that Chief legal, you know office that is blend is not like meaningless and I can make it there absolutely nothing as beautiful as I mean with with the benefits of social media somebody, you know, how many people send me messages from our first event that we did with the they've been watching me for years from 2010 people like we've been I've been watching you since Eating and to see you here, you know when you can almost have a report that you know, what you've been working you being at endless and I mean, you don't see them exactly people see the Absolute Energy like you second-guess yourself and go and your post you said that exactly and you do get that message that you like. Okay, so I am still on the right track exactly Shing for you know, that little girl from yeah who really believes in here every disease versus a piece of her in me. Really pushing so and and and it's the educating in that and and one of the other things that is like not everybody is going to be a celebrity not everybody is going to wake up and he's not saying that they don't work but they've got the talent and you know, I was listening to something about gifts with you can't learn the gift. You can only improve yourself in a little but the gift must be there in and then you work on what is already there. Nick so I'm talking about whether you are rap how your presenter you an actress you're working on a gift that you have but it's not some A Gifted with it can't be learned. It can't and what is then for the and average African black girl, you're at school already for 12 years. What's another four years during a degree? What's another three years? What's another you're doing a diploma? Cause just getting yourself out there and equipping yourself with the knowledge for what you want. You know, I spoke to you offline about how we need to now be Actual activists and not Twitter activist where we need but what does that require it requires us to do the research it requires to as to ask who's calling. These are the stats of of the current stats for black women because when we go present and fight those those things we need to be like it's not us we are not making this up. This is the research I know this because I researched and I know this because I've worked on it so long that and I I'm now able to advocate for it and speak with authority on it. Yeah. Yeah, I don't you think thank you so much for that Aradia now, I'd like to think about how would I don't sleep for three days. He's forgetting I love my group but there's so many things are happening. Got it. That is the starting know. My starting point was my thank you to my mama's house. Like listen, thank you were overwhelmed it was beautiful but that we're not we're not done and I am you know, if you have capacity and I don't have the words for it. I'm speaking out of frustration that we can't cut like, I mean, this girl's to shit stories. They that were unbelievable that these things are happening in Trinity 2020. And you like no man, it can't be it. We can't just be the future as finger. No. No, it's too fat. The future is too far today evening president is female. Yeah, that's what we need to do it live it immerse yourself in it. That's that's why my I will not change that water for the longest time because everything around when everything I do is is about how pretty it is. Yeah, and you know, and I think it stems from what see I had the privilege. Growing in two different ways. So raised by my grandparents in Dubin. I mean they've done well for themselves. I mean, you know lash life, you know, and then every holiday going to visit and you can sail away the people I grew up with every time I'm from high school. I'm coming back someone's pregnant, you know, and now kanade responding to what's around them responding to the environment. So I almost had like, you know, No a bloop. I don't know if it's a blueprint but you had like you choose what life you want. You've been exposed to this and you've been exposed to that which way which way do you go and and without taking too long? I just want to make one example, I remember even as over time where with it. So we were both given with a cousin of mine with both given the same opportunity and would visit. Yeah, we'd visit and then she got pregnant and they were just like, okay. Well, you know, you can't Has this benefit because you've chosen this for yourself, you know, but you also just have to be deliberate about like now that you are pregnant. You still have a rooted issues. As I said, what are you going to do carry on, you know rehabilitating if I can see your life or are you just going to say I give up I'm trying I think you know, there's a quote that says you always one decision away from um, what is it? Yeah from your next move or something. Yeah. I think you owe ya one decision away from a new company like a completely different guy every single day every single decision. You make a decision away from a completely different, you know, even like so I had to wake up early with my partner to go shopping for the April by Health has five and I'm like My Radars even in the cuz I'm actually being up at 5:00 is not that bad. It's not like when I was learning better Mac. Oh my God, Khloe, but nowadays you did to do so much daily XP for 10 a.m. Absolutely hours before the hustle and bustle exactly and I'm like rate is so high I pride myself in that. I can't sleep earlier than trading, but I was like also that's unhealthy. You can't be doing that because now you go back to work and you've got a job. You can't be sleeping at 2 a.m. So you need to change and now I need to actively Change my habits while I'm in the job had to so I need to fit you once you are in the job. So yeah, and also I take that job it's little to be attracted if I'm waking up at nine o'clock you do it. Yeah. So now moving on the side of our conversation he can talk be in a diff. It's been a difficult transition. I'm gonna get you to choose one funny question that I'm going to ask you and then you have to be honest. And you'll feel good to be singing. No. No, that's boring. Can you just another one? Okay, shouldn't be in this cap. I want to read it. It says how do you keep your ego in check when you have your provisional cape on that's not funny. So wait another that's a serious topic areas. Yeah figured out that sorry about that. What still surprises you most about people like where you like ha can do a sauce what surprises me most of our people? Okay, sometimes you get home in bed you like with your partner. Can you believe it man, man? How incredibly lazy people have become your there is a real thing though. It is such a real thing. People are crazy to even read a caption. That's three three three three words and then they'll comment and ask you something you've addressed in your caption. Yeah, you're right. It happens all the time on the sustainable platform. This is a he it's a legal and I change occasional platform. You cannot possibly ask me a question that's in the caption because now it says you just picked up what you want to do. So sometimes I didn't know you've written an insect food and I respond sometimes I'm just like I read the question. I'm like, this is incredible. How did I not eat just giving you the information on his sofa bed time information? That you would have ideally consulted him and then you decide you make the decision not to read but you're going to ask so can I claim maintenance retrospectively? I promise you the last line of my caption says kids so you're right. Yeah, but you know, I even had to check myself yesterday. I was chatting to someone and I ask them something that I could have simply just Googled and I was like, oh, I don't think I even I did I delete you know his IQ as and she's like I read that I'm like No, I take it back because I realize how incredibly lazy a lesbian. Yeah also, but that's that's that's you know, that's the downside or whatever of technology sometimes. It's just made us incredibly easy. Unfortunately certain information used to love to do the work. You still have to absolutely you have to apply yourself. We get it to our platform as well where people you know, ask them. Most ridiculous things and you just like I don't believe there's no such thing as a stupid question this in your head you you must love you have to respond and I think that is and I don't know how we we that's why I'm so we still need our elders. We still need the Back to Basics where some of the things you know that we were raised, you know, tututut to work hard and do stuff for yourself is something that mean Without generation guys is that we lazy we lazy to read one word three words is too much you're asking for too much for people. I think even you know, there's even a thing where they said trailers because of where we are now trailers have trailers. So, you know how you would watch a trailer before the community to know that That's incredible. Wow. So that's the thing. That's still surprised. You most about people guys. If you're listening, please stop being lazy like like there is a message from original sin, but then it just becomes a reflection of who you are as well because I generally think that I'm not a difficult person to find yes if I'm capable. Are you still decide to spell my Sunni more my name incorrectly with all this information is on Twitter my name on Instagram. I only my window is my completely to leave out the i in my name or the Asian my son in like how do you do that extra long and it's even things like There's a headline nice people read the headline who doesn't believe a commentary is say but they haven't even read the entire article to understand this topic based they paragraph or tweet or they thread on a headline. And at most the headline is not even the story exactly. It's supposed to grab your attention. Sure Aurelia. I cannot thank you enough for your invaluable contribution to you know, the Low platform as a whole actually since day one. You've been there finding it pushing it forward and I've it's not it's not something that is only, you know a benefit to sustain local to do that to a lot of women do circles the women engage with on a daily basis you are actively and you know, you are actively deliberate about empowering women. Yeah actively deliberate and intentional about lifting as your eyes and that is invaluable. I cannot wait to see the work that you're going to do with the Professions the platform. I cannot wait to say. Hey, I know this girl in real life. She's now, you know legal senior legal what you say Chief so To this and we're going to have a growth it's going to be great to have a party because of the amount of work. I'm still to do with you you meant to say, thank you so much for your time. Thank you for tuning in. Your feedback is important to me. Please do get in touch with me on advice at sister-in-law dot Co dot Z 8 that's a DV icce ex-sister-in-law that Co dot CA you can email your suggestions regarding questions. You'd like to hear me. Ask my next guest or you can even suggest the next guest any female in a black female who is in the profession who you'd like to be profiled on the next episode. I would really like to hear from you regarding that you can also Read up on our latest articles on www, stay in rho dot 0 dot set a on our blog you'll find various articles pertaining to child maintenance the importance of having a world how to plan for a divorce and so forth. If you haven't already purchased tickets to the I am Lady Justice Workshop you can do so on www.clickincomputer.com CEO. Does it ate the workshops will be hosted in Durban Cape Town Johannesburg, rustenburg and Pretoria subscribe to my my YouTube channel under my name that's developments funny T. EB e WL o mot shw A in E and there I've discussed various legal issues as well. You definitely want to watch those in educate yourself because an educated woman is a powerful woman. Thank you to the consistent love shown to the sustained or platform. I am because of you until next time. Bye.