Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for? You about the show. Nothing's going to change about the way we create the feminist survival project or about the way it is brought to you. It just means you're going to be connected to more shows to enjoy more things to make you feel good more things to help you survive 2020. You can find new shows to add to your podcast subscriptions at Frolic dot media / podcast. Well here comes thunder thunder wants to say hi, but I want to subscribe to new podcasts. So from now on you're going to hear an introduction. On our podcast that's about hey, we remember the podcast Network and at the end of you're going to hear another it were part of the Frog podcast Network and that's all that's going to change about it and to hopefully it's a way for us to connect with more audience members and for you the audience to connect with new podcasts that will make your life easier to survive in the shit show. That is 20/20. Thanks. Hello and welcome to another episode of the feminist survival project. This is a podcast for feminists who feel overwhelmed and exhausted by everything they have to do and still worried that they're not doing enough bearing in mind that for us a feminist is anyone who believes that being a woman is neither a moral failing nor medical condition. We hear the feminist survival project basically, look at the shit show that is 20/20 at three different levels. There's the actual injury that is Getting inflicted on you like the knife that is being stabbed, you know in metaphorically into your metaphorical body the actual cause of the injury. Yeah, then there's so we need to remove that. Yep. Today's podcast is mostly not about that. Yeah, you're you're working on that you're working on making the world a better place. That's why you're so overwhelmed and exhausted. You are worried like onward achieving the medical metaphorical knife from the cultural body. Yeah, not a real Constitution. And so once we remove that or even as we remove that then there's healing healing is what we talked about the most which is like your immune system naturally reacting to the wound and sending the white blood cells and all the inflammatory responses and all the external infrastructure like the cast that you put on a broken leg and the Band-Aid that you put over an open wound than the Loving and supportive people who surround you and help you that's all stuff that actually actively heals you and a lot of like so completing the stress response cycle is actually healing bubble of Love is actual healing. Yep. Even I would say the monitor is about actually know the monitor is really about getting the knife out. So most of the things we talked about are actual healing rest actual healing. Yes, not only is rest actual healing. It's part of the process of extracting the the knife from the metaphorical cultural body. Yes, it is itself the revolution. So rest all these things are actual healing and then the third level is pain management or kind of numbing took a couple of ibuprofen or two aspirin and call me in the morning. You know, what sometimes reducing the pain is the way your brain gets access to sleep and sleep as the way your brain gets access to Healing. Yeah. It's exhausting to be in pain all the time. It's it induces the pain itself is a source or dress. Yeah, and when you're experiencing stress you all of your immune functions are diminished. So you need to reduce the pain in order to allow healing to happen or at least for it to happen more efficiently and we are not here for the puritanical narrative that suffering is inherently virtuous. Yeah, it is not true. Nope, that suffering makes you a better person but not taking pain management substances or taking steps to To numb pain is somehow morally Superior, right? If you can tolerate more pain, you're a better person. Yeah, if no that is not true. That is not at all true. We are it's important for the healing process that sometimes you stop and take a break. Sometimes it is too intense for too long. And if you keep trying to like stay in a state where the pain is as accurate as it is, then like bad shit happens So today, we're going to talk about emotional ibuprofen. Yeah. We're going to talk about numbing. Mmm. Because it's turns out it can be good for you. Yeah, so technically speaking what we're going to be describing our maladaptive strategies for managing negative effect. So maladaptive strategies, these are so adaptive strategies are ones that help and bring very low risk of unintended unwanted consequences maladaptive strategies are ones that may work in the short term but bring an increased risk of unwanted consequences. Yeah, which is why you don't use them in long-term long-term and short-term coping bridging gotta do what you gotta do survival. Yes. So technically these are maladaptive good. There's only two adaptive coping strategies positive reappraisal and planful problem solving and we have talked about those in the past. We have talked we have episodes on both of those things. So here come all the rest of them and we're going to be talking about specific maladaptive strategies. Yeah. No, um, specifically let us start with food. Food is very soothing it literally is there's research on this and it simply is true. It's called comfort food. It literally is comforting and it people's perception of pain after they have eaten high-carbohydrate kind of treats. Their perception of pain really is lower. Yes, physical and emotional. Yes. It's I know Tina Fey got a lot of shit for her she caking. Yeah, but uh, that's real. It's real. It's evidence-based. Yeah, it doesn't work long-term. It's not good for you long term. But as a way to cope right here right now and experience a little bit less pain so that you can get through and do what you got to do for the next 24 hours. She cake. Yeah, so that's one totally go for it. If it's going to help you get through. I want to share my favorite high carb high sugar soothing thing and that is Ben and Jerry's americone dream because it's Stephen Colbert. It's sort of rethinking like what it is to be American and it's a high-fat high-sugar very soothing. Would it doesn't have a little bit of salty pretzel in the hospital this like am like the ice cream cone in it. Yeah, so it has a kind of crunchy Savory mean, you know to savouries ice cream can be while still being a huge sugar bomb. But yeah, it's it's not only the food itself, but the fact that it's Stephen Colbert and yeah and the sort of revisiting american-ness Okay. Yeah that very food food was the first one was the first one second one alcohol people have been drinking alcohol since the beginning of recorded time. Yeah, because it works. Yeah initially it was it was safer than water because the alcohol killed whatever Journeys were living in the water that is no longer the case most of us have access to potable water water. That's safer than beer, right? And alcohol. The first thing it does in low doses is to reduce noisy chatter anxiety prefrontal cortex. Yep stuff in your brain. Yeah. So when we talk about alcohol, I'm really talking about like two drinks over the course of the standard party line as a college Health educator for a long time. The standard party line is one drinking our is a good place to start at of course for some people that's going to be way too fast for other people. They're not even going to feel a Wandering eye or but on average. That's a good starting Place women really do have a slower alcohol metabolism probably because they're smaller partly because they have less water in their bodies partly because they have less of the enzyme in their stomachs that breaks down the alcohol. So it is not the case that women can drink at the same Pace as men for actual buddy reasons. Yeah, so drink it a pace feels right for you and the CDC recommendations are one drink a day for women two drinks a day for men for Those reasons and I drink more than that. Yeah, mostly that has been since the 2016 election. Oh, yeah, and it works yet helps it. Yeah temporarily. Yeah. It's just a temporary numbing. It doesn't actually like make the world a better place. It doesn't facilitate healing but like on the days when the news is bad. Yeah, it just like lowers the Volume on the noise. It makes it possible for me to like go about my evening. Yeah in a way that I can like let go I feel like this is a good time to talk about when you know that you're numbing behavior is dangerous as opposed to just short-term coping. Yeah. She caking is not dangerous in any immediate way. It's not good for you in the long term, but it's really hard to eat so much. She cake that it'll poison you whereas alcohol you can drink enough that I will kill you today. Yeah. Yeah, you could do that today. So Flags red flags people should be looking for to know if they're drinking is dangerous for yeah, just a short-term their strategy. If you have a family history of alcohol or other substance abuse, that's a sign that you need to be real cautious in your relationship with alcohol. If you find yourself having more than four drinks in one sitting more than once in the last month, that's a flag. Like if there's been any time in the last month that you've had. A six-pack all in one sitting that's that's a red flag. And if you find yourself craving alcohol not just be like, oh wouldn't it be great to have a glass of wine tonight without dinner. Yeah, but like I'm not just like I need a drink. Yeah who needs as if your body is like especially if this craving comes before like 6 p.m. Yeah, if your body is craving alcohol, that's another one of the red flags. Those are the three big ones and alcohol educator that I Ask people about in order to get a sense of what their risk level was. Yeah signs that you're drinking too much. If you black out if you have memory loss of any kind blackout or brownout that's that's basically brain damage. Yeah, and you want to you that's a sign that you are drinking too much throwing up from alcohol definitely means that you had too much alcohol hangovers. There's actually a lot of ways to manage hangovers. Mostly the cause of hangovers is the dehydration of the alcohol and the way that alcohol disrupts your sleep one of The reasons why we limit, even our recommendations for maladaptive coping strategy of alcohol is because it does screw up the second half of your night's sleep. Yes. So part of the reason you feel so crappy. The next day is because your sleep was really so you might like wake up too early and not be able to get back to sleep or like a keep waking up over and over again rest is much more important than any short-term coping strategy. Yeah. So so if you're drinking coping strategy interrupt your sleep not worth it not even close. Yeah. So if you find that even a low dose Alcohol couple of drinks screws up your sleep. We're going to suggest our next strategy, which is marijuana. Yeah, the legality of course is going to depend on where you are. We live in a state where it is legal. Yes, it is still illegal at the federal level. So if the fence come to my house, for example, I have illegal substances at the according to state law. I'm sorry according to federal law according to state law. I have a I have a legal amount in my house. I grew my own as soon as it became legal in Massachusetts. I I bought some seeds and I grew some plants in my house and then I transplanted them to my yard and I learned a lot about cultivating plants. I learned a lot about how to grow the plants so that they'll produce a certain type of effect like basically the longer they ripen on the vine the less heady High you get from them the more relaxed chill anti-anxiety sleep-inducing they become so I grew and bread my own marijuana specifically for the sleep-inducing anti-anxiety. Effects I over ripened my marijuana and then I cured it and I darted and I use it for sleep. It's fantastic. Yeah, there's always caveats necessary for these kinds of things. These are not controlled substances and the level of intoxicating chemicals in the marijuana that's available now. Yeah is vastly higher than it was even 10 years ago like fastly like and that's happening at a genetic level of the seeds. The seeds are now a plant that reduce much higher concentrations of the psychoactive. So there is no evidence-based recommendation we can make because never before have our brains been exposed to this intensity of THC CBD all this time and even if you go to a dispensary who are licensed to guide you to a particular plan, they don't know they don't know there is no they're doing their best but they don't know like pharmaceutical companies make a pill that's really consistent. They can say this dose does this because they've been able to test it in that regular way. Marijuana is a plant literally every plant is different every Bud on the plant is slightly different. So every time you take another dose of something it's coming to be difficult to be different. So it definitely approach it cautiously with curiosity and experimentation and gradually and gradually, but you are when you use marijuana you are your own science experiment. Yeah, so treat yourself as if you would treat a lab rat very nicely very gently. Yeah, like it's if it were she caking it would be like baking your own sheet cake with new ingredients that you're not a hundred percent. Sure. Yeah in an oven that you're not quite sure how it works. Yeah. Yeah, so but marijuana is a great maladaptive strategy for managing negative effects that stress depression anxiety loneliness and repressed rage. We've all got Yeah, it says dangerous than alcohol in terms of yeah, there's no amount of marijuana. You can consume little cuddly today today. Yeah, when I was working on college campuses people would ask me know but which is better which is safer and they were challenging me sort of in a sarcastic way because like as if there's a controversy yeah, and marijuana is not and was like a time. Yeah, so and this is going to choose on. Yeah marijuana for sure. Yeah. Just don't leave your house. Yeah. Yeah, which if you're going to be intoxicated at all on anything, she's only the house just be be polite to get a friend's house. And yeah, don't don't get on the road. Don't ya don't be on a subway? Yeah, no trains. Yeah. Okay. We talked about three. Mmm. Should we talk about entertaining distractions? Yeah, so there's mind-numbing TV or audio books or just reading diving into a novel and spending three hours. I was reading and not accomplishing anything else that kind of Escapist entertainment. Totally doesn't do anything good for you in terms of making your life better or solving the problems in your life. But man it feels great. It does not have high side effects or really any risks or dangers to them, but it is a cost in terms of time that you might feel like you ought quote-unquote ought to be spending doing Something that makes the world a better place or like making cupcakes. I don't know something like reading. I really feel like that's rest. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like people have guilt about it because it isn't it's something they do. Well I guess so it rests is something to do for themselves, but I know Malin doesn't like it if I'm like sitting reading a book and like not paying attention to him. He feels like I'm like escaping our relationship and our real interacting. Okay feels like nothing to make and I definitely I definitely use audio books for nothing. Oh, yeah. I definitely use audio books for coming. YouTube I use YouTube for numbing I listened to Pride and Prejudice three times in a row on my last trip. Yeah, like with planes and in cars and on a loop. Yep, just just listening to Pride and Prejudice. Am I familiar with the story already? Yeah. Yeah. That's the point. Yeah, it's Amelia Fox narrating. Nice. Yeah, it's just like yeah. Oh Jane Austen really really good. So numbing media and entertainment something. Earlier and comfortable. Yeah that just I had a student many years ago for whom Lord of the Rings. Oh, yeah. She wanted to be like no, it's helping me complete the cycle know that know what she was doing was like putting the DVD on and lying in bed staring at the screen and having a just just everything inside her head went quiet. Yeah, she could like stare at the screen and watch these things happen. Yeah. She was not like emotionally engaged with the story right? She was just like letting it distract her when you're emotionally active. To have discussions and evidence-based Intervention when you're when you're engaged emotionally the story and it really does lead you through an emotional experience then yes, it can help you complete the cycle. But if your textual healing standing or sitting and staring and letting the movie happened to your face, yeah, but not really engaging if I'm numbing listening to Pride and Prejudice as an example while I'm packing my stuff to leave my hotel. In this case. I was doing that because I was feeling anxious for a variety of reasons and the audiobook just like turned down the volume on the anxiety. Yeah, it just made it more comfortable. Yeah to have that noise in my head watching Claire savitz figure out how to make Twinkie as oh, yeah everyone Appetit I do that's really really soothing very yeah. She goes on an emotional Journey, but I just I don't go with her Uncle with because there's no Stakes. There's no steaks at all that it's so great. Just doesn't matter if she's sick. These are not. Yeah, it's a beautiful thing. Yeah, and you know, you just like when you get to know the characters in a YouTube channel, yeah, you just want to go like visit with those people. Yeah. I know that there are people who listen to this podcast because they just want to go visit with us and we just want to visit with you. We are here for that. Yeah. We are making a podcast about numbing. Yeah, and we really hope that for at least some people just the Babel. Voice experience of listening to us is itself numbing up the fur at least some people informative your education giving information and also permission permission. This is very much a permission podcast of like you are allowed to numb sometimes. Yeah, you do not have to be a fucking hero and like yeah suffer and struggle and always be no in pain. No, no healing goes faster when you can um it sometimes ya think about a child or a pet that you have like Your pet had an injury and was like limping and in terrible pain wouldn't you be in favor of managing the pain of your pet to promote failure child? Yeah, just to like help get them through so they could fall asleep. Yes. Definitely. Yes want that? Yeah, not long term. This is not a solution for how to deal with life forever. But it's a yeah temporary if you had a particularly shitty day like there are times when you just need to numb should we talk about Like how to make a decision about whether or not now is the time to like be numbing. Yeah, let's do that. I was going to say no, let's not let's not do that. No, I will tell you why I was going to say let's not do that. It's because the ultimate answer is your body will tell you. Yeah, your body will tell you. Yeah, but people struggle with that answer. No, I need a guideline. I think we made an episode about how to listen to your body. Do we do that? No, we did not know we haven't done that. We will do that in the future. We'll make a how to listen to your body. Right, but the answer is your Knows when you are over your threshold and it will tell you people like Amelia ignore what their body is telling them and they just continued in pain not even aware not even aware how much pain they're in. Oh, yeah, we've all had the experience of becoming injured in some way. You know, you get a paper cut or you pull a muscle and you don't even notice it until there's blood on your finger and you're like how that got there and then you're like now it takes over your whole life and you can't do this my hands all you can rehabbing no, yes, but in the moment you didn't even notice there is a lot of science about this. If you are interested in science in the science of it. I recommend the explain pain book explains supercharged is the clinical guide to adapting explain like pain the science of pain perception. Yeah, but the short version is that your brain can only process so much information at a time. Yeah, and if you are stressed out your entire Nervous system is very active and crowded and busy and the signal from your pain can't get its voice heard over the signal from all the stress you're experiencing when your stress goes away. The pain is suddenly like Swamp Thing and overwhelming. So for example, if you finish a big project and immediately afterward, you have the flu. Yeah. It is not that you were all of a sudden infected with the flu say it's the flu. The project was like taking up all the space. In your central nervous system when that project goes away your immune system, which has been trying to get its voice heard forever. It's finally like I was trying to tell you to go to bed now go to bed and it will just like wacky down and if the suffering you're experiencing is existential pain, that's psychological that you didn't because it's 2020 right which it is because it's 2020. I'm in that pain literally and it's ho all the time. Yeah, and then the world is telling you that you should be you should be fighting back. Back and you shouldn't be letting it get you down. You should stay positive and then you kind of also feel ashamed of having that pain or you deny having that pain. It becomes much more complicated to listen to the pain and see what it needs from you. Yeah, we're going to have to do an episode on how to listen to your body. Yeah, let's do that right now. Let's just focus on ways. We know for sure are effective at numbing another entertainment strategy is ye oldie retail shop e-therapy. Hmm. Does it work? Yes it sure. Or terms in the short term it gives you that tiny little like soothing and not just even the buying of things but the shopping for thing. Yeah, the Hunts the pursuit the focused. Yes decision making as if like, there's really any Stakes involved in which which yeah nonstick frying pan, right or breakfast cereal or packing Cube or toothpaste like shopping itself would like it. So some things to keep in mind. Can you afford it? Right? Are you impacting the environment in a way that you're like, you're just filling your house with stuff that is never going to go away. So go ahead in the same way that we offer caveats for the use of any substance are caveats for retail. Therapy are about your budget and about the impact of consumption itself. Yeah. I mean in the same way that you don't want to drink so much alcohol that it'll kill you right away. You don't want to go with retail therapy so much that it ends up being detrimental to yourself or to the environment. Yeah. Yeah, but does it work? Yes, it does. It's true. I actually was talking to a psychiatrist several years ago when I was taking already the maximum dose of the antidepressant I was on and he's like well, so do you know what else works and I said shopping and he said yep, she happen works for women. So I don't know if that's just us. Where were you shopping for them? Literally anything and I didn't even need to buy anything. I would just go. On Amazon and just look at fun things. Yeah, Hedgehog shape staplers. Yeah and robot shaped used to drive time watching bag tours on us phone onto bag tours on YouTube. Yes, like show me all the pockets. Yes. Yes, but what fits in the pocket, let's see what other containers can I put inside that container and then show me the pockets in that container. Yeah. Yeah. No, but I also think of grocery shopping for me sometimes works that way sometimes I use it as like rest of mindfully think about my food blah blah blah, but sometimes I just go in the store and walk up and down every aisle and just buy whatever. I'm just looking I pick up the thing that I want yet and that when I'm grocery shopping I can justify it because I have to buy food. Anyway. Yeah, I have to spend that time so I can use it as mindful rest, or I can use it as retail therapy. I Like it is actually productive for me to spend an hour in a day. Yes, making a decision about what pair of shoes I want to add to my travel wardrobe like and it really doesn't make that much of a difference whether I buy these medals are those Meryl's yeah like that just there's nothing at stake, but I find it in normally I'd like I feel like I'm doing something to make my life better when I shop for like which shoes and I read the reviews of the shoes and I watch all the you Tube videos about the shoes. Yeah, it's so soothing. Yeah, and then our third tip is if we're going to call this a form of entertainment. It's a thing that you do. Okay as opposed to a substance you consume and what we're talking about here is Premier rustic cleaning. Yeah, maladaptive coping behavior number six, I guess ish for cut for class Progressive cleaning. Yeah. I also for me it's also for crass to painting I painted. Most of my house this year I started with the kitchen and then I did the hallway and now I'm painting my living room and I'm doing this instead of facing the world and it's the thing is you're accomplishing something. I am it's a thing that I had to do. Anyway, it makes my house better. It's not bad for me or for the world. It's even a thing. I would have to do at some point regardless like procrastinating. It's something you have to do, but it's the choice to do it instead of Of the thing that you know, you ought to be doing but hey, it's I don't I don't want to say yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So at the end of the semester, I'm scrubbing down the kitchen mopping and semesters of very common time and and my husband says You must have papers to grade. That's correct. The mob is out. There are papers to grade. That's the only time my mom keeps supposed to be doing something else when I have a deadline. For something else. That's when I mop hmm. And so we are advocates for default mode taking breaks from doing work because when you take a break your brain has a chance to go into the default mode and run in the background and solve problems for you without your being there. But then there's if you do not then go back to the thing. You should be working on you likes it you like you do the procrastinate cleaning and then you're like, all right. I'm gonna like buckle down you get back in front of whatever you need to be. Be doing and you bounce right back up and go clean something else. Yep. That's anxiety driven for crafts to cleaning. Yep, and we're going to go ahead and say some days you need to Numb by cleaning. Yeah, that's you do you? Yeah, you want to iron all your panties? That's probably not good. Hey, let's have some panties because of the panties and blue temperature doesn't matter. Okay does not matter. Yeah, you gotta do what you gotta do. These are maladaptive coping strategies. We acknowledge that these are not things that we want to do long-term. But let's just recognize that the reason people do these things is because they work. Yes, they soothe a number pain work and like taking opioids after a surgery. Sometimes you just Got to manage the pain managing. The pain is part of the healing you have permission. Let your body tell you when it's getting to be over your capacity to cope and take this is like taking a break but it's taking a break from the specific suffering of 2020. Yeah, like you have to escape. So those are six maladaptive coping strategies numbing. Geez along with as much permission as we can give you to go ahead and numb the pain because the pain is real and the pain is is worth taking some effort to man. The pain is exhausting and it is making it harder for you to survive. Yes the shit show. Yes you continuing to be in constant pain is not going to make it less of a shit show and it's not going to be help you heal and it's not going to help you get back into the fight and help make the shit show. And because of course everybody's going to need caveat. Yeah, but yeah, but if so, look at your relationship with whatever you're numbing strategy is entertainment alcohol, whatever it is, if you find that you cannot do daily life things without it like you can't leave your house without having a drink that's that's a problem. Not a great sign red flag, maybe get some help if you are not if it's interfere if you can't do the The stuff you need to get done and you just lie in bed and watched its Creek over and over and over. It's interfering with your tasks of daily living right and that's a sign that you need more help. So the ultimate check on your numbing strategies is is it in are you doing it instead of living your life? Yeah, let it be a part of living your life. Yeah, and if your life is such that it causes too much. In just numbing your pain is obviously not going to be enough. You need to change things about your life. Yeah, complete some stress response Cycles need to complete some stress response Cycles. You need to manage the monitor your deal rest. Yeah, so and thus listen to all the rest of the podcasts that we have created which do things that are adaptive coping strategy. Yeah, but also then listening to our podcast can be what you do to numb. Yeah. We would love to be that for you totally under percent really enjoy the idea. Yeah that people are just like I To go disappear into this to the basket wins women babbling about whatever that's totally about coping with this shit show. Yeah. Oh it does make me feel better that we make it. Yeah, which is that's the main thing as far as I'm concerned. Yeah. He's an Omega R. Is it healing it's healing this is this is not just not miss is active. Yeah. Okay, and it's productive soap. I am currently for class to procrastinate painting my Living room and it's taking another coat of paint. I thought it would maybe take two maybe three and I definitely am gonna have to do for goddamn motherfucking coats of paint and I tend to get obsessed with things and fixated on things and I got up this morning and started painting again and but the fact that I am here recording the thing I had to come to Emily's house to record the thing you disengaged. I left my house, which is good for you, which is good for me to do a thing. That is actively good for me and is good for the world as I'm capable of contributing. So my per class per crap. I don't know why I can't say procrastinate painting is not interfering with my life too much and I do need to pay my living room. There are three colors of paint that room the walls are gray. The train is way and the shelves are almond let's definitely talk in detail about the paint colors in your house. I'm just I'm just reducing the number of colors. It's in the room, which will be very soothing long-term. If I'm not looking at three different colors. Okay, you don't put any of that in you should so let us know. What is your numbing strategy. How do you know whether your relationship with your numbing strategy as healthy or not? Yeah, have we helped give you permission to use your numbing strategy. Do you have people who numbing shame you in your life you definitely do. I definitely do do you? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so we want to hear you can send us an email and you can follow us on the Instagrams and the tweeters at fsp 2020 and new murmur here. Brian is caring. All righty. Thanks for listening. The feminist survival project 2020 is a part of the Frolic podcast Network find more podcast. You'll love at Frolic dot media / podcasts just Not matter if she succeeds or not. Yeah, it's a beautiful thing.