My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they say, you know, I helped in my circumstances will be different by the summer and I think oh my Lord, you might not be here in the summer. You know, it's just that most people's feelings are just like yeah, I'm just going to Bumble along like this and my feelings are always. Oh my God, you might not be here tomorrow. What are you going to do today to make a difference? I think when you switch your mindset around like that. It can really really change things for you. I had a really big goal this year. I've slept with my sister who is battling cancer a very rare and aggressive cancer and I sat with her and I'm supposed to go and with the company on a free trip and I have achieved in April beginning of May to Sydney in Australia. And it's something that since I joined the company six years ago every year I have have been praying that the trip is to Australia and Please please please please please be Australia. Please be Australia every single time. They announced I'm sat there praying. That's Australia and it was Australia, but I find out that it was Australia on the day that I found out my sister had her own aggressive cancer. And so that kind of took the shine of that and then I moved from Lanzarote back to Wales. I just got on a plane and never return just sent my husband to pack up our home in Lanzarote so I could you know be a support to my sister and my family. And the rest is history, I guess twelve months later pretty much nearly and here I am but when I sat with my sister a few months ago, and she was having a tough she did okay with a few first few chemo rinds, and then she was on a tough time. So I said to her listen, I would really love to take you to Sydney. I'm not sure that because I get a plus one for free. So I said I'm not sure if you're going to be up to it and she started crying and she said Sydney's on my bucket list and so of course, then she starts crying a bit more and says but I can't sit in a Kana me for that long, you know that being able to lie down. It's all I got to take a business class and aren't I and she's like, I'm so sorry. I was like it's fine. So I made a plan to I thought this is a great goal, you know, when you've got all that you've ever wanted and more and you find it hard to set goals, which I really really do. You know, you've got to find some that you can kind of attached to it. So I attach myself to that goal of okay, I'm going to bring in a grand in new business in a couple of months. And so I made my plan and I started executing it and then my sister said that just you know a week or so ago. She wouldn't be able to come and I just didn't feel right about it. You know, it's just something that I just think my family needs me at this time. It's a trip I know but there's going to be plenty more you can't get time back with your family. And so I I've decided not to go which is like a really really tough decision. But you know family first so my point being is that when you attach yourself to a goal, you know, okay, my goal hasn't accumulate a Kuwaiti materialized because of situations circumstances. However, that really drove me and it reminded me like, oh my gosh, that's what you've got to find you gotta find goals that you you really care about that you give a damn about that. You're gonna go to work. Work for and so I would encourage you at the beginning of this month to really think about what makes a difference. You know, tomorrow is not guaranteed. I don't care what anyone says so when you're saying, oh, I'll do it. When I have more time. I'll do it when you're never going to get more time time isn't a physical thing that somebody can hand you you're never going to get more time. So it's finding, you know, using the time that we have already more productively to achieve whatever it is that we want to achieve. I'd encourage you. To set a plan most people are just you know, flying by the seat of their pants and just winging their way through life through daily actions, you know, I go to work and come home. I do the kids t i put them to bed and if I can be bothered I'll do a little bit of this and I'll do a little bit that whatever that is. If you've got, you know a side business or network marketing business or whatever. You'll try try but it's got to be about what is important to you. What's going to get you to where you want to get to? You know, we put so much emphasis on you know, we go to work. We do our jobs. We get the job done to get paid at the end of the month, but that's not going to move us forward in life because that's where you are right now. That's what you're getting every month, you know, probably hardly without thinking about it and most people's cases because you are on that hamster wheel and then you got to think okay. What's going to get me to the goal that I really want? So if you want to exercise and Pines for Holiday, you're not going to get up from your job unless you can do overtime and last in your plan and that's great stuff. But you know, what else is there that's going to Get you that bit of extra money. So if it's in your business, then that becomes a priority it should become a priority. And so there has to be a plan for it. Now. I went to Scotland on the weekend and I showed everybody how I plan. I like the retail side of my business most people have a retail sides and then they have a business build inside of their business the bit that I can really really control is how much product I move and how many people I introduced that is down to my Act. Tivity and so that is the activity that I plan. I can't ask my team to work hard. So because I want to go on holiday or I want to take my sister business class to Sydney. I have got to do it myself. And so I take responsibility for that. Somebody said to me last week and no names mentioned, but I've only the people I introduced it more I think to look like burst out laughing. I'm like, oh, yeah, I mean gosh if that's how our business works. Wouldn't that just be great, you know. Oh, if only I could just you know make my team do more know that is not about that. You do more you do more. You'll get more results. That's just how it is. We can't make people do more. You can't you know, if you if you're in that environment of I need them to do this for me the culture in your team will be awful absolutely awful. So now that is not a mindset. I'm here to see, you know, if everybody D. I'm sure a lot of people have thought that God if only everybody needed more like yeah, I'm sure you know, if only a job paid more, you know, if only life was easier if only people didn't die if only you know challenges didn't come. Yeah, but it's not life. It's not reality. So there's no point thinking that way so the only thing that I can control is you know, how much product I sell and how many people I get started and those things are going to affect my results and so I put the whole Emphasis on that and I will help my team by sharing exactly what I'm doing so they have all my tips and advice and that is how I build my business. So the focus is always on me and my activity not how can I make anybody else do more? It's how can I be more? How can I do more? How can I get better? How can I increase my results but I don't sit there thinking about how I put a plan in place and get it done. So the plan how do you plan out your month? How do you You you know get structured. First of all think of what it is that you actually want. What do you want this month? Really and then think are you willing to work for it? Because if you're not cross it off, it's not worth it. It's just it's not going to happen. It's not worth it. So you've got to think about what exactly do you want and if that's 500 pound great, right 500 pounds at the top you piece of paper and make a plan to get that 500 pounds. You can work out exactly your profit on every product good service or whatever it is that you know, you and your They do you can work out exactly what it is that you need to do to achieve that goal. And I mean literally like Planet out meticulously. So you want to write down every product that you want to shift. So if you want to shift 10 to space like literally right down toothpaste the amount of money that that will give you and then ten squares that you can take as you do it and this is your daily goals As then okay, this is what I've got to do. This is what I got to shift. This is what I've got to do to get to where I want to be so be really specific with it. So if you have got five products there that you've got to sell a certain volume of fantastic and then Maybe you want to be building a team. Maybe you don't maybe you just want a hundred pounds. That's cool. Whatever. It is write the the goal at the top and then break it down into exactly what it is that you've got to do. And then if it is introducing people the one thing that I think people get hung up about, you know, let's say that you've got a business where you've never you've never recruited anybody. You've never sponsored anyone ever. You want to call it. You've never brought anybody in to your team. Can be hard to think okay. Well how much activity do I need to do to make that happen because I haven't made it happen so far and that can be a little bit challenging like mindset wise of course like oh, how can I plan for this when I've never actually done it? Okay, cool, but you have to do and this is the one thing that most people get tripped up on you have to do enough to get results so that you can work out how much you have to do moving forward sounds funny, but it's true. So you've got to get through the numbers are for your business opportunity to enough people that you get to somebody who says yes. I want to get started in order then to look at your statistics IE. How many people did you have to reach out to to see if they were open to you know, just learning about how they could earn some extra money to how many people then said. Yes and took a look at a little bit of information to how many people then went on to see. The full presentation to how many people then went on to get started. So with that one person getting started you might have had to reach out to a hundred people you might have sent 30 people the 30 people the short link to watch you might have sent 15 people the full business presentation or your full opportunity, whatever it is that you send and Might have recruited one person. So if you want to recruit another person your statistics would tell you you need to reach out to another hundred people. Right? But of course what will happen over time is that those figures will get lower because you have reached out to a hundred people. Okay, one of those people were ready to get started straight away, but a few of those people maybe we'll get started just over time, you know when the time is right for them. So it's not the only one in 100 well, Well actually get started. It's just that one in 100 was actually getting ready to get started right away. And that's it. That's it. So what is really important for you to do is to get through those numbers. So you get a result. If you've never got a result. It's just because you haven't kept going for long enough that is it really good idea is to buy just one of those blank calendar things with the you know, like the squares on like the wall calendars that you can get with the squares on. To for you to track how consistent you are put a Red Cross in every day that you do what it is that you need to do in your business whether that's reaching out to ten people a day or whether it's which night to five people about products 10 people about business. Whatever it is that your daily method of operation. Your DMO is there's a previous podcast on creating your DMO, but it's the consistency that will bring a results. It's not going to be the Ever is on your DM. Oh, it's going to be how consistent you are with that. So getting one of those blank calendars put in a Red Cross for every day that you are consistent and you complete your DMO and if you miss a day, if you don't get across you've got to start again and I would say do 90 days consistently. That is the that is the I kind of test of consistency. So it's 21 days to make a habit but I think as long as illicitly longer than that for me, but yeah nice. Today's of consistency you do that. I promise you I put my mortgage on it. You will get results a million percent and they will come quicker than you ever expect unless you've got like really high expectations at which point change them because life isn't like that you got to do a lot of work to get a little bit of stuff and then funnily enough when they say they're you know money goes to money and the the Richer I got the luckier I got that is not a coincidence people say that and a hundred percent that is Is so the case and you know, it's happened to me. I thought oh God. I'm so lucky so lucky like great things happen all the time, but it could equally be the other way around. So make sure that you've got the right mindset. You've got the right plan in place and you are ready to absolutely storm. This month is the start of a new month. You've got massive opportunity. Let's make it happen. Don't forget hashtag. Hashtag tag me on Instagram screenshot the podcast Tag me in it. I'll be giving away a prize in the next podcast. They've been prices giving away already. I'm going to be giving away cash prize and next podcast 20 pounds cash bonus for anybody. Not for anybody for somebody a lucky person who either tags me in a post on social media or leaves a review. So tag me in it. I'm excited to get the winner announced on the next podcast. I will see you soon. Have an amazing amazing. A month this podcast was sponsored by my Pro planner the number one planner for network marketing.