What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual thisRob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show me a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the dude you guys. Guy sounds like a really nice guy is definitely smart. We got into talking about how you know, my what I look at what I do with what the fuck Jim talk is because I'm not a consulting company. I'm not the two brains of the world and things like that. I am literally a guy who who owns a micro Jam is growing a franchise is doing that and simultaneously, I create content and problem solve for micro gym owners, but I really feel like I helped you guys shake up the status quo every CrossFit gym, especially Across the gym specifically you guys all you know, we all open up at a hundred and fifty dollars a month back in 2009 and we all had Rogue banners and kill Cliff banners back in 2012, and we all had an on-ramp model and then we all are now like we everyone just incest we doing the same thing and I think people think CrossFit was so unique in and of itself that it's all we needed crossfit's so special and unique. We're not going to have to really reinvent anything. This is just such a potent thing. I'm never going to have to dress it up or do a different or have a you know, An alternative version of this fuck off, you won't get like you not get it. Like we have got to keep challenging our own status quo and me and Rob were talking about that. He was telling me how he's like, yeah, you know, I subscribe to that part of what you're saying because the status quo if we're just doing what everyone else is doing the fuck is that in what it means? Is that like you feel comfortable when I see gym owners just running their CrossFit gym like Every Lake what every other one is like you could close your eyes and we could all describe. What a CrossFit gym. Looks like. That's kind of insane to me. Right sure, you can close your eyes and describe the spin studio looks like but only to the tune of well, there's a really nice really nice front desk and it's a dark room with good lights and spin bikes but every brand is different, you know, a lot of them are ancestral copycat versions of things like Soul cycle or flywheel but by and large they do have their own unique sand things like that. And that's what I want for you guys what I'm talking about the gym not being the best hour of the day, I because it that's because it can't be your identity. It is a fucking one-liner. Who's in some marketing company marketing copy? Sometimes it's not who you are. It's not what you deliver. You don't deliver the best out of the day. Like that's like the person who says that they're selling the mattress. No, motherfucker. You're selling sleep. That's what I want to get you guys to do like sure it's the best out of their day, but it's not always going to be but it can be a pillar of their schedule. It can be something that they consistently do and again, they're not always gonna be able to do it, but they're consistently do it. It's you know, again, it gives them comfort and Knowing they have a routine you guys again with this whole best hour of the day versus pillar of the schedule conversation. I've kind of brought to light you guys are realize it's you know, it's that conversation of are you selling sleep or are you selling a mattress? Which one because you should be selling sleep. The mattress is irrelevant. I want you guys to think about what you know, you've done recently that bucks at the status quo and not in a nun and a nonconformist fucking Rage Against the Machine way but in a lake, hey, everyone's doing it this way. I'm going to do it differently. And I know a lot of you guys think you're doing it with these new low barrier to entry classes your sweat class your fucking Thrive Clash or fuck it whatever class but you might be like in your Market. Nobody else might be doing that currently and when I say in your Market, I mean in the CrossFit gym Market because orange theories doing it really well. But you might have this lower barrier to entry class that you offer alongside your gym, or maybe you have, you know, maybe you're doing PT first and that is unique good great Grant. I love it. But I want you to just keep looking because eventually that's going to get you everyone's gonna be doing the same thing. What you're doing is not so unique and not unstealable. Everything is is everything nothing is theft proof theft proof thief-proof theft proof. Yeah. I think that's the word. Everything you do is going to be taken by somebody else on a long enough time line. We were the only gym doing PT first in a while and then I went screaming from the fucking mountain tops for four years that you guys do pt verse and now it's somewhat of a come. It's still not even it's not dominated still not the majority of us doing it. But these low barrier to entry classes things like what Urban movement is doing. I truly believe is going to become copycatted, you know, just like everything else like what metabolics done, you know, people trying to copy, you know, Alchemy classes the whole like guys you have got to look at the status quo and realize that if you do it like everybody else that will work for a minute. But if you want to develop a unique you have to Buck at that trend And you guys look alike again. I am I bucket that Trend in the realm of like gym owner business Consulting advice. I do that every day. None of these other guys in the fucking, you know, whatever the names of the companies are are creating the content in the style that I do, you know there. I mean like no, you know the Vlog and the the volume of podcast and the controversial topics and the yeah, it's okay to fuck your clients, right? That's how I met my wife like like attacking topics that are taboo and things like that and that's just my way of looking at the status quo the way that everybody else is doing business coaching and doing it different you need to do the same. Here micro Jim just like the way we did with Urban movement. A lot of you guys might be following along and saw a lot of the content on the stories where you know, we put the the vinyl down for the in your place model that is a unique. Nobody else is doing that just fuck with things like this the what you none of us are going to figure out how to break the status quo on the first go like nobody in your not going to have an idea that's like Yep. This is the idea of this is the thing that's going to make me super special. You're going to have an idea that is Super Beta and you go ahead and the first thing is to just do it. Don't think about it because thinking about it will not show you the holes in it a lot not allow you to like, you know, smoke screen test it you can't Shark Tank it that way you got to do it and you got to sit in it and stare at it for months and months and months and months and months. Someone asked me to they like manual you happy about the the vinyl flooring at on the ground at Urban movement with your pick your spot model. Like what do you mean it just fucking no, I'm asked me in 18 months 18 months. I'll be able to tell you right that's like it except this probably the least amount of time for me to really make an evaluation on it. Because I realize it's just a beta fucking idea. It's not special. It's not unique. I'm taking shit that spin Studios have been doing for years. You guys have got to test out the like the things that you want to do that break the status quo a little and some of you guys are not I'm not gonna lie. Some of you were just flat-out. Here's a here's a very WTF thing to say some of you just are not fucking creative smart enough good enough to do this. Like you will not think of it yourself. Some of you guys don't have it. You don't have the ability to figure out the next status quo breaking thing. You can do right like, Orangetheory Orangetheory. Figured out that the treadmill was a new the bubble roller was a noob TRX bands and dumbbells were new but they put it all together just like CrossFit. They will pull up some power cleans running. They put it all together in a way that was breaking status quo a hundred percent broke status quo. Some of you guys don't have that and when I say some of you I mean the fucking majority of you so you're going to have to sit back and wait for fucking guys like me and other people to do it, which is fine. That's pretty like I feel that's like one of the reasons I was fucking put on this Earth. I want to be that guy to help give you inspiration and take my ID and steal it and make it better for your own brand. I don't care like I want you to do that. But though but the only way you're ever going to get better at this even if you don't have it, right if you don't have it. Do you still need to mess around like I want to get you guys like actually playing with the clay trying to formulate this new thing. Don't sit back and think about it. Don't sit back and watch other people do it in hypothesize how it would work or not work in your model. You just have to do it. I've had guys reach out to me like a fuck who reached out to me recently. Somebody hits me up and they're like stew I've been doing this Picard. I've been doing something very similar pick a spot wise blah blah blah. I was like fuck. Yeah. That's awesome. Oh Alex my dude. Yeah my dude Alex out of Canada. So Alex I apologize for the fuck it I can't recall the gym right now, but Alex hates me up and he shows me like bro. I started this thing. I don't know earlier last year and he's got very similar to a box and flow is doing in their new studio. If you guys haven't kept an eye on box and Flow. They've got the great pick a spot model very very minimal Style on their floor and Alex is looks very similar to that and it's really helped his operational capacity to organization in the flow of is workouts. Right Lake, but he had the fuck with that first to find out if it was gonna work. You just got to start I think I mean, I don't know it looked like the send me a video just like it was fucking tape on the floor. You don't have to fucking get expensive with vinyl and flying signs are X and install your shit. You can get betas help me and do started this with fucking blue painters tape on the ground. Guys, I want you to challenge the status quo and like some of you guys are going to feed me back the whole like well if it ain't broke don't fix it. Yeah, that's perfectly fine. You're right. There are plenty of basic old diners out there that have not invented anything new they still use a shitty old menu red and white checkered tablecloths and they're doing fine. They're exceptional at what they do exceptional. We can all think of that like one mom-and-pop Italian restaurant. That is just fucking exceptional what Do that Diner that fucking just always has a weight and you can't understand why but it's because the fucking coconut French toast and bacon and eggs and should have just a come out quick. The staff is friendly, whatever maybe they're just exceptional at it. You probably have not hit a level of exceptional Miss. Otherwise you wouldn't be listening to me probably. And you're trying to figure out what you could do then to be special because what you're currently doing is not been special enough as deemed by the market. And so now you're always looking you're looking for that next thing. What is my new class going to be our should I call the gym something else? That'll be special. Should I use a torpedo? That'd be very special and I love it. I fucking love it because you're challenging the status quo your own status quo too, by the way. But don't make any fucking mistakes about a guys you've got to do it over again and over and test it and try it and when guys come out that are saying shit that you don't like and all it does is get a conversation going like telling you guys the fucking rethink this best our the day fucking bullshit. That it's a great marketing line. It's a shitty fucking identity. To maybe consider like that. You want to be a pillar of the schedule then maybe you should be less emotional about this best hour a day like your fucking best friends with every goddamn member and actually think of it as running a business and being a fucking logistical utility in their life. Anyway, just some dots I've got as I got to go pick up my daughter now. She's standing outside of school right now. Wondering why daddy still sitting in the car talking to himself. So guys, let me know your thoughts. Love you. Peace out.