Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seemsShe got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along with Elizabeth Warren to get a joint endorsement. That's where you might you know, if you don't follow politics that closely you might at least remember that the two women. She's one of the two women and you know, she's kind of the first time I ever. Encountered, you know reading about Amy Klobuchar. I think it wasn't a times ironically was an article about basically what kind of brother mad woman. She was she was at the senator that I'm just drawing staplers at staff and just being really abusive and I'm pretty sure she demean them. I don't know if she did any kind of I don't think she abused him sexually, but there might be some kind of sexual shaming going on. Probably not but like I wouldn't be surprised like I mean like your frat like stuff like, you know, go hold this egg in your ass because you didn't properly proofread this build. I'm Trump, you know, putting the Senate floors now go walk through the Rotunda of the Capitol building with this hard-boiled egg in your or not hard. It wouldn't be a hard boiled egg because that would be easy right because we just be it's soft or whatever so you won't have a fresh egg. They make someone holding their ass and Is that mean is this a thing? I don't know. I wasn't raised as an elite. I didn't go to an elite college and my part of skull and bones or any kind of other for eternity. I don't know what people put in my ass for training purposes. You know, I don't know or how are they you know, but I wouldn't put it past the woman's arm saying she famously ate a salad with the comb on an airplane, I believe because she didn't have a fork. I don't know why the airplane didn't have a fork. For her they seem to have Forks usually but maybe she had a comb in her purse and you know, some people would be disgusted to use their own comb to eat but not Amy Klobuchar because she is a special about me that just procedures that she's a special type of woman, especially in politics because I mean look, I mean, is it grow? She asked her staff to clean the comb after she ate. Wait, which I guess you don't wanna be shoving salad dressing in your hair later on but I find it interesting that her hair. Like I'm not saying she has lice. You know, I'm not saying that Amy Klobuchar has like Vermont infestations in their hair or you know that she has greased danger of Greece and their danger of Grease or greased and room out dandruff or grease. I think they're kind of opposites. I have dandruff my hair is not greasy at all. That's how I know. But either one, I mean, I don't want Flex of dandruff in A soup or my salad, but you know Amy Klobuchar don't fuck around I guess or she has immaculately clean hair which doesn't seem like her type. Oh, yeah her her Mo. She's not a Tulsi gabbard type. You should not like an amazing. She's ugly woman or she is a grotesque ra I mean look doesn't matter if she was 2020 we can have ugly people in politics. We can have fat people in politics. We've had them forever. I mean there was a we still have all the time I guess but you know, there was a time right after right after Nixon took a shit debating Kennedy these all clammy because he wasn't the I'm about to repeat. What's probably a Nixon myth because they blame it on the fact that he wasn't prepped for television. Like Kennedy was a young guy if you're not familiar with this a 1960 Nick's Richard Nixon who was the vice president was running against Kennedy ended up losing a lot of people tribute at a large part. I mean besides Sam. Giancana stealing Chicago for Kennedy by the You know also to the fact of debate performance by Nixon because Nixon just all clammed up just sweating looks like a pig is a pig. I got, you know being being in a kangaroo court and yeah people say it's really wasn't prepped. He wasn't ready. I don't know that mean the guy if you listen to the word gay tapes, the guy was kind. I mean, I don't think I'm out about him being a drug addict with him like just she's doing blow. Shoot any Kennedy was doing amphetamines all the time and those can make you sweat. I mean, I've just been plenty of times on Adderall. Well, I've been sweating like a pig just you know, just in the middle of job interviews. Just trying to explain everywhere at the morgue the first interview I went on these here's the thing about the morgue. I mean, you got to say it's like a County job. What is it kind of job and you have to basically take a test first of all on the test. In this case was the civil service test boats photography specific. And yeah, I knew my my stuff pretty well. So I did I wouldn't have a top score by was like in top three or four people so they went through some people first. I had to wait a couple years and like they'll bring you in for an interview and then you'll hear anything for six months. And then so I basically I think I have went three different interviews and the first one and I didn't know any better the time I had to meet with the head of the crime lab, which is not part of the medical. Abner's office where I worked in the same building with a different Wings the crime lab like, you know, they run like yeah, they want to like run tests on drugs, I guess and you know run guns for like, you know ballistics and they were closer with the cops. They're not, you know directly part of the cops, but I did meet with the head the head of the crime lab, which is just because Pete and I found a layers because people are on vacation and said just rescheduling like normal people they decide to have a guy who I would never work with. I mean, I would see him sometimes that like Christmas parties and you know, and we and we say hello over the course of three or four years. I was there. This is the guy who I got. I mean, I assumed he knew that I was supposed to be a photographer. I don't know if he thought it was just a janitor by the point and reason I bring up the story is that I was sweaty and look, I guess I sweat when I'm nervous a bit maybe but I also probably What's the matter or before? You know, why not? It's an important thing. You want to be on your best put your best foot forward. So why not have mounds of sweat dripping off your forehead and going through your shirt because keep in mind. I was working at a potato bread warehouse at the time. So I wasn't used to wearing like and yes, I'm not used to wearing dress shirts with like ties. Oh bound up, you know tucked in. I mean even my did photographer wedding photography I wouldn't wear tie. Yeah, I wore ties growing up as a kid, but I'm saying he's a level you got you like you should go be able to go to a job interview. This is what they don't want but you should just be able to go in your normal clothes and like and some people do you gotta play power moves because they put you on the back foot by making you like I'm and I wore a goddamn shirt and tie to a McDonald's in your view and the guy kind of called. Out I think I you know put Deca on my application which I wasn't a lie, technically because I had gone if you have a decade is like a business class in high school not physical Business Club and you do like business mock business stuff. I don't really know I went to one meeting it wasn't for me. So you guys went to Catholic school. I got kicked out of eventually so I do I take a bus. I couldn't walk home. So like you basically just a late bus, so I'm not going to stay two and a half hours after school every day to like, you know do mock marketing meetings and try to pitch, you know as asbestos but like rebranded, I wish I did this now. I mean if I go if I could go back I wouldn't like fuck the hot girl or like be one of the popular kids. I would just be part of deca and just like do really good pitches for like, you know toxic Those different, you know different kinds of pesticides or end up giving people cancer because that's what business is. I mean if they didn't go for it, which I don't normally do. I love to know if it's so good this I mean, they probably wouldn't have questioned my school gone for it. But I mean that would mean they should really Scout kids from the see who's trying to be duplicitous and deca. Anyway, I put Deca on my application and the guy was like, oh I was in Deca the guy McDonald's I mean obviously I'm gonna say he's making more money than I was so I was gonna shit on the fat obviously you did well, but I mean, he's a manager someone believed in him. So I mean, I don't know if I'm in a position maybe after, you know after 20 some odd years or whatever. Maybe I'm in a position to look down on him not for his job. But yeah, whatever I mean but the point did but at the time now he was a know it was going to make me a manager when I was 15 or 16. I'm sweating profusely and you know, you know marginally misleading people about Deca so I don't but the point is it didn't really lead to a Fortune 500 company form. By the way, do we go? That's the charm of the show is a tangent, but we're talking about whose Klobuchar but oh, so yeah, I'm in the morgue. I'm just sweating profusely at this guy and he and he and I'm answering questions. I'm doing alright, I think but he's like, oh you're sweating a lot and my God, you know, I'm just I just sweat a lot like, oh you nervous like no. I just sweat a lot and I kept repeating to this to them to him. It's a go. It's okay. My son sweats. Constantly, which I thought was an odd admission. I mean it was a nice warm thing to do to try to make me feel better. It'd be fine. Here's my son. My son's a crackhead. He sweats all the time. So you're not getting the job which I didn't at the time then I went to two different interviews. I think I did if I mention I met with the chief medical examiner, which is more appropriate because I was directly under her and she called out a sweating and I again said I'm not nervous. I just sweat a lot. Lat, I don't think they didn't even try to make me feel better. I don't think they believed me. They probably thought it was on drugs may be prescribed medication, but you should be able to like, you know, where one of those bracelets that you know, it says like hey, this guy will sweat all the time and it's just an official thing. So my point is how they relate to Klobuchar. She was a beast of a woman. How do we get on to the sweating and I believe out because she sweat all the time. I don't But you know, she is not the kind of person that you would have groomed to be president. Right? Like she's not unattractive person or some people like, you know, douchey guys will say she all ugly. She's playing. She's a normal woman. We went tell you I'm maniac and aggressive Maniac but a normal Woman and You know, but she's she's just no one's knows putting on the cover of a magazine unless she makes a trade deal with Iraq or something. So I wonder who like groomed her because I you Tulsi gabbard. You see that anyone really did a good job grooming her but, you know people to judge groomed, I mean, yeah by the CIA, but still he's a good-looking guy. He's gay, which is good now plays in this day and age. You know, I went to Afghanistan or whatever and pretended to kill people when he's really just hiding an intelligence bunker probably. I don't know for sure. But I mean, you know, but we do we probably yeah is this guy wasn't out there like animal mother and full metal jacket and so the point is Klobuchar I mean she ended up charmingly with just the the Mania of her. I mean it was one point in one of the last debates when they were asking about guns and and like, you know gun control and you know, they're trying to pin Bernie on being like a gun guy because he's from Vermont just people like guns and yeah, I'm sure over the years he fucked, you know had to pick your priorities. Those people don't do not want you taking away their assault rifle or even their like hunting rifle so he didn't make it a big deal and he probably voted for some gun stuff and either defend themselves by God. I actually have a d-minus from the NRA, you know, whatever dude it's fine. But Amy her entire argument was that you know, she's from we should put someone in charge who's from the place where they have the guns and those he's people because almost quote on a pair of I'm having a little bit wrong, but quote. I'm not gonna hurt my uncle dick in the deer blind, which is amazing. It's anime. I'm not gonna hurt my uncle dick in the deer blind. I mean if it's not orchestrated, she's a gem and if it is that's still great. Like you understand. There's a lack of talent out there in politics. It's really surprising when you see the Duds they put up here. For years on both sides. I mean you look at Trump and as much as he was an ascendant figure of this new Zeitgeist, you know kind of marshalling the harnessing the the discontent of the working class white working class who feel like they got left behind all that. Yeah. It'll just a little less true. But also they put a lot of real Duds against him Jeb Bush Marco Marco Rubio Ted Cruz Who's voting for these people? I mean, I don't understand why they can't seem to just have a decent supply of like fairly Attractive people with decent families that like can speak with some kind of energy. I mean, do you who's had it Ted Cruz even get into I mean I get Mitch McConnell because that guy is older unless he's just I mean, it's Mitch McConnell older. You have some disease. Is he 40 and he just looks like a like we can we use the word reptilian old-time Nob Hill Insane Bloomberg's The Reptilian and you know, I'm not like we don't mean literally to anyone but I mean unless you're David I can and you know, you do but yeah, but yeah, he Bloomberg fits the bill as far as you know, yeah, he's just like wasp it was Jewish I guess but you know, he's was waspish Jews, you know who like, he's Jewish but like he says he has this kind of cold-blooded just kind of the same way. You know these I mean much like George HW Bush just kind of is like analytical but no charm no soul and but McConnell's like a fucking actual like like lizard like a wing like his eyes set in and his cheeks. I don't know. But I got me I'm assuming he's older and like he kind of got in under the under the under the whatever the before the deadline we had the happy hot Stephen. Yeah, we talked about, you know about the whole Nixon thing but he's i'll I want some point. It was okay to be a little more gross. I mean the 70s if you look at the movies and I like this, I mean, I think it's better. I mean you watch a lot of movies from the 70s and even 80s and just people were just like more normal looking they were little Or like they weren't all hot. I mean there's something just gross about everyone being hot. It's just like it just artificial and feel like you're in a real world and but macaque I mean mmm, so the point is she's not that bad. Oh, no, I don't know why they can't get these people. They can't get a supply of like decent-looking. You know, like Kathy wasn't like that people talk about like he was fucking George Clooney. He was like kind of weird-looking guy but like basically, And I guess what he did he have good game. I mean Marilyn Monroe was fucking him and she was fucking his brother. They're both kind of weird looking who's Lucy was here next week like it I could get her read on this but but they seemed like whatever they're held in esteem is beings attractive guys. I think they're kind of weird looking but they got power so the fucking Marilyn Monroe and they end up, you know, Poisoning her because she knew too much or some shit give you know forcing pills down her throat. I'm who know? Maybe they were drugging her before to the point is though is that they just can't get like Obama shouldn't be too unicorn that he was I mean forget the factories black and that was a you know, as far as like, you know, the Democratic party and being diverse it was you know, a big asset. I mean the time they thought it could be a liability. I mean was everyone was saying that you know, America might not be ready whatever but he was Guy great speaker all this shit like but it shouldn't be that hard. Like you can't just go to like not quite like you're failing, you know completely destitute substitute actors. But like now what about Jason Priestley like from now to 100 right? Look Perry is dead because I say Luke Perry but Jaden she's increases probably better was a little more. I mean, they're both pretty attractive guys, but I think Luke Perry was a little more. You know teen Bop cover of the magazine slick like, you know, Jason Priestley was a little more we're like as he went when he became. I mean, what's he look like now? I can you know 45 and what's he look like I could look it up. I won't I'm sure he looks great. I think I saw him in something like 10 years ago. I mean, you can't get that guy that guy can read lines. I mean, you can't get you can't teach that guy to talk about, you know the need for a stable Healthcare System. Or whatever like these people like what is Joe Biden saying? What is Bloomberg saying? I mean, yeah, Bernie's got his whole fucking thing going on but he's not wire but he most these people aren't like talking policy like not wonks. I mean they have like people coaching them and they have people ramming stuff down their throats, but like they're not like particularly good in there. We watch one debates are not like experts or any of this day. Like they know the broad strokes and they'll say they're experts because they go we wear to work on this bill. They have their own people. Like they have this staff in the Senate and they even Congress people who like action who work with the lobbyists usually and in the worst case well in the normal case and the best case, maybe you got like Isaac Barney Frank and The Dodd was that's first name Dodd-Frank. But yeah, like I'm sure they know a bit they know enough to get angry about the banking system. I don't think they're writing all the fucking they're not writing the goddamn like laws. They have like a Stafford and they No, they keep abreast of it. But like, you know, they don't you don't Jason Priestley could pull this off. He could be this guy and you have a plethora of that you mean Kevin Sorbo is he American? I don't know. Why not Kevin Sorbo. I think he the guy who plays Hercules on a TV show. I think he'd be great if Robert Downey jr. Hadn't have had that great comeback with MCU the Marvel movies and playing Iron Man. He would have been great guy. I mean someone like that but this guy, Like that who have I mean Mickey Rourke and he might be a little bit much but get Jason Schwartzman mean Jason Schwartzman. I loved Rushmore. I love Slackers. What's he mean bored to death was a great show, but you know lately what's even I'm sure he'll pop up in Wes Anderson movies and like a few but like what's it where his days like I met him once he was in a band Phantom Planet again. They're not setting the world on fire. I like the first album now when I go back, it's not for me as much they a So California, it was nice. It was fun. It was the early 2000s point is get Jason Schwartzman to run for Congress and then eventually president like get some people in the goddamn system. Why are we like but you know we have what we have at the moment and Klobuchar just a maniac and then I loved her wouldn't have voted for president, but I might have yeah, I wouldn't admit to it probably but I am I she Cheap vice president phenomenal, I mean if Biden ends up winning and picks club or charges VP, that'll be a lot of fun because he got a brain dead guy on the top and just pretty aggressive if we believe these stories just batshit crazy Midwestern woman. Just I mean if she's the one running the shot, like if we just parallel it to the George W Bush Administration, and she's the Cheney That's phenomenal. I mean I'd be amazing when we was Klobuchar going to invade. I mean she going to orchestrate the invasion of like Australia and just and just like start mastering kangaroos. I mean, I think she might I mean she was even happens in the midwest where these people like are these people kind of like Russians you think they'd be like Russia and I guess it's not as cold as Russia, but it's pretty cold, right. He'll talk with the Midwest is all folksy. But Russia is cold. And it's not focusing those people are hard. They're hard brutal people and I don't really I guess it gets colder. It means Siberia. I'm sure it's parts are Russia is similar to North Dakota. Is that part of the Midwest? I think it is, right or is that considered North? I don't even know what that I don't think about geography I assume but she has that kind of aw shucks fogger. We kind of vibe not as hard as Fargo, but like I got my uncle dick in the big blind. Where the fuck so Oh, she might maybe we should invade Russia but not you know, just because she wants to like, you know, go skiing more they skiing Russia again. I don't know. I mean, it doesn't seem you'll hear a lot about skiing in Russia. It's a big wintry place. I'm sure they have mountains. That's the problem and that's why they're so hard and I mean it's cold as shit, but like they don't even take advantage of I mean I'm saying they probably do ski all the time. They're probably the best skiers in the world and I'm just like I don't ever ski, I don't know anything. I mean I know. We play hockey. Well, there are there were written in the the Soviet hockey team was a one of the greatest sports teams. Probably in history. I mean they were you know this to be my baby playing movies about this. But yeah, I mean Klobuchar, I mean it's not VP. I mean Secretary of Defense maybe because that's really what we want. We want her just dropping the hammer around the world. She won't need nukes. I feel like she'll just Threatened to like we're gonna bhama we're gonna buy me a McDonald's we're gonna bomb your your Hardy's and you're in your car which they have Hardy's internationally. I mean of the pie have to probably say we're gonna bomb your hearties and then like on TV till like, you know, France or something or like to Norway Italy over over some kind of weird tariff thing, which you shouldn't even be involved with there's nothing there were defense, but she'll just call impromptu press conference. Frances and chill, you know start threatening to like bomb things that aren't even in their country. What bomb your heart is? No, no couple generals will come to her as it man Madam Secretary. We they don't have heart. We walked into it. We tried to do some reconnaissance and find some Hardy's that we could bomb for you. They don't have it in Norway. They have McDonald's. Would you like to do that? And then she'll throw a stapler at the general? But ultimately agree, I mean, it'd be great. Oh my God, I'd love to come yeah and she'll get something probably because you know, she did the from establishing point of view to the right thing. She she fell in line. I believe on super Tuesday. I think Buddha judge did on Sunday Sunday and I don't point is by super Tuesday. She she and blue jays had dropped out and so And Doris, Joe Biden, which yeah, obviously pick this, you know rotting. I mean, I used to love Joe Biden and I probably talked about before but I love how he's threatened to beat up Trump behind the behind the school behind the gym. What does it mean? I love the Corn Pop the corn if you haven't seen the Corn Pop video just go YouTube Joe Biden Corn Pop. It's amazing. It's just I should do a patron episode where just break it down like, you know, like playing the thing and break. It's just this just too much to talk about but he's basically recounting the story of how he worked at a pool when he was like 20 and some inner-city and some black guy didn't you know, he described him as a guy mean. I'm on paraphrase but like almost racist or death or definitely racist. I mean, but it's is blacktop just tough guy real Street guy. Wanted to like stab them because he wouldn't let him dive in the pool or some shit who's running in the pool. I mean, he's describing like The Sandlot and then but then to say he's gonna get stabbed by by his black gentleman who so the mechanic at the pool or something or the maintenance guy gave him some chain to wrap around his hand. It's an insane story and it should disqualify him from even being able to sack contract. He should have he should have he should be able to be declared unfit. Like, you know, what's that term but you know, you should be institutionalized for telling this story but there's definitely qualify being president. But you know it apparently he's the best bet for the DNC because they hate Bernie. They just hate them. I mean, look, I'm not I like burning a lot and probably gonna vote for him buddy. I'm openly skeptical about whether that he can get it done. I think he's got Integrity really good. Uh, I'm honestly surprised how afraid they are because it is It seemed to me like, you know it with the state of the Senate and McConnell. I mean the shamelessness of how like they believe they won't even vote on like Obama's Supreme Court nominee and until the elections over like they ever vote on them. They waited till Trump is like the stuff you think you can't get away with a just do so like I I'm so I'd be surprised if Bernie guy has done, but I guess he could they want to nip this in the bud. And so if you know they're coalescing around. The most frightening Reagan was old and he was he had probably had to mention earlier on than we think but yeah, he killed look even his goddamn speech is like leaving speech is a his goodbye speech and I was in the Oval Office or whatever is the city on the hill speech beautiful. I'm sure he had prompters or whatever but like the guy was an actor again. This is why Jason Priestley, why not because it's like, you know actors know how to fucking hit them. Hit that hit our marks at their hit those notes and yeah his he didn't remember Iran-Contra supposedly and he didn't believe AIDS was real or just want to gay people who died. But yeah, he was able to speak Biden can't even speak. He called him on super Tuesday gonna look, you know, I'm sure most of you paying attention, but you haven't he did really well on super Tuesday and he's the he's got the momentum going forward. I mean, it's not yeah lock by any means but It was a big night for him and the end of the night. He's on the stage and he's having his little celebration and he introduces this is my sister. He says but it's his wife. Which is I mean, maybe to be fair maybe he just fucks his sister a lot to maybe more than his wife. I mean in said I mean is that hot I'll be honest with you. It piques my interest. It makes me want to learn more. Yeah, like sipping parent-kid incest terrible sibling incest. It's probably also abusive so I shouldn't say I mean you want you watching porn videos and they're like, You know, they just kind of ran us about the same age and they're both horny and they both want to fuck basically and one that makes the first move but I mean sibling and says it's probably like, you know older brother diddling the you know might be alive diddling to be a thing. They don't think so. I mean, I wasn't the point of this but you know raping and diddling there's a wide divide there. I mean, it's a euphemism I get it but I mean diddling is just saying that friends are staying it's like a it's just it's something I'm probably start in the midwest. So just sounds like that album. It just seems like you know, I mean, I don't think they use the word diddle in court, but it's just even it's used too much but the point is Yeah, if he's not fucking his sister, then it's you know, they got the guys losing it the guys down before our eyes. I mean and this is a guy who was sharper for I mean, he was always problematic people. Apparently, he was pretty instrumental in that Anita Hill hearing or Clarence over the Clarence Thomas Supreme Court where he supposedly put a pube on her Diet Coke, but I think it's just sexually harassing this woman and secretary and I think they are pretty they're pretty rough on her. They're pretty unfair to her and they're say sexist and misogynist and you know, you could even argue, you know, like, you know rape apologists and also he's instrumental in the crime bill with the clintons and all that and which is you know, but Allah young black men in jail for no good reason. I mean sure look like anyone else some of them are guilty of stuff but a lot of black black men went to jail for like having pot which is a I mean, look, there's a problem with the system. It's like when you look at it, it's not supposed to make sense. It may like with the more you learn the more you realize like. It makes sense just not for if you assume that they're on your side. It makes sense when you remember that like, oh no like the point of this is for them to make money and to you know, Marshall power and to use years of pain and to fuck your kids and it just yeah perpetuate a class and a way of life, which doesn't seem worth it. Honestly. I mean I get em bit much to live which is ambition to be here the day the more freedom you have the more you realize Like when he was working all the time, it's nice like it was rough. I mean I've had times in my life where I was like working multiple jobs more visible in the warehouse. We're going to open the graveyard shift at the potato bread Warehouse like, you know, 12 midnight to 8 then going straight to a bar mitzvah and photographing that then they were sweet 16 and all these are this is not I don't know what you think of when you think of Photography but least wait I did it wasn't a casual thing. It wasn't a hey I'm just walking around with Amaura I'm sweating. I'm running around sweat my ass off and then ends up. So whatever point is like I had there's a period I worked a lot and I didn't mind it was fun. I'm not fun. It sucked but like it's it was way better than the times when I was like, you know on unemployment and just laying around and like waiting for an open mic to start and I'm like, what do I do and like and you keep planning to have things to do and you don't do them and my point is that some of this might just be the key busy, they're keeping busy by you know, putting tons of minorities in jail and poisoning the water and you know selling off the future environmental sustainability of the world for a short Buck to keep busy because I mean, look what happened Joe Biden left public office, and I'm not saying he was you know, Jed Bartlet, I mean He left the Obama Administration was dressed in a second. But yeah, he wasn't Jed Bartlet. I'll say it again, but he was He wasn't this rotted out carcass of a man that he is now and I'm not trying to you know, what pick him over Trump. Yeah. Sure. Will he beat Trump? Most people think not I mean, I'm not one of these guys who like those I think most people aren't either as a problem. All Hill talking about her ass who don't necessarily know a bunch of math is how complicated a lot of these people running their mouths on Twitter lately. I don't know how title and math they are and like but yeah, the reason I bring up Trump, I mean Was John Bartley he was the President Martin Sheen play them on The West Wing probably the archetype for what they based Obama on when they plan them with the CIA plans Obama and he's a real person is good guy killed a lot of people in with Yemen, Yemen Pakistan, you know drone strikes, but I mean, you know, he's he was following a guy who killed millions of people. I mean we talked about Trump and he does a lot of bad shit bad guy like you look dishonest guy a crook. Plays on you no fear of immigrants. And yeah, the detention centers the Obama start them they technically ramp them up and extraordinary Pace, but about it wasn't a good guy either. I mean and you know, he's following Georgia be like George W. Bush killed millions of people the Iraq War for nothing. I mean not for not again not for nothing trillions of dollars and you know control supposed to control of a region for a while and you know the maneuver In the pipeline is a lot of reasons but no reason. I mean they claim is for weapons of mass destruction, but him even then like we believe that I mean we kind of like, why would you lie, I mean you have to like find them later and even bother when they got into Iraq like, you know, they took the country what like I think the whole thing took three weeks, but they basically took it much quicker but like the whole thing was like three weeks along the actual, you know, the actual Invasion or whatever you want like the military the real of the taking the Shit, I mean, of course proof holding it proved harder, but whatever that's life. They didn't bother faking because easily faked a we found some Anthrax. Oh good. See we were right. They wanted you to know my gangsters. So Yeah. The reality is so it will have overbite against trying. I don't think know it look Trump had was able to do some bad stuff and he's like a mean-spirited guy if you like them. I mean, I don't know why I mean unless you're like a sock guys if you liked him because he makes you money then. Okay, I mean, I'm not gonna look you're probably in the same boat as a lot of the democratic establishment who you know, they hate Trump on the surface, but they'd rather see Trump. Ernie because Bernie is you know, Bernie's going to fuck with the money or at least try and like, you know, they'd rather have Biden lose and have Trump because they're making you know, like what the tax cuts in whatever these rich establishing guys are making money off that I mean, they're not donating that a charity. I mean that would be a move, you know, Terry McAuliffe and all these like, you know, establishment hacks who he was the head of the DNC and they haven't they try them out on CNN along with other hacks and he's Running down the Bernie supporter who was on the panel and it's just like, you know, did you donate your the money? You got another tax cut to some women's shelter. Why not do that now that keep the money they'll keep the money because that's again is these people are not on your side? So the point is that by it's pretty rough. It's a pretty rough. Situation and he did better than people thought he got he won South Carolina and pretty definitively on the Saturday before but I think there's always the projected to win but it really well and like yeah, but he hasn't bad months. It's probably why they had, you know, these guys stay in as long as they did because like I mean, in fact you had Budaj and more and and Klobuchar and I mean some other guys who didn't even matter, but I mean Bloomberg well, You wonder if Bloomberg was there just to kind of be a lightning rod the protect Biden. I mean, I don't know if anyone thought Bloomberg was going the distance. Like I said before he's kind of a lizardy kind of just that Charming at all. Like basically Warren's just hammering. I mean, I'm not usually I'm not I'm not fan of Warren, but she did, you know, good job hammering Bloomberg and he just hit his response to like cause he has like tons of like nda's. Yes, non-disclosure agreements from these women who worked for him. I guess who accused him of sexual harassment and and Warren just hammering. I'm gonna you gonna release these nda's. Are you gonna like, you know lift these on the edge of my watches women speak? He's just his whole response is like, oh, I don't think I'd wanna I wouldn't break the trust of these women these women sign these documents. Look, of course, they want to keep it quiet which of course is not how an NDA typically Works. Typically you get money in exchange for signing the NDA. Or in the condition of signing the NDA saying all right, we'll pay you but you can't talk about it. I don't know that anyone's ever requested an NDA. I mean, I'm sure plenty of victims don't want to go, you know, broadcasting their story of being assaulted or harassed or raped that being said, you know. I don't think there's ever at the best of me because my point is it's a laughable thing and that was his entire but that wasn't just like a glib come back and then he had a substantive response like the guy just what wasn't even trying. So I you gotta wonder if he was there just to kind of absorb some of the iron and like some of the attention away from because you can just look Point. Otherwise if he pointing at Biden going look at his ear like brain matter is just falling out of his ear. It's and black sludge and he's just incanting. He's just, you know, repeating Latin phrases about while the mics not on should we do some can we help this man? But yeah, They're certainly they focus on that and that might have been the point and to a lesser extent, you know, Budaj Edge and Klobuchar. I mean, I wonder was apparently Obama made some calls on, I guess Sunday after South Carolina to kind of hey Amy. Hey Klobuchar you crazy. You crazy monster. Love you. I love you baby. Can you drop out for my friend Biden and she did because we have she's not gonna do anything. They're doing this if they're not being coordinated. They're doing it to get some Kind of cabinet position. So when Obama who still I mean it's funny because like, you know, the progressive debates kind of feel like a lot of people are shitting on Obama, but you still royalty in that contact he still he still got the juice. I mean was it? Oh Carrie, you know for because the Gordon want Clinton, you know, Bill Clinton campaigning for mm. Mm. Probably a dumb move in hindsight because of the whole Lewinsky thing in the impeachment and he thought you'd want to be tired by it probably would have been better if he did. Um, but I believe bio for you know, once he left office, they were kind of coronated but Bill Clinton because you know the economy took a shit and I'm not 11 happened. They were just you know, the Iraq War so people look very fondly on the clintons and at least Bill and Hillary results, you're also doing stuff in the Senate. She was she was she was having her. her fucking Heyday as probably you know so they definitely I believe you know carry tap them and they helped him it was night and like and they were seen as like I think Bill Clinton gave us like the keynote speech Obama gave a speech a no for I forget if it was like, you know, which night it was but Obama but couldn't another one is also a moving speech supposedly, but I was like Obama's coming out not gay but, you know, just coming out as a national level guy. I guess I'm great speech people loved it. Is Obama's that guy now like yeah, you might you know in four years you might be different, you know, maybe people might start talking about drone strikes more. I doubt it. I mean, I don't think Obama rape people. So that's a plus and he did it mean. I mean that's a thing. I assume all politicians have done stuff like that, you know here and there but like with Bill Clinton it kind of feels like but they hide it right just people in their life, they're typically Those people on some level a lot of them are CIA assets or to have connections. This is to the agency or the business, which is almost the same thing. You know, these are people who were friends and their friends their friends their family has friends and they make sure go away and I feel like Clinton did too. I mean he had CIA connections probably because he is there flying that, you know, the cocaine in there shoving into the in here at the crack into the inner city that was coming in throughout Arkansas with Gary Webb ins Of you know, like looking at that if you don't know but you know just basically he's involved in that shit. So I'm sure he had people that's how many people that like that like all these cases still come out. Like that's what bubbled over the top. So, you know point is Obama. I'm not saying he's clean, but he didn't rape so many people at least that it like became a thing where like you couldn't even you couldn't even contain him. So they called, you know, Klobuchar and bridges and yeah, basically said, hey take a steps take it, you know, where they call that when he when he when they swap the picture out. I don't know take a knee. That's not taken me is it it's something and they're endorsing Biden. I mean the Bernie guys are prepping the oh, he's burning people depressed about it. I mean, I know it's kind of shocking to me that how Grim they are about it because like they're faintly neither things. I've seen on Twitter all the time. like they look is everyone Arab it Maniac who was very of course not I mean, you know, I support Bernie, I mean not as vocal as these people but you know, you know, I'm Lucy, you know canvas is Pharmacy and whatever I yeah, I'm I got nothing against the act of supporting Bernie, but a lot of these people are just you know dicks who it seems to be like the style that's been adopted by like a large chunk of ice the most vocal and the most Most retweeted people. I'm not following, you know, every leftist out there. I'm I'm you know, so I'm not seeing like, you know, your cousin Jan who is it may just makes doilies about Bernie and we'll move TT The Coasters to say vote for Bernie, please I'm not saying that I'm seeing all these, you know, straight up lennis and stalinist who are you know podcasting and tweeting and just fucking I mean if supposedly because of comedians but Giving that I mean all they talk about is, you know wanting to you know, put people in front of a firing squad for not you know supporting the leninist agenda. I mean like really there is a lot of this out. I'm not even being like hyperbolic. I mean and even the people who aren't quite that crazy are just like it's the mo to be like your style is typically well. We're sick of the system. We're sick of the Endless cycle of Neo liberal. It's and Centrist Democrats. I get nothing Progressive done. So we're not going to be polite about it and look I get the notion that you don't want to be polite and you shouldn't have to be polite but his politics but I have to think so, these people are all just depressed and it seems like they this has been pitched as like a political revolution as like, you know, I mean, it's like the Branded that way there's only two people rising up and I can accept And like yeah buying did well Bernice logo path to victory. Yeah, like fucking Biden's got the momentum because like he was doing so shitty for a long time and Bernie was kind of feeling the front-runner another I think delegate wise pretty even and is plenty of stuff to go on. Where did the fight go? This is a revolution start. This is how civil rights went. Like, you know, did Martin Luther King just say I have a dream that will March on Washington if they don't change anything. We'll just give up. Let's go back home. It's like this half fucking women got the right to vote. They just like they asked like they did one. They took a straw poll and then if it didn't if they lost their just said fuck it. We'll just know, you know people fight over Generations. You want Universal Health Care you notify your Heist on the stand. Like I'm not saying that like Bernie is not a worse situation, but don't don't fucking don't lead with that. Don't do the job of your enemy for them. Like what is that? What kind of move is that? What kind of a spirit is that? I mean you these people are just like I am again, it's not me sitting there going like oh, you're you're a bunch of Cox or anything. It's just like I don't love you about the problem. A lot of people like to put on this fucking patina of like we Soviet Revolution socialist Revolution, but yeah, they're not really it wouldn't be in my herbal. Anyway, you don't really want a bunch of people threatening to Guillotine you By the it's fun. It's just like antifa for a lot of these guys is fun. I'm sure they mean well some of them some of them I'm sure don't but whatever but the point is it's a lot of it's easy to do that. It's hard to do slow work overtime to you know, like just kind of make small gains and really build a coalition over, you know, not years not I mean like and if you look at it now if they lose, you know, you've got a cyst you putting Roots down of the the Socialist movement. It's like yeah because you can become the establishment just stay with it. But these people are just like so sad, it's just it's like don't lead with this. But yes Grim, but don't talk about it. Like it's like if you want to throw a girl you wanted to fuck a girl and you're like, hey somehow call the bar. Yeah, you maybe don't have a shot. But like you don't tell her like a normal roof fat turd, but and I don't really fuck much. I mean, I'm not a virgin but I haven't had sex that many times I jerk off a lot. But you know so my dick does get hard and I know that because when I masturbate it's hard, but you really pretty and I know there's this is this not how you do it. You gotta fucking just act like you've been there act like, you know, you don't fucking I don't understand the lack of fight. I mean it just and a look at you say when we fight or we can lick our wounds for it. No, you can't lick your wounds for a day. No, that's bad at the Optics are bad. The Optics matter after Trump people were crying in the streets. We're being hammered like the the live gathered event on public access and people just crying in the studio and it's just like Apple is like and like yeah, that's sickens people. And like I'm not trying to tell you like cuz we'll talk about in a second about how like what politics is like the game of it and like perceptions is up and like it doesn't do you any like there's a war and a lot of this is personality based on your what you choose to do. A lot of it is just based on like I mean sorry, so it's like how just study this which I mean they could be wrong. Well, I hate when people look we've started different. Well, I know but like point is it seems viable seems it seems like, you know the certainty To it and you people are inherently like more prone to be compassionate and like, you know, take care of people and they're you know, and they're like they lean, you know left and the people who are more like, you know aggressive and more like, you know, get shit done and make money and more ambitious. Yeah. They lean right? It's just like it's a way it's kind of way. We're programmed and you need both people you need both sides. You can you need it can't all just be people, you know feeling bad for each other and like hugging each other and like, you know, making sure the potluck you need some people driving the economy, you know, if especially if you're going to have social if you're gonna have a huge social safety net you need people who are like, you know, don't take shit and just fucking make a ton of money and he attacks them if that's your plan like this. What if If it works, it's Bernice thing works, which I don't know if he got past and it cost 30 trillion, but it's offset by taxing all these billionaires. I mean you could you could argue that they're fucking they were rich kids and earn their money A lot of them have ambition and they they make money and if the money is faking always and the way they make money or maybe fake but you got that that's your only choice for tag, you know to get his health care is to tax them. Well what happens if They stopped being billionaire. They stop being a bitch. You need these people and these people to be kind of on board. And so it doesn't do any good to be crying in the street cause that's gonna like make a person like that as much as you get sick and by hearing Trump talk and being like a dog whistle e racist sometimes actually racist often actually raised as whatever like this many many things which you're entitled to be offended by Trump doing and saying as much as that sickens you people are sickened by A the type of reactions that you see I mean because those little Trump's, you know, I've see I see you could say it's not legitimate doesn't matter because they're gonna vote they get to vote, you know, and so it doesn't matter if it's legitimate. It's the sort of urgency to it. It's definitely look, you know, they don't really like trauma to hear but they can't get behind. I mean a lot of its identity they can identify with people who are just crying over this and hear you argue. Oh You know wewe this affects me I mean, yeah, we look the most vulnerable people though. I'm not the ones I see crying. Oh, I was just, you know, privileged white women and privilege, you know, and also men, he's Brooklyn kids. He's rich kids these fucking it's not the people who were like really like they're mad and and therefore said, but they weren't the ones you see like Telegraph crying or always he's cow like people who are not really on the front lines of getting sick. Over by this and you could say oh being empathetic will stop because it's hurting the cause because you know, it's not I don't know. What is that attracting anyone it's not helping anything and makes people just kind of repulsed by it like, you know, and should they be doesn't matter because that's the thing. That's the real problem with Bernie and like it'll keep some very welcome win. And I like the guy he doesn't have like a Steve Banning type. Who yeah, what's that? He's evil but like a guy who is strategy and tactics and like bang There was a little bit of a crazy man smart smart guy, but kind of a like em, but there's also like you know the whole Position of like a architect of an election right? Like the carville's the James carville's in the I guess Paul begala the George Stephanopoulos is that the the tacticians like power that I never got into politics? I was never that. I'm interested in doing it. I always felt it was like a cheap just like the same reason. I don't want to be like, you know working the Fortune 500 company. It just feels weirdly evil or yeah, I guess the biggest the best thing is just an evil thing to do to be part of how again like you just don't turn them. So maybe I'm wrong but the point is those are people who thrive on the people who like are able to analyze this stuff. on a really like the math of it is very complicated and the the people who were like really good at this I used to love respect. I still have respect for them. But I mean it's not all from them because like they're keeping so many balls in the air and there's and and like when you hear them talk there's all these permutations and Greg's if you go listen to like Rick book 100 times the road Fear and Loathing on the campaign Trail 72 about the Nixon McGovern election, and there's two different chapters about the conventions and the one about the Democratic Convention is Might be you know, pretty pertinent in this scenario if we get to a contested convention, but it's Thompson talking to I think Frank winter. I love to see a guy whoever the fucking I think was the main, you know, McGovern's like main guy and it's just like is really just like intense long diatribe about like won the first battle of this happens, and we moved to you know, these people I can't recount it all because it's always very my new my new show and like and drawing of probably an ad War really right. It's Oh, it's just a little more enthralling and just like this is crazy. And it's like, you know, it's just all these different like, you know, well this happens this happens. It happens that happened. We do this we do this like chess games going on and that's what politics is like at the end of the day. This is something you see these Bernie people they seem to be under the impression that like politics is about what people need and that's how you win which is never really been true Americans have never really voted in their own interest or acted in their own interest many of us many many many of us are fat many many many of us smoke and we actively you know, go swimming cancer pools. We don't take care of ourselves. We don't look at the future. We don't We don't care about what we can remember warming what we don't you know, like we're not in acting in our self-interest ever. Most of what we do is driven by like our AIDS or whatever. I mean like, you know people laughed at Freud they laugh but I was growing up there seemed to be this kind of least in the media. I consumed and what Good Will Hunting there was like a he should run for a little bit because it cocaine and I met but I feel like there's other references around were like I had to perceptions a young Younger like a teenager like oh Freud was like the early psychologist but like there's all debunked and like now I do more modern stuff, but then you get older because I did and you learn that like all this stuff like oh everyone wants to fuck your mother and oedipal complex shit and like, you know, all this stuff about like a cigar the cigar without, you know, what's this represent and like you think is what we're dreams and it gets a horse shit and you realize that like his nephew Edward Bernays who many of you are probably familiar. With Edward Bernays is the base of the father of the public relations industry whose Freud's nephew. And basically he took Freud's all his research and his theories. He went to America and he started the public relations industry and it worked really well at mind controlling people. I mean, he wrote a book called propaganda, which I leave enough. It was a less, you know bad were loaded word of the time. It's just called propaganda. I think even then it was a little like edgy like yeah. Remind me to call it like, you know, can you you would think they'd call it something like oh reaching consensus amongst consumers not propaganda how to fuck people and it's like yeah that works. These things are all were were driven by he's like fucking impulses. He's is he's whatever. I'm an expert on Freud. Yeah. I know a little bit reference from Carl Jung to and whatever point is but this is like we're not as sophisticated as people like to pretend and this stuff works and the burning my migrant burning people's they just tend You just feel like every day respond to everything with like because people give them shit about being too mean which look is that like a bitch move to like, you know complain about sure like, you know, I'm not gonna sit there and like, you know, because gently, you know, Jan the warrant supporter got offended because Bernie's, you know being too loud no fuck them. But like maybe don't respond to her and like don't respond to everything and don't be so vocal. This is common. So yeah, we're all growing. I mean some of you were younger than me, but I believe it seems to be common sense that you know, the you wouldn't you wouldn't talk shit has business to we don't talk shit about your competitor. It doesn't look good. I never agreed with that per se I never liked so I get the instinct to like ignore that because I was like why not me me. I'd respond to someone should learn their competitor, but people don't I guess I'm not one of People so I but I've I know that I know that my taste or weird an esoteric and like I like I mean, I like things that are boring in my new shuns. I'm telling you about something other times. It's great. But I'm talking about this fucking chapters all my it's just so fucking Baltimore with details. It's like it's not sexy. It's not fun. That's why I like I like Michael Clayton. I like I like weird. I show Rubicon. I mean like I like weird shit, but I know most most people don't and I'm a weird outlier and like you shouldn't lead. When will I want I don't know who these Mass people are per se who are like who are the ones who like you gotta you know respond like treat with kid gloves and do all the stuff that like policy like tactical wonks and campaigns did before and still do but they're there. I mean it's self-evident and I mean like Bernie is authentic and he comes off that way and I think most people are some people like you said like you're complaining but he's too loud it's like fuck off I remind me of my abusive dad like you're being a pig stop it but people look you're not everyone's on Twitter but when a is even more the point because my people like the people who are on Twitter or like most people aren't usually on it so when they do a lot on they see these like just very it's very smog in the serve it and like it's just Is the thing I know enough to know. I know some of these people like from Comedy or whatever. I know they're like, you know, they're not dumb but they're kind of dumb. I know they're not really they're acting like they're fucking researching this stuff and like they have data and I know they don't at all can have their ass and they make this shit up and like the way to dismiss things and the way they just kind of like shouldn't be it's just not is it a reason? No, but the point is it's reflective of you need a certain level of He's going to sell it better. You gotta sell the whole thing better. It's like a human. You may not get it this time. But the idea that like, oh, we're just gonna like, you know virtue our way to and let me brush your signal in this case. We're like, we're right. So therefore people should agree with what we got to do is explain to them were given them health care and like the people are dumb. Some people aren't you too dumb to be governed do I agree? I try not to but sometimes it's hard to not agree with that because the they'll vote against their interest every time. Remember, I mean it's a skill politics is a skill. And I was a lot of math involved and again and these people are just like depressed. They're just losing their minds about, you know, the fact that like Biden's got some momentum. I mean, you know, he's gonna fuck him like blow it probably I mean not bully election per se but I mean, there's a good chance he's gonna say some real dumb shits Gonna Catch Fire like Leon that like, I mean plan for that like and and don't you you can trust you don't have to like tweet ever like not everyone not everyone to be an army of tweeters tweeting like this guy sucks that guy sucks it's like do it more like under the table what are you doing like stop giving the game away because like it's not people who like them they don't need that and like no one's ever turned like no one's convinced when you like excuse me no one's convinced by anything really people don't usually convinced I don't know how much or any of this like this course changes anything so most of what you're doing is just telegraphing annoyances to people and just pissing them off and making them and like should they be grown-ups about it and like oh should warn supporters like you know I mean look I watch some fucking idiot on Twitter yesterday going like you know people just assume more to drop out now and but we're saying we should endorse you know Bernie but like you're doing nothing to her Obvious and to convince us. He's the right like I don't have much more information you need like I don't know what you want. I won't be lobbied. This is the problem. I don't want this the indulge everyone's indulgent. There's self-indulgent like yeah and like in that case. Yeah. They're War everyone's awful but not everyone but the other side's awful too, but they have the establishment behind them. They have the CIA who killed people and and spread lies. And everything you can think of they have the media they have business backing, you know, these candles. Oh, you know, they do it doesn't matter because they have like this their media is not going to amplify it and your Twitter accounts not reaching everyone. So again, I like Joe Biden. I think it's nice guy. But yeah, I'm not gonna sweat it that much if he gets elected and then just starts, you know, like what would the first thing he would do he'd probably just start masturbating. I said you just seems clich. You might sort like cutting himself. He might be coming like a cutter and sort of like, you know and start like a becoming a punk like a punk 13 year old girl like, you know, and just who knows. I mean, he might he might he might become a republican I mean the guy's a maniac I mean it's a real crapshoot but you know it's fun well there's if we get them we got them but as they also like stop losing burn he's probably not getting much like and like people are making this case but it's like as if an active case but the problem is like I must say now if people are trying to pitch that is like woke vote frankly probably not going to get it done anyway I'm not saying that I'm saying is like you people losing their mine's about the situation it's like reality is until you get more people in Congress and the Senate and like start like really changing the whole texture of the of the voting public more it's yeah so they'll put pressure on like their districts or you know Congressional representatives and shit you reality is you know like the odds of him getting you know as Medicare ship passing are not great so what is what we lose you lose the first fight you know it's fucking it feels don't have movie each other and I would just fucking start quoting her Brooks just because of the great mean there's my would say these fucking burning kids if I was actually on the campaign because come out like because yeah I go he's gonna win like it's everyone else's job to like declare you dead like why are you guys doing it to each other just gonna you know I mentioned Soviet hockey team before there was a great herb Brooks was the code is a Miracle on Ice you know the fucking they made a movie Cool about it was a documentary on HBO. Do you believe in miracles? Great both great her Brooks who was in the movie was played by a falcon Kurt Russell, but the scene wasn't movie. They beat the Soviets and the Soviets were like this military team in the Olympics, you know, but they didn't read are basically members of the military. That's why you were able to be amateurs. But you know, you guys were like 40 or so or like 35, you're like, yeah Big Jack guys in their Prime like fighting and they're from Russia and Soviet Union, so they have like, you know a leak Hockey players. It's like basketball in America is like fucking so, you know, there were a juggernaut and four year. They won. I mean, I'm I forget how many, you know Olympics in a row they won but long story short her Brooks organizes team and are all college kids and they beat the Russians eventually and the there's a partly on the beat its and that's the big the big chunk of it is that but in the part of the documentary to go everyone forgets they have to play Finland afterwards and they lost Finland they weren't there when you get not only that goal they wouldn't get anything and her like it whole thing in the Soviet game where like right before the game Brooks goes into the locker room and tells them you know he's not coming Speech about, you know, it's like a pair of it. But this is your time. Not their time. It's your time. You were necessary because somebody always like really like, you know powerful like Liam sports movie shit, but you know, it's important. The players is what he said and the camel amped up. It was nice it was and they beat this, you know, they were used on the door with anyone when it came to the next game. Could they did it they beat the Russians know what they beat the Soviets they don't feel good. Do they play Finland now and now so now I didn't even get gold if they lose this game. So just goes in the locker room right before the game and this time his walks in it goes if you lose this game, you'll take it to your fucking grave. They stopped we walk you walk. The footsteps stopped turned around. Yeah fucking grave. That's what these people need need. Someone like that. Thank you guys so much. It's been great. I want to plug a few things March 12 13 and 14 three days in a row. I will be Tim Dylan is headlining Caroline's the great Tim Dylan. I will be joining him for all five shows at the end of the show. We're going to do like a mini podcast a lot many live podcast after each show. So definitely I mean, Tim stand up is amazing and this will be a lot in the pocket is going to be great you know you guys know what's going on there's definitely definitely go that if you're in New York or anywhere near New York it seems in La now so it's not not going to be seeing them you know locally you know you might be used to seeing him at the stand all the time or wherever but you know this is you know is until a most of the time and it's headlines he's got a fucking weekends he's got a tour going on and he spoke the whole year I mean While most weekends so like he's not he's not really popping in at all the clubs in New York as much as you know so this is this is a shot to see you know this is it for the party this year so definitely you know get tickets it's selling out quick March 12 13 14 go Carolina's.com or you go Tim Dylan these are calm we're also doing a I'm going to LA with for a live podcast is part of the Netflix is a joke Festival they have Netflix started Comedy Festival and let me see what this is how I get my tag things have a good for tagged thing let's go Tim's page it's a May something let's see I think so much wear but basically go you gotta go that to it's a it's going to be part of the network as your competition will live podcast but the fun and I'm tagged in this he just gave him the date. So if you're in La it's going to be at The Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles Saturday, May 2nd 10 p.m. Presale tickets available on March 3rd. So it should be now at 10 a.m. Pacific Time. Follow Netflix. Good Netflix is Netflix is a joke.com for those so check those out also the patreon for comp is active. The first episode went out Monday. so get it on this this is going to be this is great we have two tiers the $5 tier gets you the weekly extra episode those are $20 tier 4 different names are not be able to comp but basically that's going to be you get that plus we do another episode once a month I believe person would be you know this is all you can see if you're watching the video on YouTube or whatever you can see I'm yeah I'm things are evolving I mean you know it's been a big difference between this week and last speak on the video I think so what did something like I'm not gonna be too humble I mean looks a lot better I mean last week was fine this is better looks better so I'm always I'm rapping shit up we're making content that we're putting videos on there all sorts it mean when I asked it again just much like Joe Biden I gotta stay busy else I lose my brain so definitely go that patreon follow me on Twitter Instagram a tray comp listen to our love is disgusting the pockets I did with Lucy Steiner which is hilarious podcast recording in the same studio and that comes out every Sunday the comps are they all those disgusting Sunday and Monday is the patreon comp so you can have a whole you can have us in your me and Lucy in your life and different variations I mean we can even do I I could basically you know objects whatever these people only fans do I'm not going to sex stuff per se but yeah I can give you I'm not getting my panties but maybe I'll sell people my socks or something if you if you need to be connected to the company universe so so definitely check all that out and yeah just you know subscribe to us on YouTube and all sorts of yeah even if your usual is on the pocket subscribe on YouTube and please and going like to be subscribe there like don't do all this stuff is this stuff matters and it cost you nothing it costs you nothing and it gives me everything I'll be in a guillotine the year I can't get this going those Bernie Bros will tack it will just straight me so I need your help so just yeah little things you know from you know patreon appreciate it but now I just just rate review what subscribe we're just keep listening yeah I'm not really I'm not that greedy if you just keep listening that's the that's pistol great so thanks so much I will see you if you're on the patreon I'll see you in a couple days if not we'll see you next week