It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one place and it is the best platform to create.any type of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey. It's a fact that we have to get somebody. Let's get a change to the league like Christian McCaffrey did white guys can run to I'm pretty sure they just gonna pick another know if we got the guy that ran like a what was it before eight five? There's no not him. That's better. What are you running for? Nine five five five one still has three 376 pounds. I think they're going to Three he knows like 373 Brown. I would be okay with that. He's so good. He's good. But if you take a detox, oh, yeah, but we'd take him not signed back Gerald McCoy. And then that's a lot of cap room right there. Pick up Cory Littleton in the why? Why not? Why wouldn't you come on the Packers? Why would he go to the pack? hers, sir contender Are they need all they need is some some pasty hugs? What do you think about Aaron Rodgers? I think Aaron Rodgers is a fucking goat and I think that he's getting yeah well in the past but like oh you think he's 4 years 4 years. How old is Aaron Rodgers? Yeah, that's a lot. That's very old. I think I think he's got a couple years left in the tank. But he has more years left in cam quality or is left. We don't know if Cam has quality years later. I think cams quality is have been gone for a few years. Hmm. He's been hurt. He's been hurt he's done. I don't think he's done stuff. Matt rule says his Focus. His best football is in front of him. What do you have to say about that? I think Matt will had to say that. Is paid 60 million dollars that he hadn't really not much choice because he's not gonna say his best footballs behind him. Yeah, but the Panthers still are gonna fall out the season we're gonna do so much better than last season. If they can keep it together I say but like six into it. I saw something today that said interesting opinion Panthers should trade McCaffrey because they are not close to being a contender and need to rebuild a running back is very replaceable and they would get a lot for McCaffrey. I hate you very true. But like when she said Panthers trade McCaffrey, my heart sank, I could not but dude like heat McCaffrey and with seven games. No, we're gonna win like 10 games. Oh my god, dude. We are you're gonna cry when they went six to eight game. Yeah, right if we get if we get a person that can manage a game and let Christian McCaffrey do his thing at all. We will win we will win. Ten games see it we're going to win the we're going to get in either wild card or if the Saints shit the bed the season. Yeah, right. What are you doing? Oh, yeah, right curious isn't may be thinking elsewhere thinking about retirement. And then we heart's not in it. Drew Brees wants to win an MVP. Yeah fucking right with Lamar and in my homes and McCaffrey and League. No, no, no, sir. Do it what injuries more than capable of winning a MVP at 30 something. Yeah. No, I think Breeze bounces back those 45.8 30s. Those are 5,000 next year 5,000 we throw for this year 4000 by 4200. He's done for 5,000 more than any quarterback in history have well. Yeah, but he's also been he's been really good for a really long time. Um, what do you think about the upcoming quarterbacks big such a big class this year for quarterbacks my hot day to as the fourth best quarterback forth. Yes Bhai think I think Joe Burrows one. I think Bros. Well, well beyond all of them and I think Herbert and Jordan love are really close and I think too as a little bit behind love and Herbert. Yeah. I watched Herbert throw deep ball. The combine and I liked what I saw. Yeah. Well Herbert was also a pussy. He's a pussy his 40, but he's a pussy in the for six range, but he's still a pussy. You can't change that is 236 what? He's 6 to 36. Yeah, but you know certain people that are yeah, he's a 6-5 something something big and pussies. He's bitch but he is such a bitch. No, he doesn't do like a when he takes acts. It's a bitch. Yeah. If you don't know, it's a bitches listen to Chris D'Elia. Turn my podcast off right now and listen to Chris D'Elia. But I think it's Joe burrow to uh, Jordan love and then Jacob Eason. Oh, yeah, right. Jacob Eason is better than Herbert. No, he's not. He's gonna do more than trigger. Eason clearly sucks. Hmm. He was throwing really well. Yeah, you can throw but he's mental processing is so far behind like he couldn't even couldn't even start over Jake from and shake from is own. Oh, yeah, sorry. What about Jake from Jake Phelps fourth? He's I love Thai Jake promise. Not good. I think dude. If we if the Panthers get him in the second round big deal. It's Kyle. All right, he's not whoa. Whoa, it's Kyle Allen. Did you see what Kyle Allen did this season? You think that's what Jake from saving you have tiny hands. Oh, yeah, you're on that bandwagon. Tiny hands. Well, I mean tiny hands if you can ball you can ball your hands don't like that it matters because like if you're holding on to a ball and you big D enter you are the same person that said Kyle Allen sucked because he had died. No, no, he sucks it at this right you didn't let me finish if you're holding the ball and and a defensive lineman smacks it out of your hand. That's when tiny hands come into play. He fumbled four times in the first two games. Yes, and you hated his guts and I hated him but he also threw two touchdowns and it made up for it and we were to a now so I Give a shit overs lose games. Yeah, but and when you're weak when you can throw touch on some make up for it. It's it's a if you win games you win games. And when you have McCaffrey on your team, it's not that hard to win games. Well, I mean if you're gonna draft a guy that's the same problems as the guy you hated. It doesn't have the same problems. Kyle own is a pussy. We're not tracking. We're not traveling a Herbert. Kyle owns a baby back bitch you'd like he throws a pic and like they're like, oh, he's never bothered. He's calm cool and collected and he's sitting there with a pouty face looking like a fucking bitch. Did you see Jake problems combine? It was not that great is no arm. He's a smart guy and you're hungry though honor. I watched everyone I watched Brian lorikeet throw a dig and it looked better than Jake from Brian. The war Ryan lower key is dog shit. There was this I don't know how he was invited the ivy league. I threw an ice ball he was With every time he came up there like Oh The Ivy Leaguer The Ivy Leaguer. He's a from whatever schoolwork Princeton Princeton out of Princeton The Ivy Leaguer every single time. You came up to throw talking about his GPA and shit like we get it he's smart but like he was probably so pissed. They're not like, oh this guy throws a nice ball does a nice Ball, but you know what, he does a way better sat. The SAT is SAT scores were amazing is by Gabe. If I killed on the Wonderlic. Yeah, there's like shit a fucking ass. Was it Kelly Bryant? Yeah, dude, he was so bad. He looked he threw like three passes way over the guy's head on a comeback route. It was so bad like Brian lorikeet. I saw that guy played Michigan State fucking liability. Like he's the worst player on that flight was terrible. He was really bad. He invited the combine and then people like Bryce Perkins from Virginian don't get invited rights Perkins was good. Yeah, he made. Junior ranked team and Brian lower key I blame for this fall of Michigan State you serious? How many years is playing? He was a three-year starter? Oh really? So yeah, it says and they fucking fell off there so bad, but I don't think who wants to go to Michigan State dude, I think as you can see his feet legit, I would not want to go to Michigan State. I'll get Michigan State. I would not that would suck. I used to be better than Michigan. I would rather go to Michigan. No Michigan's way cooler than Michigan State and she can sucks. Fuck Michigan. I kinda I like them a little bit. It's just cool turning on the TV and seeing a Michigan game. No, it's not. Yeah. It's a clash of called football know that what's what's your if you turned on a game that's not a Notre Dame game. What do you know to name is in classic college football? Yeah it is but like what are you looking like? What's a classic college football game? That's not a Notre Dame game. Two teams that you're like, oh yeah Bama Auburn. Yeah Bama Auburn. How about USC Penn State or USC? Like that would play Florida. I think Penn State and Ohio State is very classic, Ohio State, Michigan State, Michigan Course, Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan, Michigan State's pretty good. The you and Florida State. Yeah. So use the older use coming back. That's a fact that Ed Reed Edie read boy the best safety you ever seen what why is that? Why is that a fact they fucking suck dude? What are you talking about? They ever since he's came. They've had like four four-star recruit scum and one five star Florida State still gets top recruits. And so they sell stocks are so does mine. No not They had to or they had three quarterbacks that were equally equally shit that they would just rotating Harry and and Rozier or yeah. Yeah. Yeah, there's your sucked dude, and then they put take my towel in there and he obviously couldn't do anything. But do you think Chase Claypool is going to go up because of what he did? Yeah, dude, he was a freak the the wide receivers were so Self so much better than the corners this year fucking deep class like yeah, I wanna see obviously Judy and so um in Higgins that input that you put those two in that conversation Judy and CDO to best. Well. Yeah, I far today are the only ones if I'm I want you jumping know if I have a first-round pick and I want to take receiver you either take CD or Judy. Or wait till the second and third round because there are eight other guys that are very good receivers and you don't have to waste the first round pick Lavista. The vistas was I saw a rankings. He was a seventh ranked. And any other user first round that yeah, so like if you're the Cardinals you have pick eight. I can see him in the Panthers uniform need a receiver obviously because you know, you got fits and Cristian Kirk and that's it. It's old but you also need a lineman. So why not take Tristan Worf's wait till the second round. You've good second round pick and then take like chennault D Higgins. Who else? Was it KJ Handler last dude from Penn State? Oh, yeah, is it burner? He didn't run at the combine but here's guys were to nine in the spring. That's the new wave of those little tiny fast guys. They get open in the west coast like spread offense and and they hide behind those linebackers acting I can write it and like it's where those linebackers are getting bigger faster to like Isaiah Simmons running the four three nine. That's nuts. Yeah, they like kiwane Alexander was the fast line backer and he was not running a four three nine. Now like there, I don't know if you play safety or linebacker, but guys like that are going to be you're going to be drafted way higher because all these Latin Cole Hardman Tyreke a lot easier when he was running pretty Samuel he ran like what four three eight who she's here. No fucking way to Fourth now he did he was ridiculously fast. And it was crazy watching that dude. Just insane Ally because he was faster than any running back. I do, you know, it scares me is these guys like Henry rugs and that guy Gertie the DB say 0 to 4 3-6 Jesus Christ. He's a freak soda. That's how bad is insane. That's unheard of dude. He's Wow, but um, like Henry rugs and Gurdy those guys running like four four twos the linemen this year are not that far behind them. That's more impressive. It's more impressive those guys, like look you see those guys in your wow, they are fast, but those big fucking boys who have a hundred plus pounds more on them. They're right behind them defend. He's not running a stop. But hell, no, dude. Hell no, these guys are like people like miles Garrett like r66 to 80 runs before six. He's point. He's point four seconds at the most behind behind the fastest guy in the league. Okay. Well, that's good. Yeah, but okay, but he is also to 80s a muscle. Yeah, but he's also 280 like yeah. and 6/6 but those fat boys like I'm pretty sure Derek Brown and okay time. It's his time. He's just he's just like I mean if your nose tackle, what's the point of being fast? Like the 10-yard splits what you need it. Yeah, you have to have a good time split and like I would say that the 5 10 5 and the 3 cone drill more important for a d-tackle than 40 because you can move that's true lateral lateral lateral movements and quick steps are key for the D tackles, like especially with those like you stutter step moves. They're doing from are learning from Aaron Donald. You know, it's a good drill for the DNS. The best drill is the who Oops. Well, it's where you put two hula hoops like side by side and then you start at the top of one and it's not regular who Loops are a lot bigger in there's towels at the bottom of each one and you have to run around it and stay sharp the whole time and pick up the towel like you're going around a left tackle and ripping Liana through it's the perfect drill to see if they have that like off the edge quickness that Bradley chub. Um, Nick Bosa like Janna Paris. Yeah. It's so fucking love you gets lucky. If you get low those big-ass tackles are not going to come down there and get you. Well not if you're that athletic the one James Harrison was doing it 10 years ago. The tackles were fat and slow now offensive tackles are athletes. Yeah, but now the d-ends are more way better athlete everybody's evolving by the time we're 50 years old. We're going to be watching superheroes play football. Yeah, it's going to be a punch. It's gonna be insane like LeBrons. Yeah, exactly. I cannot wait to see a LeBron type player like play basketball and then halfway through like pull a Jordan. Fuck it. I'm playing football. Like that would be nuts LeBron was as a sophomore led the nation in receiving yards and receiving touchdowns. He broke his hand in a game and played with only his left or right. I'm not sure what it was for an entire second half and scored two touchdowns. He's like those guys are just so much better athletes. And anybody else. It was your other hand though. Doesn't matter. Did you use both hands to do to do your thing notice that the kids are snap that separate separate literally lit. Take your hand off of you. Catch a long stop. Okay. I was funny too. I thought you were going to drop the shit out of that. Yeah, well, my pot was taken for a touchdown. That was so funny. Dude. You got rocked at the end of that. Well here and explain that story. We're playing Clark Phillips La Habra in a playoff game and Clark Phillips is going to Utah really really good corner and he's gonna host a Time sounds sounds cool and no Utah's the next up if you know college football, you know, Utah's next up. Okay. Well anyways highest recruit to ever signed the Utah. It's returning my button and I was specifically told please don't bunt towards him. DeSean Jackson situation kid was too good. Yeah, and I wasn't very good punter because I don't bother he's a quarterback. So of course I'm pot goes straight to him straight in the fucking chest didn't even move you did it was one of your better punts and like if you were trying to do a regular pun, you did a great job. Jobs, but not for what the situation was the so there was a five-star but while putting adding from the goal line and I hit him straight in the fucking chest. I'm watching this dude. Just weave around my whole fucking team just just dogging everybody and then he's coming straight at me right at the goal line with a blocker and I'm just like, you know, I don't I just broke my hand up my whole ass hand trying to like act like I'm gonna tackle him like show a little effort but like I knew like Whatever he's going to score. So I was trying to show like, you know, like run over there and act like I'm tackling a but knock it trucked and not actually try to tackle him and he just kind of shoved me off of him into his lead blocker to sleep Locker just in Waukee is Lee blocker was not a regular person. This was also a very big deal I made blocker was to 60D and that also was the guy guy that broke my hand dude Clark Phillips. Like you can tell the difference between high school athletes and athletes. Yes. He so he would go through the line and he would have one gear and it would be like, oh, yeah, that's like a normal high school kid. He's fast. He's good. He's got vision and then he kicks it into a second gear out of nowhere and just burns everybody. He absolutely destroyed us on those kick-out. He scored two or he had to return to one on a pump. Jesus dude, he did everything he like in Nick MO is fast Nick vo was keeping up with him, but he still burnt him like that that impressed me because Nick is the fastest guy on our team pretty much. No really. It's not really our Olympic. I think he's been on a podcast. I'm not sure but we have a friend who's going to the Olympics. Hopefully he better so we can it'll be the it'll be the LA one if he got kids a fucking poser you things he's Magnums shut up. He's not he's not fooling anyone those Magnums, but it really just got ranked. His 40 time got ranked like 10th in the nation for all age groups of people actually think that you're gonna LSU who Tyrell Braden got a letter in the mail for LSU just to go to school like those letters that everybody gets they like, it's just they send it out to mass amount of people and I posted on my story. Oh, no, dude. Oh somebody screenshot it all those you. Yeah, um, but it was like just one of those regular envelopes to to see like that or to see if you had interest in their school and I posted a picture of it and said things are about to change hashtag first offer and 46 out of the 46 people on my private story swiped up and were like, oh my God for real. For real? Congratulations some of them. I don't know why I did this but some of them I just told them that it was a joke. And then some of them I lied to I told every single person has real I cannot wait. I think I might post it on Twitter and tag LSU and see what do what if they played along with it. They were like, oh not that would be so funny because that probably happens all the time know it. Oh, yeah, but they're not gonna like what is he like Just just glad to have you something like that. Like just something super simple. Not that they would ever do it. But if they didn't reply the scholarships are applied commitments or committed. I'll just say I'm committed you can't go out like that and I want like in the movie. I committed to trying to go there I committed to trying out dude. That would be so good. If I committed to trying out for LSU, fuck I gotta do it. There was this little Asian to get a little packet that bloodline. I don't remember his name, but he followed me on Instagram a while ago played Pop Warner like He's probably in like 7th or 8th grade. Okay, go so this kid Thai and seventh or eighth grade now. Yeah, wait, sorry we had to cut it because we'll Wills dumbass called me. Yeah, so now okay going. Yeah, your fat friend used to be fat is that survival? But this is actually fat and he was a little popcorn and kid little bucking chalk. You shocked. And he was he fat or chunk he was he was okay. He's fat but be nice I was gonna catch softball some large Saturday Be Live status. All right, it was like like sixth grade. Well, right. Yes your Peak. Our sixth grade all sides of good now and I DM the kid like hey you committed to Boise State and he's like, yeah, that's my favorite football team. Oh God. I was right away. He won't I was right away. You were like all this kid just loves boy these days. I'm like, oh my God, it's good. Such a Lurch. So I don't have like will be committed means and he said, oh, yeah. No, they did not give me a scholarship and I was like, he just you should say probably put Boise State football fan instead of or Boise Boise State like future Commander like something a because he's in fifth grade. It's not weird if he's like future like if you just call shot. We're like you calling you shot but there's a little kid. Yeah Amy go for your little kid. If you're a senior and you say future Alabama committed and you got a problem. You see what I put on my story. Yeah. Them to me up Alabama football. Yeah, cause you got freaking MIT shouting you I don't know that was the sports recruits one the sport secretes one. They posted a picture of just my ass and then and then and then this kid in the background he's going to Tennessee I was going against but it basically just my ass and I commented I was like, oh you just must have forgotten to tag me. It's a proc for sale May but I got distracted two hours later. We I think we were out what But I like when somebody's like dude you got tagged. Yeah, look on my phone and it's like you got tagged a post by Sports recruits. I was like, um, yeah, so I just post it right on my story and said hit me up at Alabama football. Yeah. My next one is going to be like I should have done it for this one. If it was me doing something cool. Like I would have if it was me like beating a kid and one-on-ones. I would post it on my story and tag Nick Saban and just put your move at Nick Saban. Yeah, I did. I did my shit your move. That's the balls in your court. Yeah, there you go. He wants me. Well, we got to stop talking about football now caswell's here except for high school football. Oh, yeah. I want to talk about high school football knows a lot about high school football. Oh, yeah. I know that are fucking coach has got a problem with slip on Vance. I'm walking in the weight room. It is not that anybody's listening this but if you are tell me if you would wear slip on Vans to lift if you combine for a team if you're going to hit the gym by yourself I get it, but if you're playing for a team, you're not wearing slip on Vans to practice. As long as you're fucking grinding harder than almost 90% of the motherfuckers in there. If these dude your eyes are fucking gorgeous. I might have some brand new one. You're worried all white Vans to lifting. We're literally everything is dirty. You see how fucking how hard I'm guarding them. Yeah. What you gonna say about that fucking great. Come on. I don't know if these motherfuckers peace motherfuckers making me pissed at me. Lunges put regular shoes running shoes on you can't wear regular shoes in the not even weight room not even running shoes and just want you to put some shoes and I say fuck it. I should be able to wear whatever I want as long as I'm grinding god. Well if you wear slip-ons, And you look like a retard, dude. Oh, yeah, like this college Scouts come in and like oh, look at that kid in the slip-on Vans. Yeah. Look how much weight. He's pushin shit that you don't do it. If you're addi tackle, you have to be pushing. They definitely pushing fucking wait. Wait, holy shit. You're Kim has got to be gone crazy. Yeah, you have to be pushing like three plates on bench. Yeah. Max probably almost there. What do you want to play now? I've never been good at lifting. I've always been like subpart lifting my arms are long though, like really long and I don't know. It's just I'm not I've never been like, you know how people have that like second gear where they just move. Yeah, if I can go crazy with it push that thing up like like nothing. Well more will lift this whole ass off the yeah. Bro, you gotta use will Scott hit his head on the bench gets the hips working. But dude, like I don't have that extra crazy. Look in my eye like pushing that weight up Ginger Ginger. Yeah, no fucking the podcast is a ginger big red sports. Baby, yeah, that's the new is New Wave. It's all good. We got to be nice to me. They are always blesses us it will you what I was blessed. How weird is that like that? You have red hair know that fucking gingers are frowned upon. Yeah, that's pretty weird. But it's all the South Park episode the South Park episode. I still fucking will die to the video of that fucking fat little buzzed head Ginger crosswhite how ginger's have souls. You know, I'm talking about down to one of the waterfalls in Maui. Doing that. Oh, yeah sire turns around shut the fuck off that Yankee same part of the video ten times. What the fuck off because Sarah's not having her sit ready was in there. Yeah. Everybody was Freddy probably can't even fucking here. Bro. Freddy's the old ass man that when you walk by and you'll feel fucking smack you on the top of the head of his Kings game. He's like that is the most typical old man speaking about the shoes. The other day, I literally wipe out dude. He's never slipped out of the the fucking the most recent time. I went in there without the shoes. Oh my God, he goes I fucking told you, you know don't lift. You're not allowed to lift get the fuck out of you. I don't know. Anyway, yeah, like he's pissed Freddie was actually pity. You never really gets that piston out. He was pissed. I I got pissed. I haven't fucking I'm a gun to the fucking weight room without the shoes on. Yeah once Freddy tells me once Freddie told me was I got the coaches are on your ass for a year and you never listen. Enough talking about wills dumbass shoes and the weight room. I forgot I didn't even introduce him. I forgot. I hadn't had them on the podcast. I thought I would sooner but I did not this is William Wilson. Yes, Willie tell us a fun fact. I think he asked for this. So I guess he has something good. So fun fact is you know, I'm a fucking slob. All right, listen up. I am I got my and you know, I go into this fucking interview HSS Huntington Surf and Sport. Great shop. Hope I really get this is all your fun fact, if you don't listen o the slob is here fun fast. Yeah, that was yeah that one Kobe's working really if you're listening to this, please Kobe Lopez. Give me that job Kobe Bryant. Anyway, she's not faking anything, but good. I couldn't connect you. Can I go back to my fucking story? Yeah. Well, I had you we said Kobe so I had to say rip Kobe. All right go. I love you and he saw mention you I love you puppy. She asked Toby. I love you. Shut the fuck. She asked me. All right. Be honest with me, you know, are you a messy kid and like I'm like I look this bitch dead in the fucking eyes that I go to be completely honest with you. I'm fucking borderline OCD. I literally cannot get him when things are out of place. I am on it 24/7. My mama's fucking purely trainee. I'm like a dog just got off the fucking pound. Yeah. Yeah dogs. You are like a dog your fucking sloppier all over the place and let me tell you. That bitch so fun. Obviously, that's great. No this bitch look me right back in the eyes was like, I did not think you're telling me the truth that no, I don't wear this little corner right on and I said deed is why teacher my black dick easy way t-shirt dude, you did not wear the corduroy jacket. Yeah, dude. Jesus to child. She liked it bro. She fucking loved him. He's always cracking up bro. She fucks with it. I'm getting that job. You better you better get that drunk fucking 21 months. I was like, well, there's some days that I can be a little messy, but for the most part some days you fucking had to buy it a little bit. He dwells got split personalities. Yeah one day's OCD in the next days of fat slob again. Yeah exactly. I got my ups and downs, right? Well glad we introduced will he'll be on the podcast a lot more right well and we're he was even talking about starting his own under big red sports if that's what we're calling and I'm not sure yet. Fuck. Yeah. I'm on that shitting. I think that's what we're going to call. It supports. We're going to end it off with Brayden. Give me your top three combine performers get closer. Well, obviously Claypool Trace Claypool says clay for me being a Notre Dame fan. I love his performance 41-inch vert a theory and a 4-4-2 and I'm pretty sure you put up a good amount on the bench which not surprised. He's a freak. Who was it? Javelin good re Gertie Javelin really good really good really good, really he put up 21 on the bench as a DB which is freakish if you don't know and one as in he's probably not even 225 pounds, it's Javelin also ran a 14-9. Go travel scary fast the name my Javelin you should be run. My name is Jacqueline. I've at least if your name is Javelin, you're either one fact, I crazy person .8 official 40-yard dash. That's Rivals Brayden is the worst quarterback of all time on paper. He is 5/8 145 and he runs a 6/8 40. Oh, yeah, put me down as a 0 star recruit that will literally no you shouldn't even be allowed to call yourself a quarterback. I don't think I can show you my second Fountain Valley standing under Liam. Katawa if you were if you were like If you were like seven, that would be awesome. Yeah. Yeah, you were seven. You did dogs low for a seven-year-old. Is it six eight dude? 40 yards a long fucking way. Imagine. You remember the Mighty Mite. Let's be honest. So what do you think? I actually run if I don't fuck up on the laser four, nine four nine four eight five some but your game speed is a little bit faster the speed by 480 plus white guys. We got game speed. Yeah. he does when universe will show up and not that black people don't ya not that black people don't know they just they have normal speed to yeah, we know they have they have all types of athleticism right third-best combine performer. Whoo. Well, I mean Isaiah Simmons like their goddamn it man. They took I was gonna I was going to say as he was my cool Throne. Okay. Shut up PMT. I love you or three nine. I didn't see his bench because I didn't need to because he's jacked and went to clean his cone his He controls nuts nuts like he's a safety and a linebackers body. Yeah that can play both. And is good at it but I was gonna cool thrown back on that guy fucking icon sold out. He had left he had like a 30-something 36 inch vertical 36.5 what 370 370 and 29-inch hurt. That's pretty good for a White Guy, like that's pretty good. But um this guy 370 and has a 4-inch Earth. Thirty six point five inch vertical that it's crazy with a 5.1 40-yard dash. I don't even see his bench. You don't need to like he's obviously strong all my cool Throne is Joe Borough because he didn't even have to participate in the entire and NFL combine. Why would you dude he just stood there and you're gonna get drafted here. So they're look Majestic if he wanted to he could just pick what team you want to play for. Ya. He honestly if you wanted to but they don't pick me don't pick me. Don't pick me you do that. You could honestly probably we do that and I mean it no but like say to every team but one like if I wanted to play on the Panthers on guarantee you good be so dumb. I don't think me all the time. Okay, pick me second round. Yeah, but have you crazy you just you forever. That's just but your dick such a fucking asshole. Yeah, that's probably why Eli Manning was so goddamn average couldn't do like he can't even get Fame when he wins two Super Bowls. Like now I still can't think of him as an awesome gwizdo carried by David Tennant. The all right. We're getting off taco man. I got to get one more Chase claypool's my to because he was the he was the star of the combine or yeah, Chase click close my to I mean, right Henry rugs is my three or no. No, this was a toss-up between three people Henry rugs. Rodrigo Blankenship and Michael Turk and you probably don't know who read Regal Blankenship and Michael turkey is Michael Turk is a punter who put up 25 reps on bench and sent some Moon shots into the they almost had to take the Dome off Indianapolis so he can hit some real moon shots. He was fucking killing it Michael Turk baby come to the Panthers come home come home. And you know, he's doing some nose beers at ya at ASU. That guy's probably crazy. So go Michael Turk that guy's funny as hell putting up 25 reps on the bench. Robbery. And from the quavo think Rodrigo Blankenship. He's a he's a kicker for Georgia and he has goggles that are like Eve just wears flower goggles for when you're a kicker and you can wear anything you want like he wears the gayest goggles fostering back the 1 bar not the gayest. They're not they're not even gay. They're just like dorky. Yeah, it's not like he's fruity at all. It's just dorky like It's so weird and he take he took a picture with quavo and he said putting a Shaka in there. So so funny dude, quit he put honcho and Blanco in the honcho X Blanco, you know, honcho, you know the quavo honcho Hunter and they call it and they called him he call himself Blanco. That's so so so funny dude, that guy's a troll and he and he hit a 55 Yard shot, which is not that good. Like when you're just kicking it not games type situation like that's decent like every kicker there can probably do that. But he also has last year Tyler do some punter from know who Tyler what Newsome's 1:9 reps on the bench. What? Oh my God, that's gonna be ready. Come on, you really think of me that long to your dumbass I'm saying on a good day. I'm a don't Juice It Up for this to six six reps at 225. That's really good. Actually. I mean, I'm Max fucking two plates and 25. How much would you like if you're benching more than your weight multiple times that's impressive. I can do that movie you weigh two pounds you a fucking. Yeah the bar. It's not but that's my three and my three people that I'd like to see on the not or on the Panthers. That's with the first pick is Isaiah Simmons because he we need a linebacker now Derek Brown because he's a big bear and he'll replace Gerald McCoy and we can get some cap room for Cory Littleton and a quarterback and my last one is Cherry Judy because so I think Jerry Judy's going to be the next Julio Jones don't know you know what you know, what at me at me Brock sale said it Cherry Judy the next Julio Jones, you know see the Lambs are better College receiver playmaker in college when the guys are not as good Jerry Judy, she's beating him with skill. They you know, they would literally play the the Alabama receivers would play Rock Paper Scissors to see who got the big place. They were all like it it was that they were that good. They would literally on the sideline playing rock paper scissors and whoever won got to got the ball Jesus cries. I wish I was that way with me now or what. Do you know they're saying like they switch off like and they're like, okay this drive. I'm going to score the touchdown. Oh my God, that's my I think that's the end of this one. We're going to have more soon Bill be on the podcast more braiding will be on the podcast more. I would deal, you know the deal late row.