Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com Backslash step Annika spelled stepp a nka that's it for us this week, but make sure to come back next week for more 90-day news and follow us on Instagram at 90 day Buzz daily with two eyes on that daily. Have a fantastic weekend. Hey everyone. Thank you so much for tuning in. If you like this, please take a second to listen to a word from our sponsors. Hey afterbuzzers, before we move on we would like to say thanks to our sponsor. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. Plus there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Also anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more plus you can make money from your pocket. No minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. Thank you. We'll see you soon.