This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more shocking sports events from history on our March.Edna special as always you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in defeat as the competition Drew to a close the victors cheered and pump their fists in the air. The loser is comforted each other promising next time. We'll come out on top. The lines weren't drawn between Fans of competing sports teams, the country was split between those who believed football star OJ Simpson was a murderer and those who insisted he was innocent now on Tuesday, February 4th 1997 OJ stood trial a second time this time in Civil Court. Once again, he tried to dodge charges and Rush past prosecutorial traps if he failed it could cost him his home his wealth his reputation everything Welcome to sports criminals a par cast original. This is the 8th episode in our March Madness special this month. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals from 1990 to 2020. I'm Carter Roy and I'm Tim Johnson in today's episode. We're going back to 1997 to explore the civil suit against OJ Simpson for the deaths of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman. Even before he was mired in Scandal OJ Simpson was a household name. He spent 11 years in the NFL in 1973. He became the first player to rush for 2,000 yards in a single season something only seven footballers have ever done in the history of the sport and OJ came agonizingly close to tying his own record falling less than 200 yards short in 1975 that season he scored 16 touchdowns. Downs and secured his reputation as a football God 32 year old OJ retired in 1979, but his star still Shone brightly. He was inducted into the NFL Hall of Fame in 1985 and leveraged his popularity and fame into a lucrative sportscasting gig and movie stardom. But everything changed in the early morning hours of June 13th, 1994 shortly after midnight investigators arrived at the home of OJ's ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson. She was found dead along side her friend Ronald Goldman police immediately focused on OJ, he had a history of domestic abuse and investigators found a suspiciously bloodied glove in close on his estate four days later the Los Angeles Police Department charged OJ with a Homicide but the Superstar couldn't be brought down that easily. He assembled a dream team of lawyers who definitely deflected the prosecution's arguments for the duration of OJ's nine-month trial thanks to their decisive work on October 3rd. 1995. OJ was acquitted of both murder charges roughly a quarter of the country celebrated those who believed he was innocent, but the rest of the nation was convinced he was guilty And that included the families of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman in January 1997. They filed a civil suit against OJ Simpson. They couldn't send him to jail, but they could sue him for all he was worth this trial played out very differently from the first bojay had a new team of attorneys cameras weren't allowed in the courtroom, the plaintiff introduced new evidence including proof that he owned a rare pair of shoes that match the footprints found at the Crime scene, ultimately the jury found in the plaintiffs favor this time and ruled OJ criminally negligent. He was sentenced to pay the victims families thirty three point five million dollars the equivalent of nearly 55 million dollars today the verdict virtually bankrupted him though, even as recently as 2017 the family's claim. They have received only a small percentage of the settlement money. OJ Simpson's to murder hearings were highly publicized and highly. Controversial there's a reason the criminal proceedings were dubbed the trial of the century the car chase leading to his arrest was the 14th most watched event in television history and his verdict was the most viewed with as many as one hundred and forty two million people tuning in as a pro athlete OJ was used to the attention and the Press but these trials were different there wasn't a title or a championship on the line. It was his freedom his reputation. Man is Cash like any football star OJ navigated the field of the courtroom as best. He could escaping criminal charges before he was sacked in the plaintiffs brilliant play. Thanks for listening to sports criminals. March Madness will be back tomorrow with next year's Scandal. You can catch our other episodes of sports criminals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts.