If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things. Trying to get others to do things. You've heard us over the years. We've talked quite a bit about the difference between allowing something and trying to make something happen. You've heard a speaking about the difference between inspiration which is beat finding alignment with the source within you and allowing yourself to be called in the direction of who you are and motivation, which is knowing that you're not where you are where you want to be or who you are and trying to prod yourself in the section of that and while it is not true of all who are participating within religion. It is such a common thing to want so much to experience goodness and to believe so much that goodness resides outside of that behavior or that behavior or that behavior so that you develop patterns lifetime patterns of pushing against what is not wanted to the point that you separate yourself almost completely from who you are and Was that you hear the most from are those that are so often in such disconnected pain not allowing themselves to be who they really are. In other words. There is only a stream of well-being but when you are not allowing yourself alignment with that stream of well-being being on the outside of that that's too strong of words. You can never be but being in a vibration that is disallowing the larger part of your connection to who you are. You are is such an uncomfortable thing that you flail about in many different ways and so much of what you call religion so much of those rules and those pronouncements have been written by those who were in the moment of their writing not inspired from The Source within them those who speak of love those who are talking about upliftment. Those are who are wanting the world to be a better place which includes by the way nearly everyone that you know, they are in a lie. It was source and therefore part of that Vortex calling you toward it. You just have to know that when someone is speaking from their place using words that say love but from an attitude or vibration of fear or of hate, they are not tuned into the vibration of that which is their source and it is such an interesting comparison because there is no one who wants it more than someone who is not having it in the moment if You were to find someone on the street wounded and bleeding. We know you would do your best to help them. But when you find someone spewing hatred especially in the name of God or in the name of good spewing their hatred, it's not so easy for you to feel like you want to help them this and we are wanting you to understand if you could step back into that broad view of the source within you you would love. One in other words when you stand in a place of not loving you are not in alignment with who you are. So you are asking about the angels. Are you asking about the non-physical countenance? Are you asking about that which we are are you who are you talking about? Who are these angels that you are referring to? Well, they would be people like you probably are although I don't have any idea really who you are. But they're I'm good. Yes, they'd be like you and but but the what we get from them is a lot of variations on the theme of well-being and so as as this you talk just now is he won't our maybe all the angels are good angels and this good bad thing is to physical translation that physical because I never hear actually words from Angels always hear them talking through somebody like you like Esther that I don't know who's in charge there totally, you know, everything everything that is non-physical. Is that what you would call Pure positive energy? Okay. And anything that you consider to be bad anything that is pushing against is a physical human interpretation misguided interpretation of same in other words. There is only a stream of well-being there is not a stream that is opposite of the stream of well-being but we understand that when you are not allowing yourself alignment with the stream, it feels bad enough that you are in other words. This is the this is the age-old argument and confusion that has taken place almost from the beginning of man walking this Earth and it goes like this if goodness abounds and if I am good then why does not only good come to me and since I see that I live in contrast and only good does not come to me on not only good that I perceive as good does come to me. Then there must be a source of the Badness that I'm getting and we say there is not a Of the of the getting run over by trucks that is not a source of the disease. There is not a source of the irritating brothers and laws in your face. There is there is not a lesson to be learned. There is not someone orchestrating lessons for you to learn you are not being punished into your alignment. There is only the finding along your physical Trail habits of thought that holds you temporarily outside of this dream of becoming that you are you see, that's all that there is so do you believe in angels? Yeah. We believe in goodness and there is goodness in everything. We see what how can you hear us speaking of the pure positive energy of source and ask if there is something that is non-physical that is different from that from what framework would such a question come from. Or I read it and how would you how we suppose there's a lot of that writing around and and how do you sort out the things that you read to find the truth of it? How do you how do you dissect truth? How do you how do you tell what's true? What's not how do you know you feel it? so so when you are feeling alignment with who you are And that vibrational state of being can you see that which is not good? If you if you are tuned in tapped into the energy that is you if you are really in that vibrational place. Is it possible for you to see something that is apart from that vibration or does your state of being dominate what you see and dominate the the variety that could even come to you. So so then that must mean that someone who is seeing something that they are describing is a fallen angel. Must be outside of the vibration of what they regard to be angel or they could not see it. In other words. You have to be that which you condemn or it cannot be there for you to condemn got it. Isn't that nice to know? Thank you. So some have said well then everything is a mere what comes to me is a mirror version of that which I am and we say not a mere version of that which you are. Premier version of the dominant active vibration within you what this conversation really is about is how do I in my physical human form managed to bring myself into vibrational alignment with the whole of me the whole of me? That's really what we hear you asking. How can I so let's say that I want to be a reverend of a church and let's say that I believe that there are things of right doing and things of wrongdoing and I believe that it is my responsibility to bring this. Congregation of people that I love to the Gates of Heaven to the chorus of angels that I believe that there are angels and devils and I care about these people and I want to bring them to the place where the angels are singing not where the devils are stoking coal. I've read that story you say hi. I've heard about heaven and hell and I care about these people and so I look out amongst them and I see that there are some that are Sinners by the standards of that which which have been written and I can see that they are not keeping. The rules and I care about them keeping the rules because I care about their well-being and the more I see them not keeping the rules the worse. I feel and the worse. I feel the more I read in the more I right and the more I make make rules about the things that they need to do so that they can feel better. And in all of that. There is a spiraling spiraling spiraling out of vibrational alignment with who you are because you cannot in this environment of attraction. In this environment of inclusion where there is no exclusion. You cannot look at that which you are not wanting to experience without activated in your vibration and then surrounding yourself by more of it. And we think that that is a may be simplistic but a pretty accurate description of so much that goes on in so much that is organized religion. There are there is nothing wrong with religion and there is nothing wrong with getting together and there is nothing wrong with contrast. But when you speak love and feel hate you are out of vibrational alignment with who you are when you feel love and speak love you are in vibrational alignment with who you are. Anything that could be considered what you're describing or trying to tease us with about a fallen angel. All that could be is someone in human form who has for whatever reason fixated on something that is holding them temporarily outside of this Vortex of well-being and expansion. Are you beginning to realize that this is who you are and anything outside of that doesn't feel good and and And you feel that some many of the descriptions that you hear from the world are being offered from those who are for whatever reason very well-meaning. But outside of being who they are really wanting to be in other words when you are in vibrational alignment with the source within you everything that radiates from you represents that you say We would not if we could and we can't but we wouldn't we would not for a moment insist that anything that anyone says about anything is wrong because in all of that fervor and in all of that clamoring in an all of that preaching and in all of that demanding and in all of that pointing the right path and an all of that condemning of the wrong path in all of that is powerful Step 1. Going on is powerful sifting through contrast and is powerful expanding and we've got to say to you. We don't know of anyone on the planet that is expanding more rapidly than those that you are speaking of who have this powerful desire for goodness and a belief that they cannot get everyone to go there. In other words. There is a powerful tension that is taking place within them. There is a powerful drama that has taken place. It's almost reached world. Stage there is a fervor of people who are wanting to separate the world who are wanting to pronounce the right ones and the wrong ones who are wanting to rid the world of what's gone wrong who are reaching for this powerful becoming and we're wanting you to understand this is the time of Awakening but it's not happening in the way that they are thinking. It is an individual thing. It's an individual meltdown that's taking place within them. It's not a worldwide meltdown at the same time. There's so many are coming into alignment. I meant with who they are and experiencing what you are calling heaven on Earth. There are others who are propelling themselves into such contrast that they are experiencing hell on Earth, but it's not a global event that you will all experience simultaneously it is when allowing becomes more important as when the energy stream moves faster when you allow you experience Joy Beyond description when you don't allow you experience pain Beyond description you see See, but it's in every case an individual accomplishment. It's never Angels outside of you vying for your souls. It's never God outside of you trying to show you the straight and narrow path and feeling uncomfortable about you not following. It's never about what you are doing wrong. It's only about the value that you are you see. That's why we said we'd love to think of all of you croaking. It is such a delicious experience. When you release your trauma and your struggle and your judgment and your reasons that you hold yourself apart from who you are and you allow yourself to rejoin who you are and this Gathering is about doing it pre croaking this Gathering is about feeling your way into alignment and loving those loving those who mean well who don't get it and not assuming that what you know, Is the only right thing either in other words you came forth in diversity. You did not come forth. Not one of you said we'll all go forth and we'll join Abraham seminars and and we'll teach everybody else about this Law of Attraction stuff and we'll bring those religionists in Into the Light will will help them to discover the error of their ways. Not one of you said that there's nothing wrong with what they're doing let everyone live their life in the way that they are. Choosing and just know that it all turns out fine and feel appreciation for what every one of them even though you may disagree with them contributes to This Magnificent vibrational escrow of which you now have an active part in participating in you see it's all good. It really is now what thank you. If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes.