This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you and I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation. We each have a particular calling. No man or woman on Earth has the same there has never been precisely the same vocation since the world began. It will never be precisely repeated up to the day of Doom no matter what our position in life. Maybe no matter how ordinary our duties may seem no matter how commonplace the aspect of our circumstances we each of us have this Grand secret vocation. We are because he chose it necessary to God he wants us in order to carry out his plans and nobody else will White do instead of us here is our dignity here also is our duty. This is the Deep Fountain of our love. This also is the Deep Fountain of our fear. Our Father who art in heaven Hallowed be your name thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but Deliver Us from Evil. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God. For our sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour, Hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. Grace the Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee. Siddharth almond women blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy Will Jesus holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death amen glory be to the father and to the son and to the Holy Spirit as it was in the beginning is now and ever shall be World Without End Amen Oh my Jesus forgive us our sins. Save us from the fires of Hell lead All Souls to Heaven especially those most in need of thy mercy. We see things most clearly in the rearview mirror in hindsight. We probably won't know our particular calling with the clarity. We desire until the next life. What I want to drive home with you is this even if you don't know what that calling is, you have one and I know what you are thinking. But what is it? What is my particular calling? But we must not drive ourselves mad with the desire to know it and know it perfectly what matters is to know that you have one. You have a particular role you are not random. Except this great news surrender yourself to God seek his will the best you can try to do his will and know that he will give you all of the grace and Inspirations you need for this is what pleases God. This is what makes your father happy. So rejoice in the fact that you are utterly and totally unique. You are not random. You have a place in your father's plan. Just do the best. You can to fulfill it and you make him very pleased. Our Father who art in heaven Hallowed be your name thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven. Yes is stair daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation, but Deliver Us from Evil. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God. Pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour, Our of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. Is the Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art. Art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. Jesus holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen glory be to the father and to the son and to the Holy Spirit as he was meeting us now and ever shall be World Without End Amen Oh my Jesus forgive us our sins. Save us from the fires of Hell lead All Souls to Heaven, especially those most in need of thy mercy at every moment. God is sending Inspirations to help us to know. No, and to fulfill our particular calling. We just need to learn how to listen father favor rights. We are continually receiving special Revelations from God. We live in the midst of Revelations. We are almost always inspired. Not merely now and then but almost always in other words. We are continually receiving what we ordinarily call Inspirations. The problem is There is hardly ever a complete silence in our souls God is Whispering to us well-nigh incessantly whenever the sounds of the world died out in the soul or sink low then we hear these whisperings of God. This is so in variable that we come to believe. He is always whispering to us only that we do not always here because in the hurry noise and distraction which life causes as it rushes on. We can't hear it. However, God is speaking, but the world is ever making us deaf. So we must strain our ears to catch our Inspirations or they will sound like an inarticulate murmur. Even when they are not inaudible all together without an inward life. We have no chance of discerning them. Now our lady wants us to pray the Rosary every day and I'm glad you're listening to this podcast and praying with us. And God does speak to us through this meditation. But we also need to cultivate silence in our lives to hear the voice of God whispering in our ears as Mother Teresa would say in the Silence of the heart God speaks, but we need silence. Our Father who art in heaven Hallowed be your name thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but Deliver Us from Evil. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray. For us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death Death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is With the blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women. Women blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. Jesus holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen glory be to the father and to the son and to the Holy Spirit as it was in the beginning is now and ever shall be World Without End Amen Oh my Jesus. Are you guys sir stand save us from the fires of Hell lead All Souls to Heaven, especially those most in need of thy mercy not only do we need silence to hear and know the voice of God. We also need a spiritual director at East a good spiritual friend Father Faber rights, not infrequently. They require other ears than our own to hear these Inspirations and to know our particular call and very frequently. They require other Minds than our own to understand them. This is part of the necessity of spiritual Direction. We must take someone else into the council's of our inward life to protect God against ourselves to guarantee him as far as maybe against the wrong which self-love is always ready to do to you. So it is pride to rely on oneself. We each need either a spiritual director or a good spiritual friend who has enough knowledge of God the faith and the interior life and who knows enough about us to help us not to deceive ourselves with our own opinions our own disordered views and attachments. So get yourself a spiritual director. Or beg God for this gift of a guide. And he will provide it. Even if he has to send you an angel so st. Francis de Sales. Francis de Sales says that I'll quote it tomorrow. Our Father who art in heaven Hallowed be your name thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not to temptation but Deliver Us from Evil. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us. There's now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death Death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and Cities of fruit of thy womb Jesus holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen glory be to the father and to the son and to the Holy Spirit as it was in the beginning is now and ever shall be World Without End Amen Oh my Jesus our your ass our sins save us from the fires of Hell lead All Souls to Heaven especially those most in need of thy mercy. So we each have a particular calling and Mission in this it is just as important to know what to leave undone as what to do father favor rights, then once more the specialty of God's love teaches us that we must confine and concentrate ourselves. Very determinant lie on our own place in work, which that love has assigned to us. And the matter of God service General ideas and plans are good for nothing. We must come to particulars and we must fasten ourselves on particular 's and rest in them. Then of course it is of the utmost consequence to us that we should fasten on the right particulars. In other words. It is almost of as much importance in the spiritual life to know what to leave undone as to know what to do. In determination has ruined as many good Beginnings as either resistance or negligence. It is well to pause and to think of that. There are lots of good opportunities facing us. We shouldn't just do all the good opportunities. We should do the particular good and only that that God wants us to do. Otherwise, we'll be in danger of missing the particular he wants us to do by running off and doing all the good. But he wanted other people to do. Our Father who art in heaven Hallowed be your name thy kingdom come thy will be done on Earth as it is in heaven give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but Deliver Us from Evil. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us. Sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail, Mary Mary full of grace the Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art. Among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. Jesus holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen Hail Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us. Sinners now and at the hour of our death amen glory be to the father and to the son and to the Holy Spirit as it was in the beginning is now and ever shall be World Without End Amen o my Jesus forgive us our sins save us from the fires of Hell lead All Souls to Heaven especially those most in need of thy mercy say Michael the Archangel defend Us in battle be our protection against the wickedness and snares of the devil. May God rebuke him. We humbly pray and do thou o Prince into the Heavenly Host by the power of God cast into hell Satan and all the evil spirits who prowl throughout the world seeking the ruin of all st. Michael the Archangel defend us against the evil of daylight savings and banish it from our country forever. I hate daylight savings the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. Let's be Apostles of friendship good conversation in the rosary share this with others.