Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you want to share with everyone what you want to keep near and dear to your heart. Hey y'all. Yeah, it's be trouble. Yeah, like Michael said I was on Rocky's for four years. The captain my junior year I've been affiliated with res res 11. And yeah, that's me. He took his team to Nationals. He is currently many times was it I took my team once okay. I went two times. Okay. Shravan was also DJ last year for Ruckus as well as this year. I wasn't saying yeah, so obviously Siobhan has similar. He's in like the same I guess generation. That's a weird term to call it. But generation is us but definitely different perspective on the circuit in general So today, we're going to talk about a whole slew of stuff. It's nothing. It's nothing targeted to certain like specific things. Just kind of General topics. It's about the circuit and a little bit more free form. So let's compacted a more random Target random topic today. So I think we're gonna have fun with this one. We'll see where it goes. Yeah. I don't know shravan and I seem to have a lot of talks about this anyway, so I'm glad that he's finally on our podcast after a lot of I barely barely I basically had to drag him in here being like please be on this with us. Like please everybody drag him and confessions. He really want loves that. Yeah. Yeah, I got some confessions written about me last week. I know oh my gosh. All right. So let's we have a few topics that we wanted to kind of include in this episode. Which droven what's first on your body? Okay. So we have all we've kind of brought this up in previous episodes to I guess shravan would know if he listen to our podcast, but stop spider. But he does it so what a friend. Um, you know, why have you get Dragged In confessions when I can drag you in person lazier face-to-face be for anonymity. That's what this is all about. No filter Okay. So we've talked about this before where Ruckus seems to always get like people seem to point the finger at Ruckus being like Like oh my God production production production. That's why they plays oldest whatever stuff like that. You hear rumors for and like you and I have talked about this too. But what's kind of your whole opinion on this whole big debate about production versus choreo and the importance on one versus the other in a routine and I'd like to factor in the execution aspect to Slick production of this Cory. Oh, yes, obviously the the top umbrella but also execution Is that slide into it? Anybody else want anything audience question? It's just you so yeah, like production obviously was a big part of our success over the past like what five years and I guess like the reason why this like white stemmed or like I started I guess is because when we first place that boss town that was pretty much the first time like I said ever placed outside of town, and like we saw what gave us that placing and it was pretty much our production because we brought something that I compliment you most other teams didn't and so we definitely like road that and I guess like a lot of people got to look down on it for us because like they were like, whoa, they're only getting into Nationals that year and like the next year is because of their production, but it takes time for a team to learn how to perform at the level of some of these Like other more established teams, like it's not like anyone's giving you like a how-to guide on putting together a sruthi know each team learns from other teams on the circuit, you know, making connections with other captains other people on the team's it's a slow process that really understand how to elevate your routine your I think that if you go and look at the choreo and the formations year after year for August, you'll see that they're improved a lot. Yeah, and we're still trying to learn how to ride well with some of these other teams, you know, like I'd say Ruckus has had some success but we definitely are not the place that we want to be as a team. Yeah, and so we still have a lot of room to grow and that doesn't go just for Cory I goes for production also because you see the all these other teams and elevated their products, right? Yeah, like I think production is is growing concurrently with the choreo. I mean you see like a lot of teams are like aren't of the person that comes to my head is like DST circus here last year. Like I mean, they're they're choreo was had some like very unique stuff that you know, I had never seen any other people had are hoping some of their footwork, you know, a lot of their yeah a lot of their focus one really stood out to me last year. So I need like but things like that, you know, like the circuit still evolving as it should be I think production is growing alongside choreo and I get why people get irritated with production. I will say as someone who's not good. You don't have that like super close relationship with like Garbo or us like I love it for what I've done on this circuit, but in terms of agricultural connection, like growing up and going to God buzz like as a kid like that's not something I did. Hmm. Okay, so like so like for me production and Coryell Lake their boat as foreign to me and I think some of the reason why you see some people like devaluing prediction or seeing and not as like or not appreciating as much is because they have that closer cultural connection with with the choreo, which I totally understand is totally valid just that's not like where I come from. So yeah, that makes sense. I can't see long as answers. That's okay. That's fine. Just go it gives us like plenty more to talk about but so I can see us take this like a Different directions. I think the first one is as judge. How do you evaluate production choreo argument, right, so does that mean you'll are you are actively looking for the production element to make a break that routine or is the Quarry of the driving factor and how elevated a performance is or is it a marriage or both of those aspects? Okay. Well, so to clarify like I mean you're having judges for each section, so there's no overlap there right now. I'm looking at the choreo. I'm only looking at the coreos of coral judge. So I assume you're talking about the overall component when you write you when you're ordering bonus points. Yeah, okay, so just to clarify and also respect overall critiquing perspective, I guess. Yeah. But you can talk about that. Yeah, so by critique do you mean like when I'm just viewing a performer? It's part my own enjoyment. Third. Okay. Okay. So let me talk about the judging perspective first. So just for those of you who might not know I judged Sunday to last year. So I do have a little experience being a judge. I was a cordial judge done. So yeah, so I think for me personally for bonus points, like I look at the picture holistically and I generally don't try to break it down like oh choreo execution thematic elements like for me. It's just like what routine as a whole jumped out to me the most, you know, and whether that be things that you know were unique in the choreo or unique in the artistic elements or the execution was just you know, mind-blowing like that's the kind of stuff that really jumps out to me. That's what I evaluate that on. I know it's really vague, but I mean I would argue that like there's no really other way to do it when you're thinking about like bonus points. It's like when you're not looking at the numbers anymore, that's the whole point of the bonus points in my opinion. You're looking at like oh, these are like, this is the performance that I really think just stood out to me and like these are the top three, essentially. Yeah. So then when I'm watching as a viewer, I like honestly I'm a pretty dgaf viewer. Like I'm not sitting there trying to figure out you know, who's placing or anything like that like, Okay, what I'm watching is a just like a few hours a third party. Like I just want to see teams to I got some shit like I don't know. I'm pretty easy to please I guess. I don't know. I just want to see like teams have cool and unique ideas and like even if they like fall flat and like suck ass, like I just I'm happy when teams try and attempt things that are just wild and crazy. So I don't know I don't feel like I tried to watch from a positive mindset not like oh what the hell are they do like, you know, like I'm just kind of like, oh that's wack dope. I don't know. I like I like I definitely sound like a dumbass boy. All right, try not to look at stuff is like, oh, you know, what the fuck are they doing? Looks like okay, but like, okay, so now changing gears as a captain, right? How did you structure your teen? Did you start with the production aspect of the mattock aspect or did you start with the choreo aspect? Yeah. So I mean Ruckus like does their audition video on the spring? Whoa. Rocky's thank you for that. So like yeah, so we usually have like three songs of choreo done and then we figure out that the men were also choreo after that write sodium comes pretty early on in the process for us. That's simply because honestly one of the reasons why is because we try to match our theme to our costume colors and so because we don't get used costumes, yeah. The new ones every year that we have to figure out the in pretty early. So our costume lady can get the costumes done. Yeah. So yeah, so I mean like that's that's like one of the main reasons but also we like start brainstorming we try like I don't know over pretty well over the summer. We're trying brainstorming and trying to you know, figure out what things we can include in our routine, but it's not like I feel like people have this perception of ruckus that we're just like sitting there. We don't even do practice have the time. We're just like thinking about our props or like, you know tape and cardboard together some shit. Like that's not what happened like Like I don't do I don't feel like people have asked me that they're like dude if only Ruckus spent more time on their choreo rather than their props and I'm like, it's not like we're sacrificing practice practice time to you know, work on our props like we we practiced and then outside of practice we do our props. So like all right, that's something that people have said in the past maybe not anymore. But like yeah, like I mean, we don't spend like an inordinate amount of time on our props like we spend way. More time at practice. So I mean, yeah, it's just kind of like what do we know how to do better or at least when I was on the team obviously we've improved since then like we saw that props were something that God has, you know our foot in the door or not in the door in the room the door in the room. No, I think you're okay. Yeah. So yeah. So yeah, so I got a foot in the door. So like, you know, like we were able to kind of build off of that and like you really saw that you know with our the difference being like shoddy or in Jungle year, right? It shows I mean you guys are obviously a national caliber level year after year. I I don't understand why you guys get attacked on the choreo. I think ruckuses choreo is quite different it is engaging and I think your production takes it to a whole nother level like At first. I just want to kind of gather your aspect and and figure out how Guys think about stuff but moving on from there. I mean Obviously production is an important element. But what are your thoughts on how it has been devalued in the rubric this year? Yeah. Oh, I think that's fine. I don't know. I feel like it's fine if it's like what it's like 50 points for thematic elements 75 or choreo, right? 75 75 50 split to an 80 80 40 split. Yeah, so that's like a 5% reduction. Like that's like I don't know. I think that's like me. Everybody's crying about that is just like I don't know. That's my personal opinion. I don't like I just think it's minor its I mean I I would say that it's like so minor that it doesn't matter either way like doing it doesn't really do anything and not doing it doesn't really do anything. So it's like they felt like it was the need to do it like okay. That's why I didn't matter to me. So what do you think would be like an actual split? That would make a difference. Do you think it should have been more dramatic? No. No, I definitely don't know what I'm saying. I think 77 I think 75 75 50 was like a good Split in my mind. I don't know but like I don't care if 80 80 40 is what the circuit wants like. That's totally fine. Like I don't know. I'm not I don't I don't know I'd like like like I generally think that it's such a small change that is not going to affect many different like many placings. Okay, which which I don't think it has from what we've seen so far. Well, we wouldn't be able to tell right? Well, I'm safe from the circuit like from the performances and competitions that we've seen so far like Doesn't seem like these placings would have been different last year. Does that make sense? I would say that like there's I would say like over the last couple of years pretty like pretty much like all of like most teams have been doing like it's not like like in the beginning or okay, not the beginning but like when Ruckus started becoming more prominent there definitely was a huge disparity between like Stage production and my choreo versus like other teams being like totally high on choreo and like mistake affection being kind of like whatever so like But now most teams like they're usually like match their levels like it's not like what like obviously sometimes teams have much better safe Direction than choreo. But like I'd say they've met levels pretty much match throughout most competitions. So like I don't know I gotta think also, I guess one thing it was like a slight tangent. One thing I want to clarify is like like are we call stage Direction, I guess on Ruckus but like the mattock elements. It's not about how much like shit you have. Like I don't care if you have like 12 pounds of cardboard like like that's Literally not what it's about these to meet. So at least I sorry. Let me get a pair of right. I mean explain the impact it's what you do with whatever you have. Yeah, like it's meant to add to your performance right the the like on and off the top of my head like that thematic elements that like stood out to be most like just looking at past videos the ones that I like it most like all of them are like add to the performance in some way add to your theme and don't take away. Like honestly a lot of them have to do with like being integrated into choreo. It's not just like having a prop right? Um, it's it's it feels seamless. What if a team does it? Well, it's good and it's like and it's like it's a combination like sometimes it's cool to have this type big prop just kind of like show up out of nowhere and be like Oh dope. Yeah, but like, you know, like a lot of the cooler ones are also like when there's subtle like like Raga 2015 baseball when they do like the little like dust off doing For their third value like dude, I love that like like it's totally and I would count that as like it's not really like artistic elements, but it definitely like figures in because it's not like that's traditional garb of goryeo like it ya like it counts if it counts towards your thematic elements and like it doesn't always have to be something made out of like cardboard or something. So I think that was on how much definitely the original intent for the to add that aspect into the routines, right but definitely using last year as a reference point in my opinion production was way too heavy like we have teams adding a bunch of stuff just to have stuff like DS DS performance was insane but like you look at everything and there's so much fluff like literally did surrounded the entire stage with you know, like the little circus things pillars the pillow And stuff right that's not it's adding to your overall viewing experience, but it's not adding to the actual routine. And so yeah, it's so one thing that I guess I always tell like the next Captain's on Ruckus like one thing that we always stressed or I guess that I always trust on our team was that like no one gives a shit about your backdrop. They'll look at it. Would you set it up and I promise you the audience will never think about it at all again during the next six and a half minutes because like eat unless you interact with your backdrop in Subway and even then they don't think about your backdrop holistically, like it's very hard to take away the audience's breath with a backdrop because ultimately after you start dancing you're focusing on the dancing and the Kind of just Fades from view. So I like if teams want to go ham on their backdrop. Like I think that's totally fine. I think it's important to have one just to set the scene a little bit and just have them on stage so doesn't look empty but I don't really like if I only get matters like if they if people have a lot of stuff on a backdrop, that's fine. I guess for me. It's like when when thematic element starts becoming too much is like when you see a lot of interruptions in their performance for you know, like when you see dancing stop, there you are. Often, you know, like maybe once is fine. Nobody starts getting to like the two three four, then it's kind of just like a little much, you know, like that's why that's when I think that there's too much thematic element. So I would say like actually inhibit engaging your yeah performed exactly better. And so like, you know, like I think I'm definitely like on the opposite side of you here couple like I definitely thought that dsd's the Madigan integration like last year was a lot but I thought I was done spectacularly like a lot of the integration they did with the circus-like like into the Quarry. A lot of those into the choreo and I thought that was like marvelous like I thought a lot of that was really cool. Yeah, it sounds like kind of like, yeah, I don't disagree with that. But that's fine. Yeah. Yeah, I don't disagree with that by any means I think they did do a good job with what they did but there's also so much extra that at a certain point just like diminishing returns, right? Like they do so by the Grandeur of it, you know, and I think that was like the whole point right with circus like I don't want to focus just on DSD because that's just like kind of more right? It's just it's just an example. Yeah. I mean if you look at like other teams, I would say like like I'm trying to think what a lot of people last year. I think of like, what about sloo sloo had a lot. Yes, not a lot to like. Yeah, and I thought and I thought it was like it was I was actually say that SLU is a more example of kind of just like that idea of just having like cardboard versus integration. But but like not in like a bad way like I just like I think that's just like more of like a addicted they took a different approach to Artistic elements and not there isn't a bad for like justice. That a but it's just like it's just a different approach. Right and I would say like kind of what you're complaining about a couple kind of goes more with that. Almost I see with us comes from the the cardboard. I don't like I keep just saying like a bunch of cardboard right? Because that's something that like, I feel like their performance is that I feel like on Ruckus where we definitely kind of had that mentality where it's just like, oh, we just need to have stuff because people are going to expect us to have stuff and so like we're like, oh God, you know, like people are like Ruckus Stage production. Yeah. I think we better just have stuff right up. But yet that's where it's kind of like driving my feelings. No, and I get that but I guess it's kind of just like for me. Like this is like this is totally my opinion now, and I know that probably most people don't share this but like I love props because it's for me like it was an opportunity to really engineer and like think about like how to put together something. Yeah, you know ZZ to travel, you know, but like adds to your performance is really cool like a lot of creativity. Yeah, it takes a lot of creativity like figuring out how you're going to have to fly to a exactly yeah like that. That is a huge thing. I like flying every cop like, I mean, I'm just like Going to I'm just going to keep bringing up our kiss because like I was on Ruckus obvious example, but like if like we go back to like her jungle year twenty. What's a 2015? No, when did I start school? 17 18 17 16. I don't know bro. I was sometimes yeah, someone people to go back check the or something. I don't know. But yeah, so we go back to Jungle. You're like when we had those peacock feathers like, oh dude all straight like all the Ruckus people if anybody's listening to this, they're gonna flame you so much for talking about this anyway, but like because I bring this shit up all the time, but Like like a peacock feathers that we had that year. They were like a pain to figure out because we had to do like some foam rings and then we had to like individually poke the peacock feathers in assert and I have Circle and denying them in and we'll take them all out afterwards. We have to do that for all a girl props every comp like but like the thing is like I'll be honest like The one thing that I'm so proud about that prop and I can't take credit for I didn't come up with it. But like the one thing that I'm so proud about that prop is like the first time we de Beaute it on stage at RCR. There was an audible gasp. Yeah, and it's it I'd like I'd like people might think I'm exaggerating but I'm genuinely serious like the audience gasped when the girls came on stage and I know because I was like sitting sighs say it's like panting my ass off and I just hear like and I was like, oh shit dude like So like that that kind of like vibe that kind of experience like that's that's something that you can definitely do it with Coryell hundred percent, but you can also be able to props and I think that's what like, it's just a different type of it's a different way of getting that reaction, right? Yeah. That's actually a really good point. I know I definitely agree with that now moving the topic a little bit further. I think one of the other larger problems I have with production and the value the important that's been drawn on it in the circuit. It is that it does create a barrier to entry in my opinion. I think if you don't have yeah x amount of stuff, right? You're just not seen as you know as much of a competitor and right sometimes it's just not feasible for people do that. Right for people who are flying for people who don't have teams that don't have money. It's just not something that you could get. It's actually a really interesting point of view and I think it's almost opposite. I will say as a team that's like been trying to figure out how to have more. Likes Cory over the past five years coreos so much harder to figure out but like what gives because I think the thing with choreo is that like you have to you have to create the impression that you have complex choreo, right? It's not that you can just show that you have complex coordination. And if you have one complex a count that doesn't matter because you have the impression that your choreo overall is complex content creating. The impression is a lot more difficult than just having a physical prop that shows up. Up. There's pretty much almost too much choreo. So that way you just have to create the impression that you have complex choreo versus just having like less semantic elements and just like noticeable ones being like Oh, there's this piece. There's this piece there. Was that cool particle. That was like gimmick. That was cool. So like I think it's almost harder for teams to really have that choreo like to have choreo at a competing level because even for like on the other hand then there's well. I haven't actually compared IU I use the like routine from last year to this year. But I I I did see the routine last year and from just just from what I remember the biggest change that it seems because they also placed at a cop at a big complex year, right and then the biggest change that it seems like that they made was their props and their stage set up like their stage is is like filled up. It's like they're Game of Thrones, dude. Game of Thrones see ya what they do last year last year that I think we did Friends. Okay, I don't know if I saw their performance from last year. I definitely saw the performance from this year, but I'm assuming that they're choreo is similar. That's what that's a big Assumption of mine because I have a mean like in terms of complexity and all this. Yeah. Yeah and their style or whatever but it's like I front like for sure their demon Corporation has stepped up a lot and they're being talked about way more. I would say that yeah, I would say like honestly like Couple I would say team is a lot easier I get I get the the flying thing that's definitely like an issue. But that just comes down to like Ingenuity and like being able to figure out Solutions. Yeah for how you're going to well I think so. I think that's like very much part of the magic element. It's two different people to fly you to figure it out. You got some people who are extremely capable on the creative side like the building side, but then you also have people who are extremely capable on the choreo side, right? And so it's it's kind of whatever. Your team has because we're sure although like creating choreo is really difficult. So is the cost of going and moving these so yeah, that's another thing. I wanted to be. So cost. Definitely I agree is an issue. Yeah, but you know, it's kind of it just comes down to like You know like fundraising is like thing right? I know a lot of teams do it. So like if you need to do that, you have to do it to you like you have to find avenues for finding. All right, I'd like I mean Dude, like I sold samosas on our guide them. Yeah. I like Library walk for like two years. Yeah, like a whole episode on just like trying to find the funds but I do see what the point that you're trying to bring up a couple but it's also just like that can it just opens up such a can of worms just because yeah literally geographical location can also just play into that awful like as well because it's just like everyone has however much money that they have and can get And then it's just like up to them how they want to use it how much more that they want to work to get more. Yeah, and there's like way too many variables. I think to just ya have it pinpoint like one thing if that makes it doesn't say just like an unfortunate circumstance in being relevant. Right? Like we use I use an example. So for example, if they had the same amount of money last year and this year last year, they use it towards traveling this year the user to words props and they are quite a court. Quote unquote more relevant this year right there being more talked about this year. So that's just like a perfect example of why I kind of have a problem with that and the only way to combat that is to like pretty extreme Solutions is that other you cap the amount of money that gets spent on these type of things which is next to Impossible or be like my it's super hot. Yeah, that's like the possibility or be like my ideal situation is you have a copper set of comps where it's like gelik. For in the fusion circuit, right? It's no props. Just just choreo. I think I really like to see something like that. I guess that's fair. I mean, yeah, the money aspect is definitely something to it because I mean I think like for us it cost like what something like six to eight thousand dollars to run a season or something like that. But if yeah, yeah, I will say though coming from the West Coast. Yeah. Definitely was a lot more for us. Yeah. I read like like I don't know it's fun suck but it was part of thing like ever no one has like dude, there's some schools that have complete funding from their from their school. Yeah this I'd like there's a lot that have none. So I was kind of just like it's it's not going to be even playing field from the get-go regardless of how it goes and like forget schools even like just like the economic background, you know, it's like people have different Like yeah, so it's like some people are able to pay for things out of pocket some art. So like so I think it's not going to be leaving play field no matter what you do. So, I guess like well, I am just like looking this up right now and I you went to the same number of bid point bid bid competitions last year and this year. So just yeah, like I will say they sign there are ways to get around props costing a lot of money, right and he literally just comes it's like comes with creativity. Yeah. A lot of the stuff is handmade. And so if you can capitalize on how to be able to, you know, make things in a cheaper way. Yeah, you know, it's like like DIY basically right one thing that the one thing that props doesn't or that does increase cost is like flying I guess you and I won't shut up about this and I'm actually actually flew to shit like shut up. It's like you guys can't well even though for us for u-dub. It's just like even though we do have a comp on the west coast like we can't drive there. Yeah, like my team literally cannot drive to a single competition and like that stuff just adds up so ripped. Uwa do oh, yeah, miss that calm. Yeah. Someone come flame Yucca Mash confessions for some Ruckus lumps and they miss Joey please. Oh, I'll die. That's just hilarious for what? I heard is for the best don't say anything I never went but whatever. Okay, can we move on? Yeah, let's move on. Yeah, I know. We probably people probably aren't extremely happy. We could have exhausted this topic for longer, but I think we're at one of those pages that talk about this for hours and hours and hours, but let's cap it at somewhere. Yeah. So I don't really know how long ago this was now, but I think it was about a few weeks ago. I posted on our Qatar Ross Community page about teams being able to switch dancers in and out in between routines with no excuse. Like they don't have to have like an injury for someone to switch someone out like you can literally just do it whenever you want and I've pointed this out in previous episodes to wear. Teams, it's just like been obvious on stage when I was watching the livestream that people were switching in and out and I saw it again and then it just kind of reached a point in my mind where I'm just like this is just bugging me and I really want to know if I'm the only one that it's bugging me or is is it bugging anyone else? So I posted on Ross Community being like this just kind of seems like a can like unfair advantage to those people who can switch people in and out. In between their performance to then to those teams who don't switched people in and out and the reason for that is just because like, you know, when one person comes in and this has happened to me on stage where it's just like a per one person literally one person out of your entire team just has crazy amount of energy in the middle of a routine and it brings the entire team up and I think that impact is so big and can give you such an advantage when someone comes in fresh. that I was like it shouldn't be like it shouldn't be allowed like res should not let people or to not let teams switch their dancers in and out and it's not that hard to implement because I actually was side-stage IRAs last year and I saw teams do it at RAS where people would get off stage in the middle of the routine and then they're like panting and then someone from their Who's also standing on stages like patting them on the back? Like bro? It's okay. Like you're done. Now you're done now and I'm like, excuse me. Why are you done? Like the rest of your team still out there? What do you mean you're done and like I posted that thinking that like more people would rally around it, but it's just like I just got a few likes and like to people other than covel commented on it and it's just like Really annoying, you know what? I mean? Like it just really rubbed me the wrong way how like no one seems to really care to like really make a noise to make noise about it because it's like res won't do anything unless you like unless people are angry about it and it's just like It seems like people agree because they'll like like my post but then not enough to actually comment and get our SS attention and I think an issue like this warrants them to respond because I'm literally accusing them of allowing cheating. Yeah, like I consider that cheating, right? Yeah, I mean, I think we're on the same page and on this topic to talk about so in the last one you were just like if you can do it do it because writes a loophole. Yes, like it's just like something that you can you know take advantage of whatever you can take advantage of right and that's what I was going to say. So like from technically speaking. No, it's not cheating necessarily because it's not against the rules. But yeah, it is an unfair advantage and if it exists it's one of those things that like Yeah, I guess take advantage of it. But I really hard to see that happen. Like I don't know because I feel like if we were on the other if we had those resources, right like if we had a 20 20 20 to person roster or whatever and we could facilitate something like that. Then our perspective might be a little bit different well. Marissa I'm like a big fan of loopholes. Hello. I we do spring audition videos. Like that's a big freaking loophole and it's just like and also not to mention like I think like res big fan of loopholes. Oh, yeah, and it just like even with the spring audition videos. It's just like when I reached out about the In decision that Ras made you know that if you're in an audition video for that year then that you cannot judge for a competition in that cup coming year when I reached out to board members directly they responded with ya res is cool with spring audition videos and it did come up in our discussion when we made this decision. So it's just like res is implicitly saying that it's okay for spring audition videos, but why won't they just explicitly say that? That's fine or it's just like why won't they explicitly just defined when you can do a spring audition video if you're a quarter suit school or it's just like, you know what? I mean? It's not that hard to actually put in these rules. Yeah instead of making it so implicit and making the rest of us just kind of like run around and try to find these loopholes to like help ourselves out. Yeah. It's like if there is an opportunity to not only use take advantage they got on Use that term but like if there's an opportunity to do something that is going to it is a better situation for your team. Then why not make that available or broadly available? Why not? Why not make it known why kind of hide it under the rug? Yeah. I agree with that because like I'm totally a fan like I don't mind doing an audition video in the in the fall. Like that's not a problem to me. It's only a problem to me when I compare myself to a like u-dub is a quarter system school when I compare my the amount of time that At u-dub Ross has to take an audition video in the fall to a semester school. That's when it's not fair. Yeah, that's not really like I think a lot of people don't know like core systems Master like what this calendar is, so just to give like a quick like in a brief to those who don't like ucsd's start school usually last week of September or like third week of September, like even sometimes even pushes out you guys you double usually starts a week after us. Yeah, so you guys have you His butt. So like I mean that might not seem like a big deal because why audition videos are do like November the first week in November, like how do we like you could say? Oh, you still have a bond, but the thing is we need to find you need to find a team. I mean obviously not having tryouts on the first week of school because you know, we need to get her shit together and be like dude marketing stuff like that. So usually try as will happen earliest a week after school starts, but usually probably like two weeks, right so, So that would give us two weeks to bring people who some who've never even held a gun before. Yeah, forget Don's before. Yeah, so to to produce an audition video, that's like they'll get you too big that will get you. Yeah bit. So like I mean, I was in a fall Edition video my freshman year. We all know what makes you can't get it. Yeah, dude, it was garbage and like I straight. Oh God. I look horrible. I had never never like all right, so I did a little bit of rust my senior year of high school, but like not really anyone could kind of like that. Yeah, and like even the people who like were on the team, you know, they were out of practice. They were rough out of shape like it was just horrible and we didn't get into any comps that here right which is why we did the spring audition video. So like yeah been in the same position, it's just so what I'm saying? Is that like I get it that there is a loophole and that you know, you can Which it people in and out because there's no rule that explicitly says you can't but level the playing field you do with audition videos is trying to yeah level the playing field and what they're what like teams that are switching people in and out are doing is not leveling the plate right? Yeah, but I don't know from my point of view. I think it's like make use of what you have. And so if you have the ability to have a big roster first off yo, Send me messages how the hell you do that shit, bro. How do you find people are interested and like something like that's fine that teams are doing that. I'm calling res out specifically that they aren't regulating this. Yeah, so I would say yeah, so I would say putting a cap on roster make sense like cap on roster like you can still have 18 be the cap on the roster, but it's just like make the competition regulate the fact that everyone who you say is a Dancer is dancing on stage for the full six. this minute Yeah, I don't know. I don't know if I agree with that because I really don't think it matters that much like for example Ruckus uses alternate sometimes and sometimes it'll be just to give a chance for other person to dance. You know, it's like I mean, it's 60 people don't but sometimes you can go to multiple copies. Oops Yeah, but you're not going to be able to have someone Dance One combat. Someone doesn't other comp. All right, I'll admit maybe other teams can manage that but we are a we haven't been able to do that mean you're basically spinning run-throughs for practice. Right? So, I mean you're going to have just a week or dancer in that position overall. Okay. So usually you're not going to split your best dancer with another good dancer. So the person who's going to be splitting run throughs in practice time is probably your weakest dancer, which means it'll look even more week. So I mean, I don't know if that's really realistic. I mean, I'm not saying that's why all these teams are doing it. Well, like I don't think it's a huge deal really from from my point of view. Like I don't know. I'm a very much like if you have 60 people that's not an excuse not to have energy for all six and a half minutes like yeah, it sucks that you have to dance six and a half minutes just do it. Like I don't know like that's that's my point of view. Like if you want to be great if you want to be the best like you have to it doesn't matter whether you have people coming in halfway do better than them. Like that's just Just if you want to win you got to be the best. So like that's the way I look at it like yeah sure. It's an unfair Advantage someone's coming in but like you get more practice than this person doing half a run through so you should be cleaner than them. Like do we better some other way look of applying a little bit of I know that's like a tuple like a suit. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah, so I mean I know that's like a super aggressive opinion, but like I don't know like that's just like I roll like I don't feel like it's giving that unfair Advantage where teams are straight-up just winning off of energy because they have new people coming in and if they Our than other teams you to step it up. If you don't have more people than just to figure out a way to you know, have better stamina. That's one thing. I saw it res last year. Yeah, what likes other people switching? Yeah. I thought teams that were searching people in and out. So it's like clearly that they were doing it throughout the so no. Yeah. I don't know if that's the sole reason. Yeah, but like, I mean, I like I don't think that's the sole re I wouldn't say. That's the reason why the team's last year. Gondar. Yes, like I would definitely say they were denied something new with obviously, but I do think that like you just have to figure out how to you know, like use what you have and that's like that's what any team can do like you'd like if you don't have it 20 people then figure out how to do amazingly would succeed when it comes to energy whether that means like capitalizing, you know, like doing like a skate in the middle. So you get a little breather or you know, like having your solos be a little longer than your other songs. So, you know, like whatever it is like you got to just figure out how to tailor your routine such that it Cases your strengths. Yeah, I mean again, this is like another one of my like various entry in my opinion. I think if I can play a little bit Devil's Advocate and say, you know, if res were to cap the number of people who can wear a costume at 16 and you know, you're 16 aren't up to par then dance seven and seven, right and then feel free to switch out the seventh person with someone in the wings. Yeah, that's like I think it's totally like that's only make sense. Like if you feel like yeah, you're eight two dancers aren't you know cut it like aren't good enough for a full routine and like that happens, you know, then you've danced seven and seven and you switch that 7-foot leap. No, that's what I'm saying. Like, no then you should not be going 16. Yeah, so you go 1404. Yeah, but you want to give them a chance to dance till right? So it's the thing is like this is a competition right? This isn't like a it's not like you can put them in your showcase on your campus. You can put them in like places where it's just like there's money at stake. Like you win money when you win a minute. Yeah, that's fine. But like ideally okay. Ideally I would totally agree with you but like ultimately every single team. I mean, I would say the fact that some teams have a funded program is a way bigger Advantage than like Control exactly. That's this is something res can control. That's where I don't know if it's really that big of a deal in terms of giving teams and benefits like I don't I don't think it really like pushes the envelope that far for stamina or energy because usually like I said that people who are splitting aren't the strongest dancers and I don't mean that in a bad way to anybody who's spoiled that's not shade. But because it's just you're not going to sub your strongest dancer out but does so entirely affect your execution point in the category in the rubric, right? Like if someone if your team is executing that's because there's a week early great that weaker link is probably not matching up. And if that weaker link is going decent enough for you know, they're going they can do the first half of the routine good enough, but after that, you know 51st with it. Once they hit the 51st percentile. They start really really hurting the entire routine you pull them out and put another person in your entire team is looking significantly better. I think that does make a pretty big impact at the end of the day when would you Would say that's always think what you have is using what you have. I'm not saying that the teams are doing anything wrong. It's just that Ras should be regulating that that's why I said I think like regulating it Loosely by just putting a cap on the roster because I think if it was something there there already is a posture like oh comps have caps are he's like just being like avocado. So I think that's like I think but it's a question of making that making if it's a question of making that roster cap tighter, I would agree with you because I don't think it should be something strict like, oh all 16 people have to be dancing six half minutes like like because that's I still think it should be that way because how are you going to regulate that everyone looks the guy named Steve stage hot know people on the car on the I was standing outside stage Aryan. I just don't know any of these people and I literally saw people coming off then like one person not going back while the entire team is on stage. Yeah. That's why I that's not a that's not an accurate that I mean, that's not like a plausible solution. What are you gonna do prevent someone from going? Oh just a that's you could I guess Like you still have them perform with a disqualify them and then you're gonna I don't know that's a rule where it's like you can't switch people in and out and a competition or a board member like catches you doing that because they're standing side-stage. I don't think I've been to a single competition with a board member isn't side stage. Then you get disqualified after you get off stage. Yeah, and I get what you're okay. So here so here's what let me clarify my stance. I get what you're saying. That would be more fair what I'm saying is that yes that would More fair, and that's fine. If that's the direction of circuit goes like I totally understand why but he's like where it's at right now is like doesn't bother be like like I just don't think that where it is right now is like really affecting standings or you know, like judging that much like I don't think that it's like that drastic of a problem such that it's resulting, you know in like teams, you know, that don't deserve to be placing a place in or something like that right like so it's kind of like I totally agree. Like what you're saying in terms of like yeah, that would be the fair way to go about it. I just don't know if I care I guess but it's like yeah, you're right. I don't think the placings would change. I don't think it would affect that at all if this rule was there but it's just like when I went to Arias last year and to see teams that I looked up to do that was like kind of just like, oh my God, it was like a little bit it shook me a little bit being like what the hell that's you know that it just like. Oh, okay, I guess yeah, let's Crew harder, let's get more people. Let's get more people to get excited to come to comms with us and then switch them in half way. Why not? And it's just like, I mean like the reason why you don't is because like I said, usually you can't it's more expensive whatever I'm gonna be sure all of that but like you're generally are just getting like weaker dancers. Like that's like I don't mean that like in a bad way. I like the truth. It's generally like the realest like the reality of it like right. I don't like especially when you have schools with like multiple dance teams like You're not expected to getting like, you know, top-notch dancers like so I mean, that's the reason why you don't just switch out your entire routine. Maybe Tire team like halfway because like the people you bring back on probably are going to be amazing. So I don't know like I think it's a trade-off actually. So like if you think that you're bringing someone else halfway in like, why wasn't that first person good enough to dance the entire routine because well, yeah, they weren't good enough. Yeah. So the next person are going to after that are they really going to be that but it's like They'll maintain the level. Whereas the like what Google said if that one if that person was there from the beginning they would have dropped off and then that would have been included in the judging it. I don't think like I said, I don't think it affected would affect any placings this year at all, but it's just something that like as a viewer as somebody who has if I was on a team watching this like in the audience I'd be pissed off. Yeah, I guess like I don't know II like I said don't have like a huge opinion on it. So yeah, like I'm pretty ambivalent about it. I've literally just like oh, okay, cool. Okay. So like I guess we're talking about just really rolls into this topic and I think there's so much happening at the high res level that it is too much. Right? So I would really like to see the regulatory Arias board and the Nationals competition kind of split into two divisions two boards. I don't know exactly how that structured will work out but there is too much power I think and it's not from what I can tell it seems like things aren't as seamless as they could be. It's not as transparent as they should be and I don't know there's There's a lot of things you can handle at a much stronger lower level if there was a strictly regulatory board trying to use a power. What do you mean what you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot. Take away Caliente. It's a very hot. What do you mean by power though? So I think power in the sense of okay. There's obviously this misconception that the This board has like, you know, the Puppeteer hands in what and of like who gets in the Nationals. Obviously, that's not true. Like there's no power in that aspect. However, I think that the way things kind of get handled of I wish I could type to the tightest to a specific example, but the way some things are handled it seems like it's all happening behind, you know, a black box and Their results that come out that kind of just changed the entire atmosphere. I'll give you kind of an example and so for like, I don't know the audition video thing, let's say that like this is something that should be explicitly stated in a rule Yeah by res or they should figure out what like it shouldn't just be implicit that it's just like we're not going to like teams we're doing spring audition videos are A mention that they're doing it in the spring and then comps are going to pretend like that's not true res is going to pretend like that's not true. Everyone. Just going to brush it under the rug that shouldn't be happening like res should be the ones to figure out that okay, how can we make this fair for everybody looking at different schedules of different schools? Yeah. Now the a board that is doing that is trying to organize a competition as well as manage a circuit is not going to be able to Do all of that. Yeah, we're as a group of people who are just dedicated to managing these issues and problems within the circuit and figuring those problems out is just like that wood is just way more manageable and it's their job to get stuff done. Yeah, right. Yeah, I would actually jump on what you just said. They're manageable. Like I don't think it's a huge like power issue for me. I got a being on board last year. I just think like it's a lot to manage. No, like yeah. I would say and I think that isn't necessarily huge issue. I think this started out of just a fact that someone I'm this is just me guessing because I don't know this shit, but if someone can like fact check my history, I guess but it's just like someone is probably just like yo, like let's do a Nationals cam right and then it was organized and so the and so it's organized still around that idea that assesses. I think which I think is totally fair. Yeah, but I guess the it just over the point over the last couple of years like three or four years, I guess like it's just really pivoted where it's become more regular. Tory body right for the circuit which I think is a healthy change that's needed I don't disagree that it's not eat it yeah and I definitely get what you're saying couple and I would say I agree honestly like I think there would I just think it would be difficult to convince res that and also just like I guess people in general because it might feel like the regulatory body then was like out of touch I guess with this circuit or like how comps go I don't know if that's actually a concern or what maybe we actually raised that as an issue well so the things that I see the regulatory body being in charge of is like figuring out which bid competition should be part of our alike sorry which competition should be a bit and then also figuring out what works the audition video Dad lightly deadlines are what the rubric looks like for the whole circuit and then also doing this whole they should do something about people searching people in and out like Arias right. Now. I don't feel like is able to focus on these problems that are arising out of this season because they are too busy wrapping up and getting ready for their own competition. Yeah, and I feel like maybe that's something that we all felt perhaps. Yeah last year. Like I like I don't think it's like I don't think it's like a it's not a new problem. It's not a new problem or anything that had to do with last year. I think like that. It's just a growing problem. Yes. There was a lot of That we all discussed in our separate meetings board meetings that like of stuff we wanted to get to wanted more did you that stuff we wanted to do but like like you guys are saying like there's a lot that comes with putting together a cob and especially res where we're trying to be the bestest of the all the comps. This is kind of like a lot of this stuff is what gets talked about in the beginning of the year, but definitely, you know as the year progresses as the comps finish, you know, kind of just gets phase out of mind and the priority is just kind of Of change because you're right it does that does become the priority or it's just like okay now on the top eight are coming here now just forget about it. And then once it's done, then everyone just drops it and leaves. Yeah, and so like the changes that you're getting are almost like a little too slow because no one's really paying attention to them. Yeah. I think it would be a cool idea maybe to have like that regulatory body consists of a member from each of the columns like and I think cops would like that too. I Honestly know much about the comp. I don't know if they would like that. I don't really know about the politics. I don't know. It's just like a suggestion I guess. Yeah, but yeah, I think would be a cool idea how the this regulatory body would be structured and like all the different types of diffe committees in it would be like something that like a director should take like there should be a regulatory director and then one director for the comp. Yeah or something like that to to those. Two, yeah or two and two and then the directors obviously work together, but then it remains separate and a circuit that actually does that is the acapella circuit. They have something which is a sa re sa is like the I forget what it stands for but there's a essay and then there's a 3 a 3 is the actual competition. So anyone who's part of the A3 board, they are only in charge of organizing the competition and anyone who's on the a sa board. They are in charge of I think the circuit which is logically sound in my opinion. Yes, like I think that's like definitely like a good idea. I think I don't think it really matters that the two directors are different. Like I don't like I don't think becomes a lot. Yeah, I just like load management. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah part of hospitality. Right and it's just like the closer and closer and closer. We got to the competition the more and more and more involved director Scott and it's just like, I don't know covel if as part of marketing if you fell felt like there was like less less pressure on you as we got closer to the cop. It was always pretty high pressure. I felt like but there was like a little bit of a step when we got closer to because like every week is just doing all the comp stuff and all that. But then as you get closer, there's a lot more managing the scoreboard and all that type of stuff and it just becomes like like the scoreboard. So I guess actually go the other side. Yeah it it needs to be split. Yeah, I actually think that like that's actually a good point. Like I was trying to think about like what would be in that regulatory body, I guess and managing literally everything. Yeah. Yeah. Well because I think like judging is the obvious call. Yeah in terms of how I guess like the current committees on res like judging would go to that. Yeah, obviously, but what a but I was like trying to think about what else but like hopefully bring up a good point that like marketing is definitely something that would also go with it. Yeah, but then you'd also need one for our exam. So right they Arias we do for the comp like when we do the marketing for the cop, but then like you're saying marketing for each of the comps themselves like that could just be like pushed off to the regulatory body and that's actually a good thing because I know that when we were in marketing meetings, like now when the even was actually Tech but he just pushed himself into marketing and he was before the murder cases. So yeah when you were in marketing meeting I overheard so like it definitely was like an issue like trying to balance doing the local marketing and all of that for our yes with all of the like Snapchat Instagram story. Oh, yeah, you can see how involved I was over there. But yeah, I mean like PR you'd solely need that for the comp creative. Yeah, PR PR is actually well this year, especially I think PR is huge with the circuit with with fantasy. Yeah, and I'm really really happy that they did fan. It's pretty cool. Again, but I love fantasy. I hate that. It's anonymous because that like it. There's no conversation being started under each their fantasy post because no one knows who anyone is unless it's super obvious in their username or just take some time just know you get used to it and then they'll be like, all right, we're going to show you masks off, but for now mascot, bro. Yes. I think I think we've talked about this to its extent now. Very lofty goals, but I'd love to see some flight that come to fruition. Yeah last year. We had a big Initiative for Arias right of being green right and being sustainable and all that stuff and it's just like A circuit like this or any dancer get any performance circuit, like literally you're going to have waste so much weight. Like what do you want them to do? Like they can't control what's gonna happen to each call right? And it's just like I get it, you know, the whole water holding water bottles thing on the side of the stage and like handing it to people as they come off for solos and stuff. I personally think that's a little extra but it's just like it's something that will happen regardless, you know, a competition that provides that is gonna get like People are going to praise the hell out of it because it would be like, oh my God the board took so much such good care of us because they thought about how when we get off stage for after like during the solos or whatever. We're tired. We'd like a drink of water. Yeah, and so maybe that's like the biggest waste in my opinion from a week. Well, okay. So in one way, it's like last year's crops out of compostable cardboard. But yeah, I mean obviously like props. It's such a huge waste like if there's some way that we could figure out how to reuse or Zeus the amount of waste that access across I won't live it is a huge waste but like it's just a thing that it's like you already have to be so creative on how you're making these props because of all of the other limitations you have money sighs wait, like how you're going to transport them that it's just like and now on top of that I have to make sure it's compostable. I'd like I mean, I don't think she needs like I can just recycle this cardboard and it'll be okay. Yeah. I don't think you need to have a plan a silly for it. Like couple that sorry. No say like I don't think I necessarily speak compostable. But like I would like to have some plan after the factory like figure out if you can give it to a school like a high school or something like that. I don't know but it just hurts to see was already even I was part of tech theater in high school and we would put on plays right and we would create sets on the stage out up shut up. It sets out on stage out of wood and you know, we'd get that wood. It's just it's not like it's reused wood or anything like yeah, whatever we can reuse for the next player musical we would not pun not intended. But like it's just something that I think we can try our hardest and I think that's all that we could really yeah. I think like the water bottles is like the easiest thing to point out that that's true. But yeah, like you said it's just like when people come off stage, they won't water like we can do so like like it. I mean part of just have like a watering hole bigger. It's like your faces like zebras likes like on all fours like that be comical as the hell. I mean, I'd be down for that. I hate these ideas so stupid. I mean there's some places you can't like you need to have lot of Coming up the stage. I don't think yeah, but we can have drugs and all the room like the big Igloo jugs. Last year is I think we did it wrong by putting just a Brita filter in there that was not reasonably enough water for a whole team, but we still gave them water bottles. Like we gave we gave people Brita filters and then I'm pretty sure we still had to get cases in cases in cases of water bottles. So it's just like a kind of just felt like We're doing this because we have a great initiative, but we still have to provide those water. Yeah, it wasn't thought out well enough. I think they need we didn't fully that you're cracking just got recorded as well just would want me to do bro boys. Got a crack. Sorry come along. No other. Yeah, like we didn't plan for it well enough because we were so absorbed all that other stuff this became a secondary thing, which is all the more reason for true things to be split up. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I thought. She was gonna Circle back to that that I'd be like, definitely a like Tori thing yeah like sustainability and like you could actually like that's it's I'd say some more achievable goal we had a committee where you had a committee of people who are dedicated to this to work with comps perhaps to maybe be able to you know affect this change across not doesn't I could be something that if you know someone who's interested with like that b we actually something we bomb like you don't force people to use like you have to use compostable stuff like just be like if you have the option like you know opted for this stuff like this is how you can minimize your waist is how you can minimize your carbon footprint that type of stuff I think it's I think we tried to do that on board last year with we try to get like a group of people who were interested in like thinking of ideas but it's just like everyone got so busy in their own individual committees and their own lives that already that they were just like making time out of for res to begin with that it was just like another thing that was just really easy to put on the back burner yeah yeah I think like Yeah the more and more you talk about the split though couple like I'm down for it I'm gonna I'm gonna vote for it and the upcoming primary bro yeah sure it's on the ballot I'm gonna go for oh yeah all right so let's send that their go-to through a sign oh yeah well catch you guys later on the next one yeah so homies