Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as well if you enjoyed it. If you did not enjoy it don't give it a review now. I'm just getting whatever you thought about it leave a review on iTunes or whatever. You can leave reviews. We greatly appreciate constructive or destructive criticism because that's the only thing that could make our podcast better and if it's country if it's if it's positive that's the only thing that could boost our egos, right? So of course, yeah, ladies and gentlemen, we have a action-packed episode and for you today. Is this episode Ed 3333 that's what about how store number okay, Alfie, I don't know if you should say that yeah, that's true. You're gonna get caught up man. You're gonna get shot up. There aren't that many middle class suburbs in London. So, yeah. Luckily. I mean you had to be careful. There's not that many people in London, right? Not many just the what is it 12 million or something? Yeah, small town Vibes right? Not much to do there. Exactly not bad traffic at all. Boring. To be honest. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah, let's get into it. How about that? Let's stop. So let's talk. Let's stop talking about this crap. Ladies and gentlemen on the cards for today. We're just going to talk briefly and when I say briefly, I mean boxer briefly about our win over, Portsmouth. What's what day? Is it Wednesday? So couple days ago on Monday pretty comprehensive Victor. I guess you could say in terms of the Run of play in the second half we'll get into some of the details here in a second. But we're on to the quarterfinals of the FA Cup some big fish have made it through to that stage as well. So we will see who we draw. I'm not sure Alfred you have any preference as to who? Do you like to draw I mean so far looking at who's through Arsenal Chelsea Newcastle Sheffield United. Give me Newcastle home. I'd love a bit that. Yeah, and I was going to say that would be mine too. And frankly. I was watching the live updates of the I believe it was West Brom and Sheffield United game. If I'm not mistaken reading Sheffield or not. It's reading several mucosa. Excuse me. Yeah, my bad reading Sheffield United Sheffield only just Getting through on extra-time there and man. I was hoping we could maybe get a little bit of reading there in the quarterfinals. That would be a pretty favorite one. Five five types. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, that would be nice. But Sheffield United with Chris Wilder at the helm did well to get through there. I'd extra time but our game Alfie first half was a bit sticky. I will say yeah Portsmouth had a pretty decent amount of chances. However, they never really troubled us all that much ice. You getting into some some scraps and all that on Twitter and stuff that fight with people as to whether or not we were just atrocious in the first half or whatever. It may be. What were your thoughts on the first half there? I mean, yeah, I was tweeting throughout that game more than I usually do. I don't quite know what got into me. It was just a random FA Cup game against Portsmouth fun. Yeah, I don't I don't buy into the narrative that we were terrible in that first half which is sort of well, of course the media wanted to split those that and I was tweeting about this as well. They are they desperately desperately pushed the underdog narrative to sort of create some some drama for their viewers. And this was possibly the worst possible score line for the broadcaster's, you know, they're warning either a massive upset or very very comfortable Arsenal win where we you know, maybe Put six or seven pass them or a thrilling 3-2 or something like that, but it was pretty straightforward for us and you could tell the likes of Jermaine genus in the commentary. Obviously, you would have had some indifferent seem quite right by it and wanted to attack Arsenal as much as possible. That's why I felt like and I'm not just playing some victim card. It really felt like that because yeah, first off yes Portsmouth create a few decent opportunities, but they were all Quite low quality. Obviously, there's no XG in a my favorite thing in a there's no XG in a cup games for some reason. They don't they don't record it. But I've be very very surprised if there was anything above maybe 15% you know, they had a flurry of low-quality chances and we created to high-quality Chances with a Nelson. Sorry with a obviously sock garters is goal and Socrates is goal and the Martinelli header from Strange, I thought both artists were pretty similar in the end the second half. We just managed to prevent them from taking as many speculative sort of long range low quality chance efforts, and we I would agree maybe we control it a bit better in that aspect. But I thought overall it was a pretty assertive dominating performance not in terms of we were completely fluid in the final third. I thought we were wasted several good opportunities when we sort of got into the positions where final ball and stuff but in general it was sort of what our tester will Delight, you know, we picked our moments to sort of penetrate the Portsmouth defense and And you know, we were clinical me got into the positions and control the ball and controlled the game. So yeah, I thought overall pretty good night particularly with the youngsters out there very difficult atmosphere to playing. So yeah positive in my opinion. Yeah, I would I would agree with that completely. I mean, obviously the two teams went head-to-head on that lovely checkerboard pitch. May I just say as well very nice. I love that in your piece. That was a great. It's you like reprobation I wished. Trying desperately to find some sort of checkers analogy, but I will admit I do not know anything about Checkers. So that was unfortunately not just because it isn't Checkmate a chest thing or is that in checkers to I do know a bit about Shasta played was a bit of a chess player back in the back of my like oh shit sort of six to nine year old stage. I'm not not past them. Not some fucking loser nerd thanks to chess players. Wow, but six to nine of you know, I was been the primary school team went to a few tournaments was actually decent player back in the day, but not that's relevant to this. But yes Checkmate is when you win in chess God, you're such a fucking loser now now shout out to chess players good people. I'm sure I've I've have never met one, but I'm sure they're good lively bunch, right? I'm sorry policy on over there. Yeah wild specimens. Yeah, but we are we check mated them after pitch. I guess you could say or something like that, right? Um, yeah, I would kind of kind of agree with you. I put in my piece more so that the second half was a bit more dominant, but I do actually agree with you fair enough and the fact that first step was that nearly as bad as people. I wanted to make it up to be especially pundits like Jermaine genus and thank God I didn't have to put my ears through the torture of listening to his trauma Terry. He is an absolutely waterboarded. To be honest. To be honest the same he is an absolutely horrendous pundit and probably one of the most biased I've ever seen he makes he makes like he would spouse could get relegated and he would be saying You know, they could get Renegade with record low number of points to be saying. Oh they were unlucky. Yeah, he makes like people like Roy Keane look like a fucking Liverpool fan or something, you know, like it's he's so unbelievably bias know. I was given a couple decent commentators. I don't remember either of their names, but they did the job and they did it. Well exactly. So that was good other one not so good thing that came from the first half that while he was that Lucas too rare. A injury that was too rare has cries in the background that you heard there after he got absolutely smashed by Fulton. Would you make of The Challenge on a bit of a debate on this on Twitter? Sorry not Twitter on Instagram actually put our post I was saying how can these challenges continue to be tolerated if you look at? What was it? If you look at Pepe earlier in the season against West Ham and then also there was another one on them. I think it was against Bournemouth is sort of a crunching motion scissor motion between the opposition's players legs on one of their legs and this one was similar, although he won the ball, which is fair enough. I don't think it would those malicious intent. It's still endangered Lucas Tara it was you know, he obviously was in a lot of discomfort. And for me, you can't celebrate a tackle that is you know, people say the games gone soft blah blah blah. You can't celebrate a tackle, which is endangering an opponent and it is you know, there's a seasonal action on his legs. You just you can't be set if you're celebrating that you're going to leave players exposed to really dangerous tackles. And yes you on the ball, but for me, it's dangerous and the action on the follow-through. Yes you on the board that action and the follow-through is not very good so I can see what people are saying about is a contact sport and if you win the ball and you know in the follow-through someone gets hurt so be it but I think when you've got that scissor action on a player's ankle it is dangerous. And yeah, I'm a bit on the fence about it, but I'll probably Sarah. Yeah, it was dangerous yet. I will say granted. I am a part of the central defense Union as somebody who's Played at the absolute semi semi semi semi semi semi semi semi academic Academy level. I almost had academic level Academy level. I was a defender in my day and I do quite like seeing tackles like that. Unfortunately it was too rare so I don't want to see it on one of my team's players, but I do like tackles like that and I don't want them to be wiped completely from the game to be honest, and I would very much be I would be inclined to probably Agree to a certain degree. I would have to probably agree completely with the what James said on the arse cast was that it is kind of the scissor motion that you're referring to is kind of a consequence of having two legs. You know, it's just get it is going to happen sometimes I and also I just don't think it was malicious either. You know, the one like yeah, but I think regardless of malicious. Intent, I think if it's endangering someone you could you could you know put in a horrendous challenge like aubameyang did against Palace and that of course, I don't think there was any malice or intent in that but at the end of the day was a terrible tackle, which put the player in danger in danger. I don't think it's it in a way. I find this similar to ham balls. Um, You know hardly ever will someone purposely use their hand but if it's disrupting if it's stopping a goal stopping someone go through and goal similar to tackles if it's if it's endangering someone if it supports a call, it doesn't matter whether it's someone intended to do something eyes. I think it's sort of a separate debate but I always think intent in that sort of thing is sort of irrelevant in my opinion. Yeah, that's that's fair and I could absolutely I can see where you're coming from with that. I think it is a gray area in the game. To be honest really because part of it, you know, you want to protect attacking players obviously Lucas Two Rivers, not a primarily attacking player despite una Emery's belief when he was at the helm, but you know, you do want to protect the attacking players, but you also don't want to take defending out of the game either so it's it is difficult you look at I think the handball comparison you drew their I think was actually quite quite good and that's kind of what I was thinking about prior to you. You saying that is that gray area kind of just needs to be a raced by them basically stamping down of rule and saying, you know, the new handball rule for example, if your hand is involved whatsoever and a goal being scored. The goal is taken, you know, they don't there's like they're like, nope. No gray area that's just not allowed at all because it was Watford against Manchester United that I was watching when the player pretty unintentionally hit the hand with this ball, but Hand with stop the ball with his hand and went into the back in the end. The goal was taken away while maybe I could see that that's a bit harsh on what for now which I think they went on to get thrashed in that game at the end. But yeah, it's difficult. Isn't it is definitely a gray area of the game bolted went in hard. I'm not I mean, there's no contesting that he went in hard and Tara fell hard now. I don't know if there's been any update. About the injury or anything like that, but obviously we're hoping to that's not a serious one because we definitely knew we definitely do need him coming into the rest of the season don't we so and worth noting horrendous reaction from the poem be fans in fratton park. I don't know if you've seen what they were Charming. I did not what were they saying? You're going home in an ambulance. Yeah, that's fucking pathetic to be honest calm and to be Their friends were annoying me throughout the game. Yes, they create a good atmosphere but fucking scum. Did you go to that one more opinion? I didn't know. Oh, I didn't know if that was the one you said you planned on going to or not. Yeah, it was but unfortunately if sold out I can't even look at the tickets. So that would have been a fun one it words, but fuck him. Yeah Nobles absolutely absolutely fucked them and hope they get liquidate again or go to ministration again. Um, hello. OK you attack Lucas two are alike that yeah, come on now that's that's pathetic. But I mean we handed them in L. And that's really all we could have done on the day Socrates scoring the first goal. What if what a finish from Papa had that Strikers strike is finished, but let's talk about that cross to from from Reese Nelson. They're just absolutely fizzes it and and then Socrates it's one of those you've maybe hit a volley like that you guys listening if you if you go to the pitch you may Hit one like that just playing around and it's one of those where you just literally stood all the timing and training. Yeah, I bet you do if you're the messy of friends. Yeah, but yeah, it's one of those words just you stick your foot out. I love those because I'm a Centre back in have no idea how to shoot. I love those because you stick your foot out and it looks like you scored a world-class finish button reality. It was just because the ball was coming at you like 95 miles per hour. Hmm. It was well controlled well-directed. But yeah, I think that the pace on the ball all sort of getting most of the work. Yeah, nonetheless. There was a good finish for for Socrates and then going into the second half just to kind of wrap things up. So we get into the more exciting segment of the game after the Portsmouth game wasn't that exciting but with the possession statistics ending its 73% in our favor. It was a very controlled kind of game. Free up freestyle some and qetsiyah, excuse me scored the second goal of the match in the final one as well. Only six minutes into the second half an outfit that pretty much killed the game. Yep. Oops Yeah, I'm good again. Great from Nelson. He did that a few times in the game, you know showing his Pace showing his willingness to go direct and run past players and he had that go on toast. Whoever their left-back was. Yeah a few times that knows that mercenary chance and yeah, great play there and in Katia great for him to get another goal. Three goals since his return. I think he I would say he's in Better form the lacazette and I've got a question actually about this later. But okay. Yeah in Katia on fire at the moment and I thought he had a really good game not just his goal. But I thought his Hold Up play was much better and his movement is really really good. You know, he's constantly trying to get him behind and he was he was one of the ones in that first half. He was trying to make things happen. So yeah. Yeah goal phone catio and I'm liking what I'm seeing from him. Him in the moment. I am as well. And you know, you talked about his Hold Up play there. I think and catches just overall work rate is quite impressive. You know, I absolutely he tracks back he flies forward. I love his press that he almost always he presses the goalkeeper up all the weight. That is so important in the modern day game because if you run up and you go press the goalkeeper hard as fuck then the goalkeeper just has to slam it long and we have a really good chance of winning. Winning back possession. So I love and catch his work right there. And yeah, I looking forward to answering that question about him later. I have a question for you. Just regarding Reese Nelson before we kind of move into our main segment of the episode did his performance maybe that's his performance rather kind of indicate that maybe he should be given a bit more game time is the upcoming match to West Ham United possibly one that we could Bruce Nelson taking apart of um I think there's a lot of competition at the moment for you know for places in that sort of area. You've got Pepe. You've got Martinelli, you've got a bum ankle playing at why'd you know, it's it's difficult to see him getting a run of games in this team at the moment. But of course brilliant performance, you have done himself no harm. I think it was four key passes again. Unfortunately for me, there's no X Gene oxa stats for that game, but I'm sure is XA would have been high. Oh, yeah. I'm which is Let's refer to create the someone who is meant to be a creative player against West Ham. I'm sure he will play I think authentically like them, you know, we saw when he first came in he played in that ball game is a game playing with Chelsea as well on any other scholar injury, which is sort of setting back a bit from the team, but I would love to see it. I would love to see him get more opportunities, but I'm not sure I understand. Yeah, yeah fair enough and I agree and just there was a second part to that question as well is there may be a possibility of him being put In at the number-10 position and maybe he and pepe kind of interchange a bit or vice versa. I know they were talking about that on the Arsenal Vision podcast. Could Pepe maybe be put into that number 10 position to accommodate Reese Nelson or is this all just way too fucking soon and I'm just getting excited because res Nelson Has cool hair and as fast as you guys will have to be so full of very very technical but it is great because she is quick and uniquely at least 40 hours. Just what I thought possibly so, you know and that is something a favorable draw would definitely do for us is give us an opportunity to experiment because now given the fact that we're out of the Europa League. All we have is the FA Cup and the Premier League and I don't realistically think that we're in a position where we could really make any experiments in the Premier League at the moment because somehow we are still up in the race. I mean, I don't think it's quite that realistic us getting a top 4 finish. But you know, you're hearing the murmurs about Manchester City possibly being banned from the champions league and you'd like to think that they're going to take up one of those top four positions. And if that is the case, then the fifth place team in the Premier League would qualify for the prestigious competition and Europe. That is far superior. May I just say to these? Shit one, we just got knocked out of but Alfie, I mean the thing is about it. We are in the position that we are in not only due to UNI Emery and maybe his tactical in abilities. I guess you could say but also the squad as a whole really just needs some serious improvements and I know that this was going to be the main kind of segment of the podcast. Yeah. I'll let you let you take the reins to this. I'll let you take the microphone and run this shit. And yeah, we're just gonna going to go through this and I think it'll be an interesting. Listen. Ladies and gentlemen. Yeah did this last year at this sort of stage? We saw did podcast I think was maybe an often difficult game is so dedicated to sort of how we'd reach the board in the summer and you know how we'd like to rebuild and so let's go through this one and saying what's you know how we giving a definitive statement on their future at the club? Alone, but you can resell them and I'm gonna put on - it down your every single player. You have to give a definitive not I'll maybe so many levels happens though definitive statement definitive the size of yeah, some of you Henry was not know. Yeah, so we might as well start burned Leonard extremely tall one this. Oh, I know so inconsistent cell now absolutely would keep him. He's been fantastic he He like many others on various social media platforms are saying is along with Pierre Emerick aubameyang. Basically. The only reason that we are not shoulder to shoulder with the likes of West Ham United and Watford because he has been a Saving Grace to us a season hasn't it? Exactly and happy birthday. Happy 28th birthday bunt if it's probably yes. Yeah. I completely suck him out. Can you really argue against that excellent Flex a sicilian gonna get some money. So, of course we have to keep him if we can I've heard of rumors going around that you know, so and put in Europe by many names are looking at, you know, maybe it would be a huge loss because also you can excellent. So of course keep low Martinez bit more debate around this one, but I would personally say keep I don't see the I don't see the reason behind, you know going for someone else. What's the point? He's clearly an able goalkeeper and you know, particularly we did get your point. Probably won't be playing that competition. Anyway, he's clearly capable of playing the in you know in the cops. So, why would we waste limited resources that we've got on, you know bringing someone else in? Yeah, I would definitely be inclined to agree and I saw you having a an exchange with another user on Twitter about this and I 100,000% agree. Maybe if we had the financial strength to do so then yeah, I would like another good source. Let goalkeeper to come in but really given the financial restrictions that were said to have as usual. I would really think that this like you said would be kind of a waste of time a waste of money and I think it's also worth noting Alfie. There's not really that many good goalkeepers out there that are just like, oh, yeah. Absolutely. I would like to be a number two. Hmm. Absolutely, you know, so you look at for example, exactly, okay. Hmm. Okay should go down the route of getting someone very young with potential. Yeah, but I would they believe ever Martinez has a number two, probably not probably not because you know goalkeeper kind of similarly to Center back is a position that requires a lot of experience, you know, the best goalkeepers tend to be in their 30s, you know, our late twenties at the youngest and yeah, so I think that would be a waste of time therefore I would keep Martinez. I'm not sure if he's the best number two that we can have but frankly. My concern is not who the best number to goalkeeper we can have is my concern is other areas of the pitch, which we'll get into here in a bit exactly. Ah, degree do the um 2D defensive area Hector Baron. Oh, you know, I've actually seen some debate about this one surprisingly. So and I can see I'll say this because you want I could see concerns. I can see either a concerns. Absolutely. Yeah, and I will give a definitive answer to this like I will to all of them good I would personally yes. I would personally keep him but there has been some concern like you were saying about his injury record things like that. Maybe him not looking as sharp, but people he just got back from a mega injury. He's going to need some time to find his former self again, really? I have to be patient with them. So I would keep Bella and personally I think he has a quite high ceiling and I think that we still are yet to see the best of him under McKellar Ted has jurisdiction. I think that he's a player that can that could really do. Well. Yeah. Anyway, would you think about what's your thoughts on better in though? I'd like to know because this is one that kind of divides opinion though, right often people have the same concerns. He has to be tricky since come back up. Maybe possibly maybe we want for you. You know, you may never take the pace that he joins us to the scene or you before the interest rate is not constant sort of I think next season. I think I have full faith in michelotto the best of it. So keep for me. And Alice are old Miller knows this is that I guess we'll don't in thoughts. Itself, and I think we're going to sell him to be honest. I wrote an article a while ago for your for for our website that did bits and it was basically saying that I think he could do the kind of Milner esk utility roll. I still kind of think that to be honest. I think there's a player there and Maitland Niles, but if our Ted is seeing something in training that we as supporters are not seeing It's clearly rubbing him the wrong way. Then then that is something that would concern me. He is English obviously so not to be kind of a douche bag or anything but a lot of English players go for ridiculously preposterously high fees, you know, and I I think we could get 15 20 million for him. I know I'd yeah, I think we could easily get around that figure. I mean You look at even I mean you look at some of the English players. I mean obviously he's not to the caliber of like a hairy McGuire but was McGuire worth anywhere near 80 million pounds absolutely not, you know, and it's just he would probably give us a lot of funds if we were to sell them. So my definitive answer I like that word to man. I'm probably going to use that a few pieces. I can't wait. My definitive answer is sell period yeah, he's hot Great, if I think maybe the cab caveat the counter-argument the counter-argument to that was a would be seen our tents of sort of question players bread in a short and you know, you know freeze payers up you think of an Easter basket make the bench. I'm going to go he's clearly, you know, change the ways trained and shot at a things you want to see and he's back in the squad. You know, it maybe looks like nose that's slightly more difficult for him then sorts of bars because that, you know there isn't that backup fallback if they can see anymore. Clearly because we got b-boy and Cedric and he will fill that void sake but even so send back one Cedric fit. So maybe that role isn't available from any more and he said a sort of utility player. I think we've got too much depth in each area of him to really be a proper utility player if I'm completely honest but Central Midfield again, we don't know the extent of Toreros injury heals. I'll be difficult him to break in there. So I think whilst him being utilities versatile player for the allowed him to break into the scored in the first place because you know who's filling in those fullback are I think at the same time it's saw detriment been to the detriment of his development in one's own area and I was sort of leaving him. On you know, what needed not necessary in a squad exactly. So I think yeah, I would agree. I think this summer is probably the time to cash in on May the nose. This is not the worst thing. You know, it's not the worst. It hasn't quite worked out for him to be you know, a brilliant player because he's still come for the first time because he still come through the academy and you know that would sort of treat has a success because also we don't have paper and maybe you can get 15 20 million friend that sort of good business. So yeah, I would also be bought on board our men on us to be talking to be so just so yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's hard to disagree with that. I think a lot of people's opinion on that have probably changed as of late just seeing has arteta is so Keen to keep him out of the out of the starting lineup, you know, and I mean, he's using a 31-yard centre-back ahead of it right back. So whoo. Yeah, whoo notably is not exactly like, you know, you could imagine maybe a David Luiz playing on the right or something like that, but it is Socrates. That's playing as a right-back ahead of Ainsley Maitland miles that I think that pretty much is indicative over the fact that he is pretty much done and less he starts really impressing the boss and training free or believe set out because he's resting place. Well, he's only your hair or six months. I'mi'm at everybody them out. He's autistic. She was holding that Fe Taos some personal training. Yes definitiveness is key. Okay, so I'm going to use some some rhyme and some reason in my definitive answer. I would probably have to keep Louise because like they were saying on the arse gasps. He's got two years left on his contract. We just signed them. He's not going to leave. It's really that simple. So Louise Saliba is going to be coming in obviously from his season-long loan that we left him with say Daddy and for for this for the season, so I got Louise Saliba. I think Murray is going to be sine on a permanent. I think those three what I just did there that was pretty cop out is she from me because those are definitely the easiest 3. So now I've left myself in a bit of a hole Chambers. I don't think we could actually sell at the moment because he's going to be out for another nine months. I think it is or something crazy. So realistically we're not going to be able to sell them. So I think he's going to be another one that has to say. books, there's no choice I would like to keep holding so that would be my five that I would keep and then I would sell so your settings or caucus so I would sell stood around it. I would say it's I know it's like it's like my other partners you want to say in like a hundred different ways. But yeah, I would try to sell Socrates but I think pretty similarly to Louise. I don't think he would leave he's got a year left on his contract at the end of the season if I'm not mistaken, so I don't I'd be hard to get much for him. Yeah, and I think his next move actually, he's been very transparent about his next move is either going to be Stateside and or over to Asia. I think Arsenal was the is going to be the last big club that he pays place for so I think yeah, I would try to sell Socrates but realistically I don't know if we could actually do that. I would probably sell my rapanos because again referencing the arse cast Apparently my rapanos is injured again and I think for me but really yeah, that's I've seen started very well for Nuremberg and I was injured. Yep. Supposedly he's injured again. And I think that's pretty much I think that's the end of his Arsenal dream to be honest. He doesn't have a very good injury record as a so. I would sell Socrates smother upon us. And then who did I leave out stuff almost stuffy? Yeah, but I would definitely sell my stuffy. Just I know he's had a Resurgence of sorts and I'd like to hear your list see if maybe you disagree with me over any of them. But shit, I think if anything now is the time to some of stuff he because he's actually hit some form and we could get some money for him. One of the few centre-backs that we can yeah. You know what we get from here on wait until after the contract. I think he's been excellent on a michelada to add as much as you do want to build for the future. You've got some experience in are not experience will be vital. So yeah, I definitely agrees with the one year left salad bar or Saliba again another one done how to pronounce it yet. We'll see ya. I'll sell him actually. I'm joking. I wasn't raised terrible terrible. That's what is one. They'll be staying Mustafa condo again. As you said, he's got a he's got a bit of a Resurgence. But then again do we really know if it's a resurgent while we just hating is exclam so stay and as you said a Resurgence is great time to sell it because you know clubs what I think will be interested. And if you're looking at the reader out contracts in the following summer in 2021, it is mustafi Louisa crosses. Who are you going to get money for the staffie? You know, he's a lot younger and you No, he's been in a bit of good form. So mr. Freakin go. I think Maverick panels can go now. I think it's just looking too hard for him to break him particularly with celebrate coming in and I was no longer the youngest player in there with you know, the rule which is a shame because I don't think there is a player in manner. He started to show it Nuremberg but injuries clearly a problem. Yeah. I think my repentance is out the door. Chambers as he said can't really sell it feels day. I'm not sure we will sign Marie permanently. If I'm honest, I think I mean we've heard rumors that art ever wants to someone else and I definitely looking at bringing someone else in I think there's this quality needed in there and we don't have the requisite quality to damage the Champions League or to even wind approach which is eventually what billing for we don't have the quality there. And I think we do need a marquee signing in there someone we haven't something we haven't been able to do of late so I would hmm I would sign someone else and I probably well if I had the power to Summary, I wouldn't be surprised if we did but I actually don't think we will as I said and so crafted and holding other tool I think of sort of in the balance I think as you said I'd probably end but I would again I would understand it. If we did let him go. I need to be definitively holding up. I'm good, maybe bit controversial but 24 and this must a piano. Panels keeps Oliver now the rulers it keeps all about Jenna Louise subtitle for hmm. Holy key Chambers. But yeah, definitely as I just feel like they're going to sign marry and to be honest. I think they're probably going to sign Cedric to even though we haven't even seen him but I've got this funny especially with Cedric is he'll be free signing on feel be a bitch, but I think what Think we're gonna bring both of them in I think it was a reason that we went went for them so hard on loan. So I think they'll both end up being Arsenal players whether or not that's a mistake or not. I guess time will tell right Max. It's not a 3D space, of course for me and second as they open your eyes. To be honest, I don't know if he was on that boat a couple a and I'm nights ago. It's a bigger games. I would get rid of classmates controversial. I would like it longer Kettleman not his biggest fan if I'm completely honest but that is my verdict. That is my definitive enough. We could probably a decent money for him as well as his prime. Yeah. I mean, well any any amount would be a prophet as well definitely worth noting because we sign up for free obviously so I could see where you're coming from with that. I have to be honest and this is going to play a direct part in one of my sellings later. Oh, I would keep colossian church because I'm not so sure that suckers going to be consistently deployed in a left-back position. Yeah. I think that's kind of an emergency kind of thing granted. He's done quite well there but I don't think for the long term. Oh, yeah, true. I you know, it's you know, it's funny. I actually just wrote an article for pain in the arse. And actually, I'm sorry. Yeah, I wrote an article for pain in the arse at all about how well he's done and I'm not going to say what it's about. I'll send it to you when it's posted but it's going to be good one. Bastard you guys ever have a guy like Alf in your life man. Come on outside. I need your support. I need your support bed. Good man. Good man, but I can if I speak I'm in trouble now. Now so I would be inclined to keep soccer though. Just because of something I'll get into a bit later a bit further. All right. Yeah, keep keep collection Edge. Obviously. I keep Sokka just because of something further up the pitch and honestly both tyranny and collection edge of shown. That they're pretty injury-prone. So maybe keeping all three and that department would not be such a bad idea fair enough. I guess you can make that make that argument. We start a bit all over the place are Granite Checker Midfield will be shaping this Midfield. Please add it's a difficult area. Yeah, it is an ion will be honest. So I think Jack is probably one of the people that will stay there. I think arteta quite likes them to he loves him. I don't know. But yeah, I think you've I think yeah Chaka. Wow, he must be a smooth talker or something because every manager that's ever had him absolutely loves him. So he's kind of weird when you think obscure isn't the man but you take him out with the Midfield it sort of. It feels like there's a whole if you get me like it's doesn't feel right, but he's not their place after and he is sort of one of the first in the tickets. Yeah, I do too. And I was I was talking to a Liverpool fan. That's a friend of mine at work and He was saying that xhaka kind of reminds him of Arsenal's Henderson kind of like it and the sense of he doesn't really seem like he's that good but it's like when he's not in the team there was very clearly something missing, you know, and he just he I think he has a good amount of leadership on him. He's are in him. He's turned things around since it looked like he was just halfway out the door under una Emery's dare. I say it jurisdiction. But yeah, he's turned it around and I think he's been phenomenal similarly to Devon Louise. I think they've probably been the best two players under arteta and I would I would keep him because of his quality and just because of the fact that I think he wants to say and I think our Ted I want them to stay and he sings to his base always very good districts of the ball from Des Peres. Yeah, I'd agree but rest of the field, I guess we could talk about other collectives or similar. To the set up your lunch today. Yeah. I would say but I will assume we won't support science a bios or would you say we will I'm assuming we won't either. Every other depends on how much Madrid won really I mean if sedan is just completely fucking desperate to get them off the books and we could sign them for maybe a good what's the figure been 30 million? Is that the one that gets 44? Yeah. It's kind of deep to be honest. It's a bit expensive. I'm not sure why it's probably go for it. I like it would yeah, I like him and I think he's great. I think he's a really good player and I think he will become very good. I don't think the club will necessarily though. Hmm, and I don't think I don't know if well, it will be able to pull it off to be honest. Particularly. Say Champions League. What a 22 or 23? I can't remember 23, so but nonetheless still very young player. I mean and he looks good as he's definitely been a better signing than Luis Suárez. Wish I wish then that Daniel Suarez and yeah, so I would like to keep him but you haven't probably have to agree. I don't think the club well, so if I could keep period however, I don't take five I agree with you. I don't think we well I think the couple probably send it back to Madrid. Mmm. So sad Nosa bias next season probably Shaka. Tara stays for me. Yeah, Torero will stay and I would keep him. Yeah, but I think we need someone else in there. And I know you wrote a piece on Thomas party controversial one. Yeah, but for me, that would be a phenomenal signing if we could pull it off. I don't think we can but yeah, it would be very good. But either way I think we need a bit more or less as I'm in this middle of the park someone a bit different to to our Maybe. Bit more physically imposing to solve rotate and offer something different. So yeah, he's also very good on the ball. So I would be looking at keeping Tara and bringing in someone else. I think that's fair enough. Absolutely. Yeah, and you kind of did sway me on the par later and I have to be honest fair play. It's what I do. Yeah, use your damn stats, man, and they hypnotize me. No, I mean I mean to be fair. I thought just because the times I've watched him. He's looked like some water for brute really, you know, just like a typical athletic or player, you know, just a guy who will just go out to fucking break legs kind of thing. But shit if he's got on the ball as well as being that kind of bull in the china shop esque midfielder than I'm all for him. I was I was really on board with with rabiot when we were talking about selling Shaka because I don't think rabiot is a out-and-out defensive midfielders more boxed. Ox, but given the fact that I would want to keep Shaka now, I would actually not go in for rabiot. Even though he is a player. I have a soft spot for I love his douchery and his odd just I think you'd fit in so well here I think he's he's excellent ball playing midfielder. He would just do but I mean imagine a Midfield with a guy like parts and then a guy like rabiot and it as well that wouldn't be ridiculous. That would be Sensational I was going to say sorry else, but I'll leave it. Okay, but it's just it's just unrealistic and like we were saying in our writers group chat. It is hypothetical transfers FC. But this is this is not hypothetical transfer FC segment. This is keep self segment and I would keep Tara at but like you said, I would also look to bring in another may be more physically imposing defensive midfielder as well. mmm, Gwen doozy I don't think you could sell Gwen doozy at the moment unless a ridiculous fee comes through from there were talking about maybe PSG coming in on the Arts gas but it looks like if they were to offer you 50 million in the summary taking that I see ya. It's weird because I don't think 50 millions that much money and it is like a rocket. Yeah, I is he worth that? Probably not. Well not at the moment anyway. So it's difficult, isn't it? Because I like Gwen doozy. I like what he brings to the table. I think he has a lot of potential and I do not want him to be the one that got away and I think that if we were to sell him for 50 million pounds and he turns out to be a fucking world-class Mainstay in the French national team that we're going to be kicking the shit out of ourselves after that. So I would keep going to Zeke personally. I think he still has a future with the club and I Arteta, maybe disciplining the strong yet poorly behaved dog. I guess you could pair up to I don't know is going to get the best out of him eventually. Yeah, ah degree. I think again as you said 50 million, I don't know if I would accept that if if we get to get something ridiculous like 70 our final most impossible. But yeah, I would keep And oozes where I think as you just said, he's disciplined in not just sort of psychologically I guess but he's also disciplined him in terms of position lie. He looks like you know when when arteta first came in he looked like he didn't really fit a structured team. He didn't we couldn't really play any but when it was chaotic on the emery he excelled hmm recently. He has started to look more and more at ease in arteta Midfield in a structured Midfield. He's a lot better position lie. and he's becoming less sloppy on the ball which sometimes he was a bit of a liability in that sense and yeah I'll keep an Uzi as well someone else sort of along similar lines young midfielder Joe Willock hmm Joe looks difficult you know because I think similarly to when doozy under Emery he looked pretty good didn't he you know I mean he looked like a constant threat I don't think he's looked horrible or anything under our Ted about I don't think he's really looked all that great dare I say it you know I think he's kind of like the times that arteta puts him on it seems like he has for Murph but I'm not it's been a bit Hit and miss. Yeah. It's like when you play the guy that only plays as a Defender and I'm speaking directly from experience by the way up in the Midfield or in a forward position and they have they just have that look on their face. They're on their face and the way they play kind of makes it seem as though they have no idea what the fuck they're supposed to be doing and I think that will look is kind. Have been experiencing that under arteta because like you said it's a more structured style. There's more structure under arteta. Whereas under fucking memory. It was just a shit show and it was let's see who can I don't know. Let's see who could jump off the bridge and fucking break their neck the most dramatic way, you know, it was like whereas under our teto's like is there a limit? I don't even know man. Whereas other arteta there's an element of all right, man. So good. We got this under control, you know, we solve that to no Victory against Portsmouth second half completely dictated the game. They weren't even in it. Basically. Yeah, and I think if you look stylistically when Jo will expend his best this season, it's been as you said in sort of a chaotic playing but also you could say more of a counter-attacking sighs, you know, he's very good at driving with the ball from from Deep areas and and driving us forward and you know, if Take it out Frankfort game away. You was absolutely superb and that was when we were playing mainly on the brake and maybe he doesn't suit a possession based style as much I've seen some people say he's not technically as great as you'd maybe hope and this stage of his career, you know, he's not going to pick a brilliant pass is he, you know, and I have my needle pass, you know, I think yeah, we haven't seen as much of his ability to break into the box and get into goalscoring opportunities, which is something that looks really promising in preseason and early in the we haven't seen that as much under arteta or even in the you know the late stages of una Emery and that's something I'd like to see more from him I still think they're there we've got to give them a bit more time to develop and I do think our tester can maybe help him in those sort of technical areas to improve so I would always keep him perhaps alone I don't know maybe laughter well yeah I've got be definitive and I I'd keep him first off of the Season where he'll get a lot of game time and then maybe alone in the second half of next season hmm depending on how he does in the first off their season yeah I'm keeping we'll look I would keep will look to I think there's there is a definitely a player there he's a midfielder who can score goals I do think that alone would help him out greatly though however if we were to loan him I would just want us to kind of make sure that we loaned him to a team that kind of has a possession based style of play Hmm, so he doesn't develop in that area. Exactly. Yeah, so it doesn't just come back and he's like well shit, I was just like counter attacking football playing every game with whoever it may be and I'm expected to play position-based. I have no clue what I'm doing, you know, so I think a loan is on the could be on the cards for we'll look I don't think that would hurt him at all. But I would still keep him keep him on the books. Yeah fair play Meza OZO You gotta sell those. Oh really, but I don't think he's going to leave. Yeah, I think he's got go and I've been over this so many times but he's creative assets are declining he's not as is not as creative as he once was his key pass / 90 is XA / 90 has gone down significantly in the last two years from from his absolutely group glorious numbers they used to put up he was a brilliant player but he's declined that is the the harsh reality and the wage the wage bill that he's costing the club is digging into our resources so if we can get rid of him this is sounds sounds a bit mean for someone who has given a lot to the club but I do yeah if we can get if we can get something for him you know he's another that's got a year left I think in this summer if we can get something if we can get rid of having to pay 350k a week for someone who's not really providing the wife of someone that should be providing what am I saying you know I'm saying if he's not if he's not providing that you know if we can get something for him this Summer weed if we don't have to pay another wet however million we have to pay him each in a season then it will be worth it and you know we should be looking to replace him with someone bit more Dynamic someone a bit more suited to the modern game who's going to be you know can fit into a pressing system more and Will contribute more offensively, you know, he'll have productivity in the final third which has or hasn't had for a while now. Yeah, I would completely agree and it's just a matter of whether or not we can actually sell them just before we move on to the to the front to the forward players. I've wanted to ask you this though and we'll just power through that those forward colors just because I see we are running out of time. Yeah, any particular name that you fancy to replace those that look we somehow managed to so I have one. And that is Brenda. I think he's extremely under a I don't see how he hasn't got more credit because Again, statistically, I mean, he's up there with out. He's the second best creative second most creative player in the Premier League, you know in terms of chances created in terms of X AP 1910. So keep passes per 90. He is only Kevin De bruyne us beard being him this season and people say he's not starting. He's made over 20 starts for the origin the premier this season playing in a pretty poor team. He's also got quite a few assists. I think it's five or six. Yes in terms of All threat is not it doesn't do it. But I think he'd be a perfect replacement for us all and he probably go quite cheap because he sort of gone weirdly under the radar. So yeah, I think that's a good shot hadn't really heard that one be mentioned too much only 23, you know, so maybe it would be a good long-term good long-term replacement there and you know know which they play they play good football because I know so when it be that big of a and I think he is a Better than the likes of greenish and Madison some will say anything controversial but I think he's better. He's more creative. He's less of a goal for it. But he is a more creative player. Yeah. Well, I think a lot of people, you know, they don't really notice that the Argentinian was signed from had toffee over there in La Liga to tune origin had half a the last few years have been fucking phenomenal, you know and over-performing massively and obviously he contributed That and to some extent. So yeah, maybe that is a good shout. I personally I like grealish. But yeah, I wouldn't be too opposed to that. I would definitely be a hell of a lot cheaper than real issue. What do ya mean like we were talking about earlier that English price tag really really comes to comes to mind doesn't it? Um, I really liked zeh, maybe they're you know, I know that he could or should have Yes, judge. I've to be fair to Chelsea. That is a class signing and I'm horribly fucking jealous. I don't know why we weren't in for to be honest. But yeah, fuck you Chelsea Money Talks. Um, yeah, maybe that maybe Bundy would be a good show. Let's move on to the Fortress line and then we'll take some questions you all this bad boy to a close Pepe. God keep him Shirley. Yeah, no question. Keep should kick on the second second off this second season and you know, he's showing the signs we can't afford to cash in and someone we've just been 72 million on so that's a no brainer Saca got a time down to a new contract. No questions asked. Yeah supposedly there's been a development in that. I don't know if you've heard about it. I haven't no supposedly according to He's let me Source it here because it's up 10. No, not that not that good. Whatever. I can't find it. So doesn't matter. Um, I saw on a couple of headlines that were quote-unquote get this close horse head to devote yourself. Yes, but losing I think it closed again on a new deal. Yeah. I think it's I think we will sign them though. I think he probably wants to stay even if we don't qualify for any kind of Opinion competition. I know that's kind of been a concern for people people saying oh if we don't get into the Europa League, then he might not sign I would disagree. I think that suck as a pretty smart kid. And I think that he sees the amount of game time that is there for him with us. So I don't think he will try to move I do think you get game time at another team to be fair, but I think that you pretty well likes playing here and under our Ted has I'm going to say the j-word again jurisdiction. So yeah, I think we'll I end up keeping him and I think that's a good thing because he's been one of our best players as of late and I would ya keep period that's it. No, no keep exclamation point Fairplay Mall Cinelli keep of course. No, no less. Well, if someone came in with a hundred billion Chuck Shurley box kept tellin ya 80 minutes ATM I think you have so still hmm. Yeah degree for what we brought in with. But yeah, of course keep Martinelli. Yeah. Definitely Reese Nelson. I would keep him as well. I think even before last night. I thought Reese Nelson had a bright future. Yeah, but just cut off alone Meghan. That is a possibility. I will say. It really depends though, but nonetheless I would keep him yea-ah degree and maybe do a similar thing to what I said. We'll look, you know, given the first off next season to soar. Mmm develop under arteta and you know get games and you know, Europa League, hopefully not but even Champions League Cup games, you know rotating and then second off the season if he's sort of not developed enough to be playing regular in the first team, maybe even another loan a team playing similar style of football to us. And Katia keep yeah, you have to keep in Kitty and I won't send them on alone either that would keep him at the club. I agree. He's looking really good. A bombing lacazette sort of grouped together, I guess. Yeah, how are you approaching? This this is probably one of the biggest talking points, I guess. Yeah, I think you go all out to try to keep our bombing Yang and why pozzo from the books and then you sell like a zit? I I just I have a hard time believing that us keeping luck is that for the long-term future given his pretty Torrid form for a large portion of the Season would be a good idea and I think that we could allocate some funds for I'm so I would I would try to sell lacazette personally and I would try really hard to keep a balmy Aang if we can't keep up on me Aang and let's say a Barcelona come in for him then I don't know that maybe you want to keep lock is that though because you I don't think the realistically I know I know but there's so many hypotheticals. I can definitively sell lacazette keep up on me Yang, but there's there's things that can happen. You know, that might change science, you know, really the most difficult. I think it depends on his own. I think if we don't get Champions League, I'd be selling both I think I'll buy me a ring, you know, if we if we don't get Champions League it's time to properly rebuild and you know this sort of project of signing these experienced players like Albania lacazette me Katara in you know, tigers or down you'd have to say it's failed. We haven't been able to get back into the chamber vegan three years and I think Alabama and obviously wouldn't want to stay neither would lacazette and we take the offers that we get for the I think if we do get Champions League football our degree I think black is it probably has to go I think and I do think he can re you know get back into the form you know that he was showing but yeah I think he has to go he hasn't contributed enough goals is again it's a bit harsh but that is the reality of it and I'll be looking to get rid of black as a and keep up I'm saying if we get Champions League football if we can you know maybe not a full length new length contracts you probably want a bit of a raise but maybe an extension you know one or two years would do it be our degree at there's a lot of variables That sort of impacts that impact that decision which we don't know yet. So I'd agree there. But yeah, that is the entirety of the squad. I guess you could say a meal Smith row keep for me. But yeah, don't forget Nick at Aryan as well. Yeah fucking keep him build a team around him. I'd say to be honest. I mean then I love you his highlight of his up your Pierre on the come out. I hear that was it service is making toys. They are quality stuff. Do you have one you have one on your desk in front of me right now? Yeah. Oh, wow. Oh Mickey Talia Oh Me. Kataria, Oh my God, OB. Kataria. Alfie I'm so happy to hear singing on this podcast. It's usually just me so that's great to hear ya Let's go here you go on with it. Yes. Well here how about this? Let's get into the questions. Yep, and then we'll draw this bad boy to close so you can go play some football and I can do whatever I'm going to do for the next three hours or so until I have to eat dinner. yep let me see how long I got yeah you know I got that question from Twitter from a really awesome supporter of us that DM to me please leave a rating - his name is Matt yeah sweet guy thank you very much yes and his handle is God so God officially likes our podcast I actually If you don't mind, I hope you've taken this time to bring up your questions because I do I actually would like to ask him last that because I think the question you provided to us was actually quite a good one. Thank you Max. Thank you God for providing us with that question because culture to read it here at the end of the episode. She just that one good. She's Geisha what we got. Well, Jay underscore law. Evil 31 are simply would you start and Ketty on the weekend considering that as its form and considering his form? Yes, and I think in KT rolster actually this weekend as well. I think I've said has been really impressed with them. Obviously. He's seeing things from the youngster in training that he wants to see from Ainsley Maitland miles. So Maitland Niles may be time to take some notes from your buddy there because he's clearly doing everything, right? Training and to be fair. He's doing most things he does right on the pitch as well. So yes, I would start and Katia against West Ham. I would agree. Yeah AFC on the score all the way all the way or AFC underscore all underscore. The underscore way says do you think it's time to change to a fourth III as we're not creating the volume of chance would we chances we'd like in a 4-2-3-1. What are your thoughts I? don't think so necessarily I don't think we necessarily of the players that suit a 4-3-3 hmm as in I don't think I would struggle to see where shackle would play in the fourth year in that yes you could put them at the base as sort of a Roger E-Type figure however that could leave us a big expose in the counter-attack because we don't have that Mobility we've seen that under Emery when Shaq was played at the base of the three can he play on the on the side of a 3 I don't know if he has that the mobility because that sort of role normally gets up and down a bit more and I don't think others will can necessarily fit in that Midfield 3 in that he you know he doesn't have the defense of awareness hmm to sort of fit that role I guess if you were to mix it up maybe you could put your at ereira Gwen doozy a NASA bios or even a will look in there they could probably play it but I don't think we have the Personnel at the moment to do that and I do think we will start creating more a higher volume of chances the more sort of arteta works in the system yeah I would pretty much say the same things I said I'd be inclined to agree I don't think that Özil especially would be able to handle the just way higher amount of responsibility bestowed onto him for playing in a number 10 is in a 4-3-3 kind of formation because as a number 10 and a 4-3-3 you have a shit ton of responsibility not the number 10 doesn't already have a shit ton of responsibility for say but but it's just so much more what defensive onus on you exactly and I think like you said maybe Sebelius there but even then I'm not so sure so not quite for me I would keep on with the 4-2-3-1 I think it just provides us with a bit more control agreed and up the Reds underscore Liverpool fan Your Arsenal move says how does this current LFC side compared to the invincibles well I'll start you off with that Ben you're not invincible so that's that's one difference you can point out ya been and if anything you want to say then I mean the invincibles are one of the best teams to ever play in the Premier League you watch highlights of them and you will be watching highlights of them 100 years from now I'm not so sure I could say the same thing about Workhorse FC you're good don't get me wrong but never ever compare never put them in the same sentence again please let's see here why now them for Camp Siri on re4 mean for me no I think that pretty much to be longer enough so Campbell come on now easy easy easy the invincibles are the superior team you've got a good team don't get me wrong and it is nice if you see somebody just knock Manchester City the fuck off their oil money but perch ouch but you're no we're living a suppose actor Ian even our shit is stinkier than your Presley yeah so yeah go fuck yourself Ben I'm sorry I'm sorry nah keep keep listening give it a good review map yeah that's it to be honest wasn't wasn't the greatest turn out after enough to those are some good so yeah so yeah aside from bends and then you know we'll we'll wrap question but then go just go away just kidding please listen next week thanks shout out to God like I said Max Fury 1997 on Twitter I asked if he had a question he said yeah, do you realistically think within the next five years are Teddy will be the man to win the Prem with us providing the board back him as well once again God thank you for your support we really appreciate it and keep on listening and if you leave a review but we'd really appreciate it thank you so much no baking it to answer the question I mean possibly yeah it's hard to say but I'm yeah I'm going to back or Tessa and I'm going to say he is the next awesome anger oh picture Faith okay good 22 years but five years possibly yeah I think the board will back him and I think this is our time to back a manager and back their philosophy yep I would agree and I actually think this may be a bit of an Popular opinion from my point of view, but I actually think us appointing Moon. I am re prior to a pointing arteta was kind of a good idea. He was kind of a stopgap appointment if you like and I know that maybe the board didn't actually see it that way but it did kind of work itself out like that. I think that Emery did kind of put us in this weird position where it was like for once we had a boss and charge it was Like I don't really have any attachment to this fucker. So get him out of there. You know what I mean? Whereas like under finger. It was like you wanted him out, but it was like man. This guy has just provided me with some really good times, but he's passed it. Where's with Emery was like, yeah, fuck that guy. And I think our Ted is like kind of a mixture between the two, isn't it? I mean, he's won the FA Cup with us. He was obviously a former Arsenal player, but like we were saying when he was first appointed he's Arsenal legend or anything like that so he definitely if his form as a manager I guess you could say kind of starts to go sour I think he will get shot up but God to answer your question I think that he could very well be the man to win us the Premier League again if like you said the board back us but that is really the question isn't it will the board Bacchus and I think they've shown promising signs as of late more promising than they did Under better because itís obviously but um the continent yeah fuck that guy who supposedly ruining AC Milan now to so does that really surprise you piss poor individual piss-poor what is this is what is he a CEO fuck knows we are seeing really well it's Harris not he's completely bald um I would I would keep arteta for a long time along with his magnificent hair and I think that his handsome chiseled perfect amount of five o'clock shadowed face maybe the one reflecting off of Arsenal's next Premier League trophy ladies and gentlemen you love to hear it yeah you love to hear it you love to listen if you love to listen please leave a review on whatever platform you can also if you got a question you want us to ask on the next episode you just gotta DM me man Max was like the first dude I never got a question from do you realize how much of a lawmaker like Alfie has like all the questions yeah I get like none I look like such a loser I look like a chess-playing when you are ginger so it's fun to be the case come on seriously my life is already difficult enough can you please just ask you some question Max even you baby if you got another one ask me please I need it I need to inject her questions and to my Ginger veins ah need to go yes Alfred is to go play football Alfie before we wrap up today marketing opportunity of a lifetime we love you all sort of CO2 UK forward slash articles give them a read and they have a really good writer on their name Daniel Fenton be sure to specifically check out his articles as well follow me on Twitter as well at Daniel underscore Fenton ladies and gentlemen thank you for listening once again and we hope to see you motherfuckers next week see it I see lots to do