Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about breeding. How do we get started breeding? Teddy started breeding we first have to start with good stock. I will say get your stock from a trusted Source now the source that talks about them Birds going to brag about their Birds if your birds are truly good you don't have to brag about you know, how to talk about what everybody else is talking about. Sometimes people will downplay somebody. That's really good to make themselves feel better or because of personal reason whatever it may be sometimes look into that. That might be the person when you get to a person the person are downplaying the trying to steal you away from people steal you away from certain people because they know once you get that person's Birds, they won't be able to compete with them, but they won't go get the birds themselves, which is kind of retarded to me. I'm not going to be holding. I'm not going to sugarcoat too much stuff on here, but I'm not going to disrespect nobody either but some people really Dude, save some of the stupidest things when it comes to breeding rollers. They say their toilet person is beating you the only reason why you beating me because you got birds from such. Wow, that right to me is so retarded because if you know, that's why they beaten you. Why won't you get the same Birds? And the reason I found that they don't do any because they have something personal get the person or they being jealous of that person and that is a true meaning of being a hater. We know somebody's good enough to get somebody else numbers and they can beat you if you don't get the bird because you said whatever your personal reason is. That's the definition of a hater. That's the true hater. Just an opinion. They said it's not based on facts just based on hatred. And jealousy, so since we pass that part, we got the header thing out the way let's go to the next thing was after getting you some birds that do what you need them to do mean it got some big names out there. I'ma stay a few. Yeah Jerry Higgins you got the norm re Burrows, which the bird that founded the Jerry Higgins burgers and you got the software Africans and South Africans in the birds from England many ports. I said Imports we got all of them were those are the popular Birds right now. So now do you have other people such as myself which is my Birds going to have known in English stuff in them gonna import stuff in them, but it does have the read / Higgins version with my base Birds, which is the smoke Birds. What you think that I'll just give you an idea. I'm not I'm telling you now don't ask me because I'm not selling numbers right now. I'm just not. but So you get those birds? Okay. The thing is you'll know which ones to get just because you get those birds don't mean you going to be automatically good. You have to get the ones that's going to do what you need to do with got no which burgers are good for what whispers are for this whisper before death Whispers. Our frequency Whispers kick best was words have kidney problems. You got know that the sad thing about it is is all do is a got them birth to have them problems won't tell you that they have the problems. That's a sad thing. Jonesboro stick tight. No, they don't they're wrong with ease. Yes. They do. They commit on the brakes. Yes. They do all their frequent. Yes. They are clear all correctly. Yes they do. So we fly high not most of the time unless you trim the fly. Are they good? Are they would it be a good base? Yes, they will with I encourage it. Yes, I will. But you still have to understand something from the Breeders besides Robert Parker. Hollywood who got the bird that was selling them Hollywood Robert Parker and worm decided people. Those are the people that's currently actively that have them verse 12 that that work that was selling at one time besides them dudes. The other Jerry Higgins you have Johnny Smith. You gotta understand something Johnny Smith and Jerry like their births early in deep. Sometimes it can be a little hot. Yes, just what they like and you got keep in mind if that's what they like. That Santa is a breeder, but he's a he's a superb flyer so he can take birds that are just pretty good at making look damn good. He can make birds that are really good. Make them look great. That's just who he is this what he can do. If you go to worm just understand the physiology of the birds the physical makeup the phenotype with the genes that are there at his disposal. He understands that, you know, I get the best out of the birds without he don't have to fly a kit. Hey guys, it was fossil Birds. Hollywood is moreover pedigree person, but he does fly get burnt. But he do pay attention to pedigree a lot some his birds birds are based on how important your arm because the pedigree not performance. And that's just that's just a breakdown of the numbers right there. So you can choose who to get some from he can get some from a little bit from each of them and be all right. Okay now. Once you decide what your base is find out what their strengths are. He found with their strengths are you weren't charged with you can't improve on their weaknesses at the same time without losing their strength. How do we do that? Identify the strengths first and then identify the weaknesses and tell the truth to yourself be true to yourself. These said yourself. These birds can be better if Or they will be better when that's what you got to say to yourself. So what they lacan where we think they like and you got bring it in this clip how you bring it in is you go to a trusted Source that's known for the traits that you lack it and you bring them in methodically. It's got to be a method. It can't just grab any one. You got grabbed certain ones to put to the right Birds to get what you want. That's when you start getting some serious breeding. Can we start thinking seriously like that? and start breathing Burns for that their traits not just because they roll your birds would be a lot better like but I'm tired of right now. It's hard of hearing do is getting burst while you over the place. The first thing they say they're going to beat somebody. Man, first you got to beat yourself and get out there and race and race and pictures and flotsam kids before you can say you can beat anybody. Could you going to find out that that dream you pushing is going to come to and real quick? So you got your birds you got the traits now you fly on heart you I mean why I'm hard don't fly on five months and stocking flying hard. See what they really got in them when it's hot some days kick him out some days when it's hot. You see which birds can't go to some try to handle heat which one just going to give up really readily give up. You gotta know this kind of stuff after you do this. Your next step is after you after you fly you bring it in you get the gift. All Season the next season see if they can handle the whole holdover see if they don't come on hot over there develop body in the kit box. Are they gonna cook wedding cake box? Some birds are going to kick boxing through a lockdown going 10 feet when we come back out there 40 50 feet. You need to know if that happens when the way you'll notice that is happening. If you do it. If you do it, you make your notes which pair do it which pair does this and keep notes fellas keep notes because you're not gonna remember everything. I'm sorry. You're not going to remember everything. So now you got your birds. You got your first season down Pac-Man going to a second season. I'm taking mine toward the end of your first season is when you start thinking about your second season could even flew the birds a few months you got an idea of who's doing what and who's not doing this. So you can see the birds at through the barber. She's a bird third Brothers. Don't kick if that happens. You see the birds the birds came in early and they hanging these birds are getting better. They was getting rid of right for a lock-up got write all that down. Write it down write. I don't really cord. Let's get in gear before lock up the universe bumped at this time, right all that stuff down. So now the next season come your and no one's peers, you know, you shouldn't put back together and you know the ones you should just put back together just to have ensure you're going to have some good burgers coming out. We switch them around you can see my see different stuff happening. Now, if the same trade happen with a bird you would you read the year before in the same bad thing happened. Is that bird most likely in you should not use it for a third season do so much with it. Put it back in the kids. Give it back to substance to think about that. You might have bothering somebody might have bought falls out of money. And now you want to try to make sure it worked. That's the hard part you got for you got figure out what do with that bow. Advise you not to try to be in the third season in three times might be trippin might be the charm, but I wouldn't be too courtesies. Okay. Now you can Bridge the first season second season. Okay. Now you find out that your you got Checkers and reds and stuff like that. He said hey why my Ray bursts deeper. Look at your maintenance. Wait a minute. I put two red birds together here and they both carry these to check Birds came from this person. Okay, I understand switch them up. It's what your mother simple as that and then fly those babies you can do a lot of switching to figure out which ones are the pair's which work burgers are the burgers just a deer. It's a lot of trial and error. That's why when dues be just getting the birds. Just get it get some bird. They say they're going to be getting this competitions and when they don't even have a kid don't know how to kick on act. Come on man. Miss me with that. There's no way. They just get into a competition. Let me just getting a birthday company. So they flew all these birds all these traits and selected. But the government flying in two years. I'm like dude you talking to Keith nothing. I'm not a dummy. I know you ain't breaking it all that breathing and fly and no two years is not going to happen in and you got a hawk so you don't have about 3 to 5 months to fly. So when all this flying take place so anyway, so he did all this breeding you got everything together and then he freaking out there want this pair right? Here is really really really good. So what you what I would suggest is when he gets that third season the bird if you have some bird lifting and rigging appears from the first season being nose in it start getting rid of the birds is giving you all the problems. I want to say you pay $3 bird tell me you got some acting and I'll get it my father away if you want to or just let all give it to somebody all know whatever you want to kill it. I'm all know, but you shouldn't read it and I want some awesome because I was without telling them. Why you sell it Tim. Are you selling it? They'll know I'm big. I'm giving this bird because if they still want to buy it and you tell them truth. So be it. You're not you're not being a bad person by doing that long. You told him true. What the bird why you selling? So be it if they still want to get it so big I asked him some birds from Jeremy them and stuff like that. I had when I got home, I told him I don't want them because they did this they didn't care so a bottle no. No, I told him I said, I'm telling you they say, okay I got maybe you put your own thing and maybe so you welcome to try. So we'll try to do all these do all this kind of stuff. I don't know much about everybody burst. I use the embarrassed why I know I know a little something about is pretty much. Okay. Now we got that basic stuff down. So I got to I got asked a question today. That's question was how do you choose a proven here? First of all proving Paris aren't chosen proving parents are just that proving pairs. They proven to give you the goods over several over several seasons. That's a proven pair and people start tomorrow. Is it how many drinks it don't matter we come up with despair despair can produce the goods to put in the air to compete. That's all you want to know it first. That's all that matters at first. Now, they like I said, they're not It did not chosen their proven. He just forgets this that proving pairs. So then again then someone asked me again another question about the road. Let's color dictate roll. The answer is no not even close. I don't know why people even say that because it does not what happened is people think that if you got red bird and Spangles you automatically got a lot of roll what you have is A bird with a softer character right and a bird that's more flexible. flexible Birds tend to go into the road a little easier and smoother, but your chance can be just as flexible and soft as your color blurs your Redbirds. If you know how to read them. That's why our color balance to keep that stuff equal. That's why I do it. I have blue bars and checks and if I could you close your eyes you would never tell it was a blue bar check. and I got her a couple of rescue risk that a lot if you can hear you think we're checkers by the way, they feel That's just color balance. And that's why I did that take pick them out don't racing both Birds both colors. That's why I did it. That's why I'm out of checks my Reds and everything going to roll the same way. They going to roll effortlessly. It's not because stronger softly because of flexibility. That's what it is and and the birds bodies are dense. They not hard they danced it tightly packed, but they flexible. It only way you can really understand what I want. You got to see him. You have to see him. You have to fill them get the help that you will see you be like oh, oh, yeah. Oh, man, I get it. And that's why I try to work on that and you to have the real too, but that's more like a graduate course you got this just like in the other traits first performers Trace first, don't worry about that. So that's the that's the that's the refining points right there. So what happened? What happened along? The way is somewhere along the lines people kept breeding Checkers. You gotta stand with pencil Brandenburg live here. There weren't too many Redbirds will live Checker Birds. Check her face Birds. That's what was here. So what do start doing? It starts affecting the birds the faster deeper pigeons, not the bird regulary didn't really matter. So if you go, let's say you go one to ten on ten ten being the best spinner. All right, but you have a bird that's a 8 that's frequent. That's more regular. That they would rather choose to 10. And put two 10s together that road once everyone once a minute to once every 5 minutes you keep doing that guess what's going to happen? They don't tend to get stiff and it is happened to be Checkers blue bars with a bag of check her patterns, whatever just this happen to be that color now me. I will take a ten like that and put it to a bird another bird. That's the eighth. I will try locking irregularity at the same time. That's what I do. I guarantee we have a regularity it feel a little different than other Bergen be a little strict stronger. This is able to resist the role. You keep breathing like that. Guess what that's going to happen more and more you can still get them good deep hard Spinners, but they're not gonna be regular when I take that bird that 10 to a bird. That's a seven. This is a seven as far as quality of one to ten, but it rolls three four times more than other bird. Why not do that? And what you gonna do is you put need you can still see then you can you can still get tens car guarantee. Most tens didn't come out of tens. If you notice that your best friend is don't usually come out of your best Spinners and and go figure that. I figured it out. I mean if you have to like another cup this one going to another question to ask me if you have two brothers and breed in your in one was really really good like Superstar on one was just mediocre wine was taken to New York. We don't say just what is good level but he all the physical attributes. He was out. He won't have all the physical attributes. There's not a superstar in here. We're probably all produced a superstar. Most likely probably would Because of traits cocks carry more than one trait of the three different traits so he might show one show one but possessed of the three I'm saying or one might show you one and only possess one other one, which what might be for producing it going real find out you got to put you get our freedom and find out I had three cocks which was it was for it was little blue velvet little blue velvet red velvet and spice one four brothers. Four Brothers produce different it all please totally different. Blue velvet try through the best overall Birds period period Little Blue Velvet Rope to something like the other risen blue velvet but deeper. And they come in a little earlier spice one for depth. That was his key of all introduce get rolling pin. This was first one birds were deep. Some on might be unsafe. They weren't rolled out, but they will bump. red velvet Senator Spice 1 but with little bit like little blue velvet. Deep sometimes uncontrollable. Where they keep flying low you got every time I break you got time with your butt cheeks. Then he got going on one of them's going to hit something. So what I did I kept blue velvet a little blue velvet this the river of the Spice 1 go. I didn't need them for I got the mother too. So I got another bird. I can throw me dip with a little more stability than the other two and little and come a little earlier I can deal with that and lose our wishes. It's got Good Burger King through no bird that bumped or even came close to bump it so that just go figure. Okay, and yeah, so what you do is you figure out the birds you want to use in that same manner like I did the same way. color and just think of to I got rid of it were red with red red spice ones are red. Grism Red River was a red velvet. I can read nobody read cop, whatever you say sir. It was so different. He would you like a tea pattern recessive red? That's what you look like. As we look like 1,900 chick like a tea proud of me. So sorry, that's what you look like. But anyway, that's that that's not about my birds comes about what you guys are trying to do. So what you guys got to do is I'm going to tell you you don't cut right to I take need you got there. No, nothing. Be real blunt. What you guys got to do is go in your Loft. In the figure out your best Birds the birds, you know, you got to have you know do this, you know do that right? I would say pick the cocks are already hands and then pick off the birds that best suit them that work the best with them you guys the most luck with them pick them up now everything else you got to start saying Why is this bird here? Do I need this bird? What purpose is bird having my love besides a name you guys would kind of have these dudes got bird because of names. Can you guys always bragging about all I got? Well, I got Norm read. Well I got this. Well, I got that don't know you guys say I got my own friend. I'm working on not one of them. I built my I've got my own family. You can do the same thing. Not now trying to figure out why guys say that because because I think they want to be revelant Randall relevant. I think without seeing at the birth of not relevant. Yeah terrible year because everybody don't know the name so I got this new birth. I got this dude birth. I got this deep breath. Okay, you got them do bird what that mean? I mean like what that mean every know who burns you guys know what you're going to do with them. So after you guys got do okay. All right color I could don't mean nothing. I don't care for the boy like cracked. I don't mean nothing boiler is associated with a lot of white on the head you very 7 I've only seen one bird that was not they have no why don't you head on the wings? That's almost a self and was a boy alive, but he didn't your old at all. I've only seen one and didn't did not roll. It was out of rollers. It did not wrote. It was a black bird with one white feather one side one White Strip on not a little tail and head tube for looking bull eyes. That's like a did not roll with his siblings will tear up the sky. The bird was named Shades shades of color Shades like that shades on that's what it's called, but it didn't enroll. So that's one bird. Most birds will put lies or associated with a lot of white period every time you said well I burn most time is white when he got burs are crack last I don't even know what happens when birds get cracked eyes. It don't mean nothing just mean it can't do well in show. That's all it really really means because I had a burger called a bull a string of was a beast. No law. I mean 80% of my birds go back to that a hundred percent my birth go back to smoke every breath. I breathe hundred percent of got smoking every single bird I breed has smoke 80% of birds are buried have well, I swing on them. and he is not is was not an ugly bird pretty spangenberg pitbull eyes Brad by Guess Who Jerry Higgins One of our guys from Jerry Higgins. I got one Rob just why because it had blue eyes. But Library, well eyes easy to control take bull's-eyes put the pink book Library put to a self-pitying pull out disappear simple. It's gonna pop back up who care every time I performance mean come on the show, okay. Paralyzed paralyzed paralyzed Irish think that was wrong, but I thought about it 66 was it was a it was down from to pearlite birds. So it's 209 so was 81. Those are all smoke Sons. They all had paralyzed. They smoke and her mate paper laughter the time and they were just regular zanybros ever bread. So it can't be the pearlized are doing it. Then my burden never flew High anybody tell you that I'm going to my birds. We went hires when they got hit and they will go up. They'll come right back down. So it can't be associated with flight. So I know that ain't true a friend of mine is live in Culver City here all he read he loved pro-lifers you try keep all pro-lifers and guess what hit birds and fly high and they still regular. Regularly me regular means for we had good frequency, man. So then when it was prolonged so I know that was that's a myth prolonged pro-life. That's another myth. That's me orange. I don't injure another myth. You'll take keep doing your Bursa stop rolling and start rolling down all kind of stuff. He's missed people say it's not true. That will not it does not happen all that stuff as miss it don't happen. Because I color matter when you're pairing a bird only it only one time I couldn't marry Priya bernzy if you doing if it's for show or specific reason on your own color eyes. I haven't had good luck with honestly. It's yellow white pages. I don't have good luck with them. I can't miss that. I can't can't tell you them. They did this and they're unreliable to me. Yo, my brother had was unreliable right to me. I don't have a lot but the ones I had but when great it weren't consistent in no field no none. So I just stay away from me if I do get one. Yellow yellow white pigeon. It's going to stay in the kit. Stanley Kitty won't make it to my loft. I just haven't had luck with him. I'm not going to keep messing with them. But like orange art I deal with that. I will give a dark orange time I deal with that. Don't get too many brown diapers anymore. So I don't have to worry about that part. When I do not test the boundaries of all the myths check the check ready to read all that none of that seems true. If you select the right version It's All About selection to you. Don't look we look we're going back to selection selection. So I bought selection. You can get Redbirds that just stronger than check and get red bird just as fascinating check and you get checks to just as frequent as any red, if you break your birds, right but there's some families they found this was set up that way. They said absolutely has to be the most dominant Burgers far as frequency and death. They set up that way. and be honest, I see more rows than Checker powder than any other color period as them just tell me the truth. Black spray it is just that this is Fred, you know, I mean it's covered and can be covering something else. You got a shred spread your recess already spread you got black spread all that that just means discovered something else. It's all the blocks mangled to me. He was really a shred because he had to Ash Red feathers in his tail. He do a lot of red shakes a lot of them. So with that being said, so that's pretty much I can break down on on breeding as far as eye colors and all that kind of stuff like that Britney for performance of the whole little thing I get into that next. I play want to do it tonight. I might do it tomorrow night. I might get into that bring it from just straight performance how you get your Burgers from A to B. Well, thank y'all but look, this is a note for you guys if you got Birds going light but no appetite the first they not they not fertile. I got the Miracle Plus pills gone corner there going I just read by the made a batch today. You want a bomb $450 for 50 of them is $30 in for twenty five is fifteen actually step 17. 17:17. Other than that they are dollar piece for six four five dollars. That's how you got a bomb. They work really good. My old hand is every 35 was not laying real good last year again repeal. She snap right back into it. And she was just all in soft eggs soft or a rough eggs, like every pills too hard eggs. And then this year I better when I first put down pigs were no good. So I did I took the feathers around Vince or her and the mate to fertilize eggs. So Miracle Plus tabs, no money. No me going to call me. Three, two, three, seven six, two three nine zero nine if you want to order those I would advise. Strongly advise that you keep some of those around because anytime you get them bro. Just going like Saudis as soon as you see him acting funny pop my pill give them a pill they don't hurt you can give them to where they breed don't hurt anything. But if you wait too late sometime it's too late. But so you see birds going like young birds. They simply didn't know looking right get my get my ideal pill and a miracle plus peel. They'll be all right. So with that being said for the sign off you guys until next time Keith London in a roller agenda. I'm out.