Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to Blackpool tonight, which I am more excited about that than I think most people are you know in terms of I've never because I've never been By the say, I'm quite excited. The regular listeners will know I love a bit as love a bit of the seaside my you know not I'm not sort of talking old school English holidays seaside's in are not sitting there with of the hankie on my head, you know with an umbrella over me. I just like to add to be by the Sea Side as that old song Went sad about the sea makes me very calm wrecking their previous life. I was a manatee. I'm sorry about very strange Hotel a man outside shell. So you quickly about the coffee. I'm drinking. I am not a big fan of the brand. It's a mess labor and mate. So I'm not even going to name it but I'm there's these instant like vegan lot a things you can now get they come in like oats almond coconut and got say up or a box in 24-hour Tesco's last night for this morning because I thought you know what? I can't be dealing with a body hotel room instant sachet and these are tried them before they are actually quite nice and as much as it pains me to sing. Well, so 24-hour supermarkets made. Has anyone been to a 24-hour supermarket in the nighttime. It is such a strange. Experience isn't it you feel like you shouldn't be there there was just like this which is loads of people stocking up and sort of like big trolleys in the aisles full of stuff that this talking with you got navigate your way around it. And um, yeah, I don't know. I always find it was strange experience to be a mom. But I went in there. I bought my glass eyes for little bag of easy peelers and I bought a box of plums, which I know this is going to be if you're not if you're not a massive fruit here, here's a little tip right get yourself some plans at the minute. They are we're in whirring. I'm going to I'm very confident. Is we're in good Plum season last two weeks. I genuinely about the best plans have ever had in my life. I've I reckon I've eaten I reckon 25 clams. That's a conservative estimate in the last two weeks and By the way, if you haven't tuned in before an issue first time this is this is what it is. It's I don't plan what to say and it dries press record take a sip of coffee and I start talking and whatever comes out comes out. Yeah so I can get on board or shatter but yet plums 25 pounds in two weeks. I reckon that's about us about what I'm on and I've only had two that are not even two bad ones. I mean he had to the one not Top drawer, so genuinely it's going to come to an end soon. I know there's a certain plans any other two week window but to get out there and get get them while you can what I would the best I've had or Marks and Spencers flavor. King plums can't be on there. That's their hands down the best but you're going to be paying for what you get, you know and my Marks and Spencers organic. You could have pay over the odds that you go to be the best value plunger every year. Do I have to tell you about my hotel in Manchester? It's understated a cheap little one-nighter, you know, and I was in a couple of weeks of this way yesterday and until I am I'm doing a little digging. I'm opening the program back in Manchester. If anyone's kick it about I'm gonna open there and then drive over and there's a black pool and then tomorrow I'll get a lovely day in Blackpool. But so I just I just went on booking.com on Wednesday, but myself a little cheap hotel in Manchester on a Thursday double bed, you know all that's all I want double bed bit of Wi-Fi sorted and it looked quite nice with the Trafford Hall Hotel got here about 7 p.m. Yesterday and went into the reception the receptionist. Yeah, Jeremy see somebody who looks like. Such a bigger such a look that you eat you don't mean to be over you react physically and this guy was a Spanish guy was lovely, but he looked like somebody who would work in like a bowling alley in stranger things dry mean like you had a really tight and tight shirt white shirt and that was obviously his work uniform, but he'd always be tailored. It to his own style and he had just one of the most outrageous mallets I've ever seen. It's beautiful. It's such a lovely head of hair on him and he was a super charismatic Hispaniola and as I could not get over him. And so we had a little fun chat talk me through the Bots are the Bars were open till midnight. I didn't really want to know that but you know, I thought I did lay out of it. I'm enjoying this scences guy have a chat. So I'm like tell me more. And he made a mistake. He was like telling me that the girls at the bar is open to the events at 11 p.m. 7:11 a.m. Que me and him have been a wild laugh about me drinking all night, but then he said are your hotel in your room is on the other building and I want Penny was another building. I thought it was a bigger hotels and I thought turns out they've just got a weird. An X which is actually clearly just a would have probably been a big house that was next door to the hotel. They've bought and they've converted into a hotel rooms, but strangers walk across the car park and I'm just going to this house so probably very pleasant load comfortable bed. Should be mouth what happened telling you when I go in and then Die Hard 2 was on going battle watch and it can really sleep. I had a bit of a weird sleep last night. I took a while to get off and I woke up very early one cup like a pretty good sleep at 1:30 a.m. And woke up at 7:15. Or which isn't bad, you know, it's not the end of the world that could be done with an extra hour. So what to do with the day in Manchester, I hear you ask. Well, I don't know. I think I've got a bit of admin. Yeah plan what you do over the weekend everyone. Hey, hey tell me. Yeah, we got to the weekend. So some people message to say they were glad to hear the intro music back on the last episode. Even if it was sort of a crackly with what I base. You just recorded that on my phone like the tree just press record on the what's it called the voice recorder just recording. It's true. My laptop and then just on a lot on low volume. I thought I'm going to go old-school DIY bait. And yes, some people glad to see it back. Thank you. Let me know if anyone has any further issues with it. I'm always I'm all ears. Wasn't I have yep Manchester is a good it's a good City to kill a day Manchester. Anyone hasn't been I recommend. It's probably my I'd say it's my favorite English city outside of London and I'm sort of you hear that in the some reason. I'm throwing a easy peel and up in the air and catching it but it's a baseball. These are good easy papers as well. Actually, I will say get a good easy peeler. And I'm really in a really makes your day the snap that's why was this weird when I didn't like fruit growing up, but I know what you all died. So I grew up in a family that wasn't a particularly healthy fruit driven family, but there was always some kick it around, you know now and again, I begrudgingly a banana, you know, if I was pushed but then I Vegan, I comes with I started fully appreciating fruit and now get a good bit of fruit mate, you know, you can't basic and you like that again. I'll have a daisy peeler that I will text someone about that's when you know, you have had a good bit of fruit as when you're in your messaging friends and family to inform them. Good cherries shit mate cherries. I said cherries right there with Plums. And if you get if you get a proper high quality Cherry, it's like eating a spoonful ice cream. Do I mean it's lovely Gravely sniffles might be a bit of karuna. Everyone's shit their pants but coronavirus in it. I've what I've currently still in the Come give a shit face which not in a careless way. I mean, it's very sad those that have been affected but I mean in terms of my own personal safety and that of my friends family loved ones. Everyone else really are meantime. I care that is going to like it could impact people but I just physically have not had that moment yet of guy like oh shit, this is bad. I'm I feel like it still feels very abstract. I hope it's sort of you know, a lot of people now saying that it's definitely going to kick off and be a pandemic. If that is the case then what can you do but you know wash your hands don't touch your face. But if it's going to get his going to get your mate, I've always sort of thought, you know, if and when death does finally come for me. I'm going to I'm going to face it head-on. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna go out of my back to it mate to stare it down in the eyes and then die coughing and spluttering and begging for my life. It'll be all right. I'm going to say that get yourself some easy peelers. Get your vitamin C levels up to him. That's the shit out drop me or droplet peeler talk to Donnelly says get yourself some vitamin C. That's the bombing that suppose that is actually not a bad advice in terms of prep wash your hands and all that stuff, but get your try and get as healthy as possible, you know try and get your immune system up just in case in the worst case scenario you do contract it, you know if it is like if it's over. More dangerous to people is having high risk categories, then you know, it sounds almost callous again, but got to try and get yourself out of those high-risk categories if you can so get your head get your health up look after those around you. Yeah, it's all just batten down the hatches and try and write it out, you know, so we'll go to the Winchester. Get a pipe to the source moves over whatever that quote is from Shaun of the Dead. Thank you for listening. I'll see you see you. I'll see you. I'll see you I'm watching all of you. Speak to you after the weekend. Have a good weekend. Have fun. Stay safe. You know don't don't stress too much quite yet. I think you know, let's take it day by day. Continue our normal lives until we know more. Yeah, but I want it to end up being like a solve everyone living in Bunker's which has been me transmitting from a bunker drinking fucking, you know, old balls old coffee. Coffee granules and had to like, you know braids from a old disused Supermarket after everyone died. Bye.