As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of experts are going to be talking through their experience and showing some ideas with you to help guide you on your journey through this through this very difficult subject. So perhaps we could begin with yourself with this myth boxes. Hi several artists in Germany and international guys. I'm in this industry for more than 20 years. Now. I ran record labels. I've been teaching myself more than 20 years of screwing the whole world and so on all this business from any perspective. My name is Devon miles. I'm 25 years professional in this business also dj/producer label owner covid my Hundred countries all around the world even any kind of level of the business also from very low to very high and very special experience with the issue mental health also. Hey guys, my name is Joey. Okay, I've been active in this industry for over 10 years previously. I've been a DJ music producer, but I've quit because of mental reasons. My story is kind of relatable to Avicii story. And now I'm active as an artist coach. So I actually helped future artists with mental problems. Hi, my name is Al Far Side. I'm originally from England and spent half my life in England and then moved to California and I was 16. I worked in Los Angeles for many many years at one of the biggest talent agencies in the world focusing on brand Partnerships music artists actually worked on if you choose him as well and I then moved to Berlin two and a half years ago, and now I'm now working at my core. I'm a Manage their and also focusing on a lot of special projects that involve diversity mental health and also focusing on our editorial side and a lot of programs Partnerships as well. So if I could but perhaps we can speak so View and we often have a lot of attention is given to the artist looking at the journey through the industry and the difficulties that they go through all the comments that more in a minute, but you have experienced both in the US and Europe and as you touched on there you work for both the agencies and allow people to you seen a lot of the pressures that exist backstage that is when people go through in various different ways because you tell us about some of the differences in terms of the u.s. Versus Europe in terms of the stresses that you've been through and what are some of the biggest challenges you experience as an executive. Yes. So there's definitely differences between the US and Europe. I feel that when I was in my 20s in the you I was working nonstop. It was amended so he doesn't speak for every company. But yeah, I mean I was very passionate very dedicated. I committed a lot of my early career to focusing on the artist. I was working for the managers and you know, you sometimes tend to not take lunch breaks you work overtime you're encouraged to work overtime. If you don't you kind of feel guilty for not doing it. So there's a lot of pressure. It's extremely high pressured. And so I was kind of always really used to that and then when I moved to Europe well after agents like I kind of went into artist management was kind of more of my own schedules that really suited me and gave me a lot of balance and then moving to Europe Berlin, especially I think that people are very passionate. They're just as passionate and just as driven, but they take more time for themselves people definitely take lunch breaks. They take the time to have a life and end 7 I think working from home is something that's very supported in Europe. That's not necessarily the case in the USA things like that. Give you a really good balance. So in my 30s, I definitely found balance in my career. I know once I kind of put away the laptop, so I think that's really important and I'm sorry your second question. It was really about what were some of the biggest lessons you've learned on my benefit again these things I've learned just really too. Make sure that you do know when to shut off. I think that's really really important. I think that a lot later in my career. I wish I'd done it a lot sooner but at least I learned the lesson either way and I think just to make sure that you know how to delegate work properly and know how to say no in certain situations and ask for help. If you need the help most people are more supportive than you think right. So you were quite senior, but what about when you're coming up through the ranks? How do you push back and say no there where you're in difficult situations? Yeah, I mean that's definitely tricky. I mean in my 20s me I had a really really great boss. He was one of my first mentors. I'm very very fortunate we work with a lot of great artists. So I think a lot of the times I actually wanted to do a lot of the work and I was kind of working as like a mini agent in a way but I think you just have to kind of I think now more than ever like 10 years ago is hard to have that conversation. I think now you can really say Say, you know, I need the time for myself. It's affecting my mental health. I don't want to work overtime. I don't want to do this. You just have to set your boundaries and I think with your boss and with people that you're working with and I think they should respect that if they don't then, you know, probably not meant to be working them. But I think yeah back then I kind of didn't really say no. It was really tricky and that's just the honest truth. I kind of just did the work. So yeah, I'm so deep details with cultural shift now with with record labels with Think more supportive towards that saw. Yeah, I mean from like our company is very supportive of these types of things. We openly talk about these things. We're working to improve this internally and help extremely as you know II do see a chef. I see that people are talking more about mental health and your physical being in general. I definitely see a shift. I've seen it more in the past two years. I think it's really really great. I hope that we don't have to have more debts to you know be able to Discuss it more but I think it's really really great and it's becoming more destigmatize Dan that people are ugly talk that I definitely need to ship everything going past two years now, but we both decided so people talk about it more. It's becoming more accepted. Yeah, definitely. That's why I see that from being in the I feel like the US and also Europe. I see it as being a global shift both. So if perhaps we could come to so your thing artist, but his seemingly live the dream You've had released a zombie pause and you turn the world you place events like Tomorrowland and creamfields and live the life that many people could only dream of but I think I'm a writer saying 2015. You have what you throw this buyout? Yeah, 2015 year 2014-2015 2014 10 15 and you got some point where you decided if your own house it's time to pull back and using to refocus to actually using your experience a whole other year artists that are becoming with what you learned. And process electric. Could you share with the audience some of the sort of issues that artists come to you with and also some of the advice that he gives yeah sure most of the time when artists come to me, sometimes it's like a starving artist who still has to build his career and is experiencing an overload of work like comparable on the work floor. Like they don't know how to deal with all the work that has to be done to become successful because let's be honest. It takes a lot of work and time. So they kind of get stuck with that and on the other hand. I have the producers who already have the success but they struggle with different kind of things most of the time the more mental stuff. So they feel unhappy but they don't know why they struggle with Communications with the team or with the family or with a friend's most of the time it's all about and it's circles around unhappiness. Like they just feel unhappy but they can't put their finger on the reason why Because they seem to have the perfect the perfect life right from the outside. It's the perfect life traveling making all that money having all the attention you need while deep inside they're unhappy and that's what I've experienced as well. So even on social media whether amazing life, it's really exciting even artists themselves a living that life. Hang on a second. My life looks really good. But I'm unhappy what's going on. Yeah. Well with social media You're kind of your own PR agent as in you want to put an image out there that put you in a good light, you know, like the you don't want to let people show that you feel bad or that you that you're unhappy because that you also might feel guilty about it because you have the perfect life. You make all that money. You have all those things that a lot of people want to have. So you shouldn't you feel like you can't complain about it while at the same time. I believe you can you can complain about it because Cuz you're an individual and you have the right to feel happy and everyone has a different version of being happy. And for me, for example, it wasn't the life of a DJ. I found out afterwards the ability to actually talk to other people and say I'm struggling. I'm not happy. That's really impossible. Yeah, well talking about it is definitely important and it's I think in the last couple of years that definitely helped us in more and more artists are talking about it the media of course started. Write more about it conferences like these. Well, it's kind of a Hot Topic. So the industry is definitely opening up and talk Talking is one of the first things you can do. Yeah, how did you intervene yourself? So back in 2014-2015 realized there was something wrong. How did you intervene? Well, the thing is I experienced the same thing as my clients. I was so unhappy, but I didn't know why and I started to feel guilty because when I was talking with my friends or family they were all saying. Like dude, you're flying the world. You're making that money blah blah blah, but still that didn't help me. So sorry was a question. I kind of forgot it. So you realize that you weren't happy. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well after a while I found out that I was really feeling unhappy, but I knew that it wasn't my body. I didn't had injuries. I just it was from the inside. So the first thing that popped up on my mind was I have to go to a mine doctor psychologist, so I went to a psychologist. But the only thing they really helped me with was explaining what panic attacks were because I was experiencing a lot of panic attacks and I didn't know what that was. So knowing what a panic attack was already helped me because then you're not like tasting in the Darkly. You actually know what it is. So that kind of gives rest then I actually went to coach to a career coach actually and I had to do a test a personal test and a great career test. And those two tests actually should match you should do a job that fits your personality if you want to work with people you should work with people if you're more like a loner you should work by your own those kind of things and the test came back and it couldn't be more crooked as in everything. I was doing with my job were things that I didn't like to do as a person so that kind of at that moment all the pieces of the puzzle came together because I always felt like an outsider in in the And I didn't really understand why I always felt like I was doing things differently from other people. I wasn't that much from for all the partying and stuff and I skipped all the off the parties and I wanted to go back home as soon as possible the first flight possible if have to skip it the hotel or whatever didn't matter. I want to go home as quick as possible. I just never connected the dots why and that's because I don't like to be away from home that much but if your artist and things are going well. So you're actually away from home a lot. So all those things were happening. I just couldn't connect the dots and at that moment when that test came back it just all the whole piece of puzzle came together and I was like, wow, okay was like a mind blown moments like okay now I get why I feel like how I feel and that was the moment also when I decided to quit because it just wasn't something I could maintain doing. So having into beans and assess your career. You start Back during orientation your career and you're in a much stronger position now. Yeah, definitely took me a couple of years but now like five years later. Yeah kind of five years later. I started first. I started working at a factory to kind of level with Society again because I felt like I was completely disconnected with the normal world like main stages. Yeah. Yeah four days a week. Yeah question. Well that what to be real honest. It was a it was a big war with my ego right because you're used to certain things, right you're used to get picked up at the airport. Like today. I was actually talking with my friends like it's so fun that you're get used to this like getting picked up at the airport while where you're going on a holiday. You're arriving at like fuck. There's no one here to pick me up after Arrangement thing. So stupid small little things but you're getting used to it. And yeah, those are that's a long process and it's a big fight with your ego. It's a big fight with yourself. And that takes a lot of time that's really nice going to sort of pick up on that the need to maintain realities into shaking with what you're doing. Make sure you're actually happy doing what you're doing and it's the right fit for you. I think that really these nice quantity matches and we can talk a little bit about yourself there. So you're an artist has had a prolific career in veteran artist within our business. Now you seen every different side of the travel the world played every Club played with it with a real artist and you see it from all those different angles. It must be positive. It's a grounded within within that process what you would do anything like what what's your journey been like so it for profit from somebody else and from somebody to study a meteoric rise in huge career, but also a career of over 30 years now, so to yourself today, can you just talk through that process of I mean, I'm start with the best thing for us. It's great that now they have some time from to talk about it here. You are here you very much because I mean similar experiences. I've done like in different parts of of my of my weight. I was talking this record before we started here also and it's like when it's a the big breakthrough came the late 90s was my career. I always said to my friends they said how do you handle that? You know, it's like, you know, you know, you know, it's like there's no school to learn that now there is coaching but we didn't Coaching of the times, you know, it was like I was basically pushed into the cold water and either you can swim or you can't and if you are too weak you're out of you. This is was one of the things that you can ask from them. It was coming to my mind. If you will to week back in the days when you didn't have the mental strength to do that all the support of help yourself basically how to handle the whole situation were to be cover out there were enough, you know, they wanted to take your position basically. It was a weird situation and there was not much health, but also not from the management. I really have to say also and they're in the early years. It was like a not was maximum income that was much more important than really the issues of like the artist. You know, it's the management were looking at the sustainable career the artist and the long-term featureless wants to make money down that it was officials. What's the business model, but the was not like, you know, the basis of the business model in artist. The individual was not Didn't have like the attention maybe even purposely that in the end of the day be such a hard life and it's great. I can tell you about it's fucking hard life that it needs for the person. I know very well and in in the back there was no support what how did you support yourself for that chicken, please? How how did it because I was no outside suppose they are how did you support yourself through that? Many struggles. I mean I could possibly talk for hours. He really because I've gone through every kind of light level of that. I know it was what is the real world was one of the things too. I was like that in the best years. I was like, I don't know how much you were traveling but I was driving good 300 days a year. And then what is the reality of Life? What is this? Come back to the real world? Excuse me. I mean, I'm 80% of my real world. Is that shit? I'm doing of check out of it, but it Like what? I don't have my traveling and you know, there's always a driver there's always someone decent that, you know, everyone's like basically kicking your ass to get your attention and get a little bit of lime light but in the end of the day in the early years, no one really care of me and I really appreciate that over the years more and more. You know, there's more attention coming also from 20 years ago when the when the whole shoot was blowing up holidays is like Frank is a good example for model manager who's taking care of his his artists because it's essential to the business you have to take care of you of the person that the person is is used you have to take care of this is part of your role. But back in the days, it was all about business. I must makings fat loads of money. I was like, I was was everywhere. I was I remember was like six years. I was never like this until 21st those active ganam had like everything. So fucking acting and I never knew what it is and quite some years ago. I realized that you know, I have issues. I have like, you know, I don't have you know, I don't have the whole thing and I come on the control anymore. You know, it's like I don't want to be a product. I was getting treated as a product not as an individual person, which I suffered very much from to so I was I was 4 years and antidepressant. And I was basically made me more number cut off like the low end and the high end but they didn't really solve the problem. I mean sorting out my life definitely in the last years was like this. I got control of my life back but back in the days. It was just it was all abominable money. It was no one gives a fuck and I'm so happy to hear about this coaching. I'm so happy to hear also. If you are using a system what you are doing and I mean we know each other know a little bit but that you're so like so much pushing like the issue forward to making it more disability. Also, especially for the young artist. Your awareness is important. It all looks great from the outside how to do this job as something it's 24/7 it never ends. You know, you always on duty and you have to be quite a strong. Was mentally to have the other thing that if you cannot handle it ask for help, I didn't ask for help because I didn't know what's wrong with me. I remember that is I felt like I had the belt around my chest for quite some years. My pocket was full of cash. It wasn't that I thought it's that because I come from a really poor family. I thought its cash. This is what I want, you know webs Freedom Etc, but wasn't that it was some people treat you differently needed used to figure that out. But that's interesting about yourself during had the same. From where you weren't sure what the problem was you felt that was a problem inside but you just wasn't sure what it was and that it took some time to actually work out. What about that particular? She was killed. It sounds like the answers probably know because you seen yourself saying what you're saying today 20 years ago in a public forum others. No because of all the way out. I was also was scared that I wasn't confident enough I wasn't aware and also the meaning was like 20 years more experience in this business the any kind. Lightweight if it's like folks record business or just the DJ life or whatever they do. It's like now a lot more pragmatic on lot more like relaxed about that. I know a very aware this is show business. It's so it is business and there's a private life also the work-life balance that now makes the work-life balance. It's a like that I didn't have work-life balance. I was working my ass off until we'll just click on the floor and my former managers that were just kicking my ass and said, hey there's a Another 25k, let's go and get this, you know not let's go and get it. You have to go through this. It wasn't let's go against us because the pressure and was not support and I know exactly what the never had to be again. Let anyone have taken care of so similar to bring my sport needs of such scenario after the need for good management and what a big difference attacks that can make I'm Frank again. You are an industry veteran with experience from your heart aside from the label side, right the way through his management and I just touched on the point. There is a necessity for great management kit. Can you share a little bit about what you see as being the necessary skills for managers to help her artist. We have two kinds of for management artists. We have some there are people ready. So they are throwing like team on experiment days here and we have some we've built from scratch and if you build them from scratch, we tell him from the first day how to handle this mental issues on how to handle the life of a fitness and everything. We we always try to tell them like to sports have like routines every day. It's like a contacts to your family and friends don't bark like or 18 or 19 all today. Some of them there are like really like they understand because if you're in this And during Peaks producing interviews promotion label everything. If you don't have good teeth, then you will have exactly the problems they talk about and we have this with bigger artists. We had this big artists like that. They had like Bernards during the peak season like in summer when you like to like, I don't know 150 peaks in three months. Next week's a day. And for this case, sometimes we put back so we can see pigs and then it's interesting when the Vici died. Everyone was saying, oh we knew it because it's such a big management and the people around in there was a greedy and they not only want to have his money blah blah blah, then the cancel Geeks because one of our artists was ill and we Doctors from all that pee you can't play your you thought that you are such an asshole. He will never play again my club. This is ridiculous. I don't see his lovers and a last week right about the beachy and know until the same shit on your right? Okay, then it's like this. His behavior is not only from the other side of the management side. It's a whole industry of everyone is backgrounds money with them and wants to earn money and even couldn't the big artist is not able to play. It's a big loss for all the father of of Komodo, but they have to understand that they need the artists from the class. Kill them because of not taking care of their health. This just won't work and he understood the Throne of God and I said Okay. Okay, then. Yeah, I understand your point and apologize now. This case of a promoter or is that coming? So even just years after a beach is best. Yeah. We are we hugging with this publicity we've got promoted. So we take that attitude, of course. So so what we can expand called when you're concerned, I was in the hospital I was I was in the hospital about 14 months nearly died from the sepsis. I did a post from Instagram. Just you know, hey guys, I'm in the hospital. No, I'm going to be out for a few weeks, but I'm taking care of myself and you know, hope to be back soon. And there was a whole bunch of promoters actually on this 14 months ago a whole bunch of promoters that cancer chose and the whole bunch of promoters have been booked me in one now. He's weak you sick. You know, he's not God. Oh, you know, it's like it's like weakness is not cool. And because they're dead are in he's unreliable. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. And I mean I had it's normal. We all have at some point we have issues and I mean Part of our life is fortunately unfamiliar or unfortunately, it's like, you know, we we have a we have a lot of people can follow us on Instagram blah blah blah blah blah, but the reaction weakness is not cool Rivas - my agent my formulation for my vision. He told me also hey you can't you can't post something that that, you know, it's like that, you know that they're speaks immediately back. You don't get bookings anymore. You know, it's like What's with the fucking months ago? It's not like 20 years ago. It's still there. It's completely silly. It's an attitude that's there. If you're not strong enough. Fuck it. Let's go Frank. Despite your the Mind you'll take care of this style of Performing. If you don't feel the same that I said - yes and the biggest enemy in doing this decision the artist. Because we see from the outside we see okay see struggling. It's too much. So we have to go to cancel some shows a we have to cancel our own months or something then the other no, no, you can't do it. I need the money. I wanted to at home. I get like my sick and it's not good for you. If you know too much and then we have to find the Drone office, too. To do that you're looking out for the artist. He's a county a me here to talk to the managers. Therapy yourself. Do you have a supervisor and you have to go to regular supervision So within within a clinical setting you have to see the vision and you're able to go and decompress when you see so many patients. You heard the stories you can decompress but for managers now, they're totally so I think if you want to be a successful manager, you have to be a really strong person really strong. Because you have to fight every day with everyone but when we say strong or do we need my strength is dismantled may be strong but girls but also strength is also doing kind of like the for attending today right now. I just wanted to add something because I already had some managers coming to me or together with their artists or just apart from each other because they were both struggling or that was an issue between the two or whatever but there are some managers who are already looking up. For like coaching for themselves because they are struggling with things as well. So it's not like it's just for artists or whatever. Yep. They also there's and I'm happy to share them. There's as a company at beatport. We are definitely doing the research and speaking with different companies that focus on coming into the company and also working with Executives managers agents on you know, helping them in these types of situations. So I'm happy to give you that information as well. I feel like there's three or four really great companies. Individual coaches that are focusing on this and I think it's really important to you know, ultimate he said take the time to ask manages to like are they doing? Okay, but there definitely are people but yeah, hopefully by doing things like this as well we can bring things out more discuss it more and then Inspire more people to also help them be coaches as well. So if you need to if you would need some help as management. We have like access to mental coaches because they've been closed for. Yeah, so we could also use them so we obviously see artists who go on social media and the response is actually very positive when I was just have full two hours of that Journey since I'm out. Really see the fans get behind them which is fantastic and there's a ship now where artists have come back and said, I'm not going to talk to need some time off which is very positive and social media obviously gives us a lot of room great benefits as well. But and this is an open question to the panel. What's the darker side of social media? It's a result site. What? The because you want to talk about what works for your life. And if you're an artist you even social media, you'll get your like feedback from social media. And if the feedback is there you feel better if you are ugly person. If you can't like filter the hater comments from the real supportive comments, I think other than the bedside if you are. You should struggling and you only read the bad comments then I think it's it won't help your mental health. I think this one's with our size to put too much. Attention to this. Yeah, I definitely agree with that. I think there is this kind of standard for could have to hit as well like have to have this funny kind of like this validation from society. But I also feel that a big problem too. Is that that's why it's like It's Tricky with social media because coming from the agency world and just knowing how also Brands look at artists to get endorsement deals and things like this. They actually like promoters and Brands and other big companies will look to see what your social media numbers are. So they are part of it. Like it's all part of the problem that comes from that end as well. You know, if you have to have over 500k likes or 500 followers to get it looking at this club all this person's not really good enough. He he or she only has five thousand likes and it's like so the artist kind of like they have to hit a certain standard in order to get booked so that also needs to change. I think that Being an incredible artist some of the best artist. I feel like I like are you know, not that big on socials and they played the best but you know, amazing festivals and amazing gigs and they're like, you know, definitely under the hundreds of thousands and I like that they kind of stood their ground and are doing what they want to do making the music they want making it easier they want to make and then get discovered in a way because the music is really good and it's about the music not the numbers. It's like you also think it would be great if promoters as well and And people on the grounds of the things weren't always looking at those numbers, but I think that puts a lot of pressure on artists to you know, have these numbers and be this person that they're probably not at all. Right. So that's the most of us there's a difference between conception how person appears to be doing and actually how they are inside and both team. Oh Joey tort optional that point, you know, how it looks from the outside how it actually feels to be the artist to bunch of things. Yeah, I think with social media What fuels it and that's what I experienced and a lot of other big artists that are quitting right now or having mental issues. The thing is you're creating a second personality literally like you're creating an artist within yourself and on social media, you're constantly feeding the other person like you're completely forgetting about yourself. You're only thinking and reacting about from the perspective of the artists perspective. So with me you have Joel Oliver, With which which I'm personally my private life and you have Joey Sookie and when you're on social media, you're living the life of Joey Sookie, you're responding from Joey Sookie is so it's like your split personality. And the problem is that with an artist the bigger you get the more time you start to put in and start to lift s the artist so it's hard to find that balance. Like who am I at which moment so the real life like who am I at? Which moment when do I have to act as my private life and when? Yeah, when can I shut off and with social media? You're constantly in your artist life. So I think that for an artist that's the killing one as in your kind. You really getting lost like you're literally getting disconnected with yourself because you're becoming someone else. What advice do you give to your artists and Innovation and the social media actually with everything all the problems that were discussing here and not just here but in whole society it all starts with education like The problem we face right now is we know how our body works. We know we have blood inside us. We know we have a heart we know we have to eat healthy. We you know, we have to work out. That's what we learn at school. What we don't know is how this little thing works and this is the remote control. So we do know how to how do we do know how to view works, but we don't know how to remote control works doesn't make sense. And the more you get to know about yourself like your brain and how you work from the inside. How are you think what you think? Look and asking yourself questions that go to a deeper level instead of just keeping it on the surface, right? That's what that's what I do as a coach, but you can also do it for yourself and luckily there's a lot of stuff happening these days in society online which really help with that but I think that that's the that's the solution for everything like finding out how you work from the inside from yourself because then you become mentally fit a stronger person then you can do Deal with those negative comments then you can deal with someone telling you that your track sucks or someone telling you that your gig sucked or whatever it is. You create some sort of harness between you and all the negative stuff out there and you know how to deal with it. And I think that that's the key to everything. We didn't have social media. What was it like then? What's it like now we could party and almost filming. No, I mean it's like of course they come literally come from a different generation of studied in Germany to and there's only four years old and you know, I come from you know, the time of life where teachers were not even cool and traveling each has the whole thing was not happening. But back in the days. It was 100% of the music and I will Days is yeah the music of course plays the role is they say the key card for the whole thing, but when you're in it, so I think the most important thing is I guess you you agree is like, you know, what kind of image, you know, you create this with the artist busy artistically profile, you know, it's like what you say is like I I struggle not I struggle. I don't like it too much. I don't like the social media part too much. I also you know, I also use it. Of course, I feel it daily or do it myself to have a better control at least that it reflects at least a part of myself. It's an image. It's also an image what you said that I create but I always try for my posters reflecting what you were talking. That's it. I wouldn't say there's two personalities, but I would show everything about myself really on social media nowadays. It's what is what is the music really 15-20 percent. It is music and the whole thing. Everything else isn't image is something that you can purposely create with. It also gets created. This is like the stupidest business models as we know and sometimes I struggle because I love music so much and for me music is the key. This is the reason why I'm also sitting here. This is the reason why I do my profession because I love music and I love to create music. I love to take people on a journey in my teacher says it's an attack on its I can hold may be true. But everyone says I have all my positive and negative moments. I wish we had a discussion about and I wish I would have had coaches and coaching 20 years ago when you know, I needed it. I would probably be in the difference date of my life. I wouldn't have done possibly so I didn't do any drugs, but there was doing quite a lot of drugs in the early 2000s to combine with the whole thing is 300 days traveling. Every year it's like guys do that W. If anyone here, you know that you probably don't you know, it's fucking hot cocoa so I can you open the window open the curtain in the hotel. You have no fucking clue where you are. I mean, it's I know this all I wish I would have had like the possibility a good platform to talk back in the days. I now have that helps a lot. I mean I would say like the main as always We all have issues of course, but it's like the main issues are under control these days and I'm very happy that you know, this is the possibility for everyone nowadays to first of all talk about it, which is the most important thing when you have issues and second that is always nowadays as hell back in the days of also help you were just like, holy we say in German dissolve grease off between via the basically a you know, it's just maximum maximum income. The most important thing on officials are both du the DF is used earlier to work on that now we have to make the money. I'm packing this times over so it's time to shift it on and Frank you've already sort of that you're very mindful of your artists and you will organize the case it if needs be when they're turning traveling. We will have to travel a lot of them. A lot of people here will be doing a lot of trouble with their work at a record label although an artist. How how do you advise your artist to It's the traveling side of things further away from home for long periods of time, especially when it comes to like overseas bookings. When you also have that getting everything we have talked on our team. So a negative biases that they okay when you when you arrive in America don't go to bed. Don't eat go to the gym do like a bit of cardio and then go to sleep. And these are the like smaller vices saying this was drugs iPhone go set a Whenever it comes to the point, if you need to do it do it when you don't have to travel with otherwise, you will miss your flight or you doing a book and everything and it needs a bigger problems in the modern and more. I hope this crisis. Yeah, the initial points to us. So what advice do you give to your artist has heard? So how to manage the time the delays? Yeah, the loneliness ourselves on their own for long, but it's one this one point never travel alone never the need contact person which are you're very familiar with a friend most of the times the two managers are getting friend like all the mood manager is back in the day. So close every day and the two manager also need some you strong person. If human should be cousin this is real like go to the artist little person which travels which which which knows which understands which understand your issues. And if you travel alone the Congo you will get to depressive after two weeks, I guess so that's really good advice. So if you are going serving and Spend a lot of time on the road have good people with you and only Martin Garrix often takes his friends with him when he's going overseas joint. I just want to for my own experience like one of the problems with that was that especially in the start of your career. Once the first International bookings come in the financial part doesn't match the fact that you have to bring someone so you probably don't have the money to bring an extra person and the promoters definitely not going to pay for it. So the problem with that is that at in the time where you're kind of the most vulnerable financially wise it's almost impossible to take someone with you unless you are willing to reinvest all your Revenue which no one really doesn't want to do or not isn't possible to do because they have to pay bills. So good taking care of management. Like that's a good thing. Yeah. That's that's like an investment from management site in Germany. We say don't kill the cow if you want God's miracle of every day. That's the point. Exploding I would say what's wrong the 99 2000 I realized for myself that I didn't need anyone to carry my rekordbox I had fibers because it is to give my rekordbox anything like that, but I just said as a joke, but it's a reality. I didn't need woman sir. I needed a movement. I remember those shows like it shows creamfields anything like that, especially when as he delays was breaking through 2000. fifteen twenty thousand people got completely crazy crazy crazy crazy and like what our later you were in the hotel room alone and that also because you know what to do we started doing like you have two parties in the hotel because I didn't want to be alone and I was fortunate enough to let their girlfriend at the time was Make the say yes, when I ask you because very strong character will sing. Yes. When I also hate on this example to us in South America North America. I need a move manager. I need someone who exactly does what Frank was saying. We just like, you know covers me X me up and his strong personality, which I had them for five years. I was working with about a seasoned artists forming a big artist himself localize. This is so we have pretty much a very good History together and until today I can say that was never a person closer to me even more my ex-wife there was another person closer to you than him because it was such an intense time and no matter what happened after but this time I'm thankful that I haven't because I don't know where it would have ended up because it was too extreme for territory. So so regardless of what you're doing happy people around he keeps a promise, but it isn't what what you said. It's you know it. It's it's when you are not talking artists and the budget doesn't pay for it. Basically, it can be tricky. You're not again. It's you know, it's one of the problems for my clients. Like I tell them like bring some with HIPAA Jets Financial intellectual thing. I know who you're not comfortable. Yeah, exactly. So the sir and that's that's why I'm So Into the whole educational thing as in all the things like bringing someone with you or like whatever you do. It's all putting Band-Aids on a wound. And you want to know how to prevent the wound. That's the way how I see it. But yeah, there's a lot of way to put Band-Aids on it, of course like bringing someone with you, but I really like to take the problem and try to prevent the wound. That's how I see it. Yeah, and that's where education starts for me. Brilliant and I can make you feel very anxious and it can be quite quite a difficult thing. Especially when you're keeping straight hours. You know, we're all working nightclubs or going to parties and networking we're going so these things are really bad your sleep patterns. How do you all have a lot of side effects? Well with when I was touring I was having a lot of trouble with this because estima mentioned after a geek you're full of adrenaline and sometimes your flight is like four or five hours after the gig so you're trying to get it in two or three hours of sleep, which really doesn't work because you're just in bed like staring at the ceiling and then you're getting in a plane. I'm a pretty long guy. So sleeping in the playing doesn't really work. So it's sleeping on tour always has been a problem for me. But now that I have a more regular life, it's like I just see my belly I know these kids on the weekend. I'm not really sleeping one of those persons. I can write that at home a lot better and I like to be tired at home much more than me tell you about some airports. And then in the week time, I also have to get my ass at six out of the back to bring my kids to school or anything like that and I'm getting older don't be so much deeper anymore on one side. I don't drink anymore. I don't drink alcohol anymore seems like almost two years now up to you to use. I don't drink anymore because the morning without the hangover is so much better who said he won't and somehow I mean not everything is perfect. So how it's so price you have to pay to do what you love. This is possibly one of the prizes see Titans are shape of also. I mean and I'm I know that I'm doing on the plane they got on the plane back to Hanover about possible for half an hour. I learned it and it's She called for an exit. I just I learned it too. Just like you know myself go and I'm in myself. I you know, relax enough that I can do it with one hand is a different thing. I mean, it doesn't still work at Mike. I hate this sex from like 6:00 to 10:00 in the morning. Absolutely love it and everything is perfectly. Alright see you in lots of different conferences around the world. Very interesting places. How do you cope when you're doing that side of things? So you're not DJing but you're going through a very similar to passenger often flying under different time zones, you're saying the strange places and in different hotels what sort of routine do you use to try and keep your welding a balance? Yeah, I would say that I definitely have been probably traveling more and past couple of years. Like I definitely went through phases of my career where I was traveling a lot and not I would definitely say I found so much more violence. And in 2019, which is really great. I basically just stopped it for you know, instead of going at like at 80. For example, we had so many events IV Port it was such a success for us as a team. We all helped each other out and cover different events during their and I just want to see chose to sleep like eight hours a night if I could instead of seeing friends ex colleagues or going out and I felt when I came back I felt pretty happy pretty fulfilled. Well rested. I just think it's important. In person forget open asleep as always be important. So I'll know we always pick that over anything but definitely routine wise like I just make sure that I, you know taking a time for myself even at a conference, even if it's just getting out of myself somewhere making sure I keep it sleep if it is going to be a conference where we're doing so many things at once I want to be on point. I'm not gonna be drinking this much. I just want to make sure that I'm on point for the rest of the team and I've implemented In the past like six months when I ever have and I think that's been really really helpful, but he keeps me grounded and also just having good communication with people I care about and friends and families if I'm going through something. I know I can even if another conference or something. I know I can just say, you know, I can just chat with them or you know, just because you have that support system I think is really important but really great advice. I'm I'm for the three of you there were also a few hints and tips you could quickly shows with we moved the last five minutes. The solar panels that the audience can take away and using their own lives to give themselves a better sense of well-being. Start to dig deeper into yourself and it sound might sound a bit like Witchcraft and a bit like who like who ha but it's really important to know how everything inside yourself Works understanding your own mind understanding your own thoughts to me that has been the biggest change in my life. And I'm really grateful that it that the burnout happened to me because now I have all that knowledge and I'm definitely 100% sure that it's going to help me on all aspects in my life so that's something I would recommend everyone to do I mean I would say I take my business extremely serious as I say it's so and business but I don't take myself very seriously it's like I can I can laugh problems away I'm surrounded by very good people who are most important Superman's too and who also catch me when I'm falling which is what I didn't have this over the time and he had that experience inside the family which is usually the holy great basically you know you think your family is back in but it wasn't and nowadays you know I I think open pragmatic is not enough to handle this such as I said don't take myself too seriously will taste too many problems or too many issues of the you know I feel It's anxiety coming up or so. I'm surrounded by very good people and I have none to handle and talk about this is used before I just carry issues around with me sighs, you know, if I wear something that communicated humidity surround yourself Frank again, if you this is all still very effective for yourself and be surrounded by good people. I think that's perfect setup. They delete nothing else for real people really love the false friends like you have so many I have I think I can do it like that. You told about the second artist that you feed which becomes sick of personality. Do you think you can actually go out and become famous as you like not build a second personality, but actually be yourself and get big. I actually believe that you do as in everyone's unique on this planet and showing your personality the more to it is the more real it is the more people will like it because when something yeah, when something's fake eventually people will see it and people will push through it, you know, so the more realistic you are with yourself and the more true you are with yourself with your content and everything that you put out. That's something you can do to it to Eternity, right? That's not something you have to change because it's you so yeah I definitely think you can yeah else relating to the question before if you try to be real as an artist be authentic in everything and honest doesn't it make you like I'm Clive Palmer wonderful world and learn from what they can hit you harder you know what I mean it depends on how strong you are as in yes you become more vulnerable but the less secrets you have the less people will have on you so I always say like if there's anything that that you have to say like just put it out there because then they can't use it against you and when you get critique like it's you can't do anything about the fact how you are or who you are right so If someone gives you feedback on how you are it's like that's their opinion like yeah, it just you have to you know, you have to know how to deal with that good Teague and that's where the big struggle is for most artists like dealing with other people's opinions. If it's about your track or about your cat that you're posting on Instagram dealing with other people's opinions is the big struggle for artists. Yeah, well, you can see a little bit of egoism is is quite a healthy thing sometimes exactly what you say is like, you know, when you are this way, you know and you are your strong kind of real character and all this the way you are hard if someone you know, doesn't I could or what's to criticize fair enough like you just don't have to take that. This is their problems their problem of yours. Yeah. Creating like a fake artists like profile around you is just like making up for all the things that you're ashamed of most of the time. So there's a lot of fear behind all the things that most artists do because they're afraid of other people's opinions. They're afraid of getting hurt. They're afraid of getting revealed that he's actually not making his music himself or whatever that's happening. There's a lot of fear behind all the things that a person is doing. It's just that all those problems challenges are on it's not on The surface it's on a deeper layer within the person himself. I was going to say and most people actually genuinely will connect with you because you're being more authentic and that's so much more important at the end of the day. This is an industry that we want to preserve with good people and really take care of each other. So I think if you feel like you are being you know, we can certain moments or showing too much of yourself. I think actually that showed a lot of strength and people want to see that more. So I think genuinely people want to see more authenticity that's why we're kind of sitting here having these discussions so that these topics get more destigmatize and we can kind of help each other that's a great Point almost leave this time we hope that you've enjoyed this thank you very much for coming sir I'd like to join me in thanking the families for their time today thank you hey everyone what's up its me Joey Sookie and thanks for listening to this podcast episode I would really appreciate it if you would subscribe on this podcast on iTunes or just share it with your friends we think it could be valuable to so thanks again for listening and see you next time