Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I wasAn event director for homecoming commission. I'm also not Mentor Fonseca and I was a peer leader for University 101. But yeah, just like you stay busy. Yeah, I sure do and on top of that I was still a student. So hey, we should balance it all by the grace of God. Yes. Okay, and today's topic is we're going to talk about a retreat that me Josh and 12 other guys were lucky enough to go on a little over a week ago. Go and during that during that Retreat we were able to not only just bond together as as black men. We were also able to attend sessions put on by older gentleman and they were able to give us life lessons that we will need to go through as you know, just as regular people. What did you take away from and Joshua is you take away from from the retreat? Being a black man that being a black man is tough, but we're going to get through because there was a lot of things that were said and you know, like a lot of activities that we did that relates to real life, but it happens in real life. So, you know and all those men have been through that. So just taking away that like we're gonna go through things about them the day like it's gonna be okay, but what was your favorite session from a tree? That's a little tough because the money activity was fine, but then I like the mental health sessions because that's not talked about a lot in our community, you know, so that was the that was one of my we had two sessions about that kind of so those two were those who are my favorites. I think you mean like the one with dr. Wells? Yeah who the other one would come in from Allen from vendors one of those? Okay. Not going to be either one of those but I think the one with dr. Wells ready to talk about manhood. I think that was that was my favorite because I feel like during that one like he challenged us like no not necessarily us, but I'm speaking for myself. He really just challenge me on like the way to think about like how to go about the whole mental health day because he talked about like we when it comes to like us we don't really have like a language for our support system to let them Know that we're not doing well and that we need to just develop that and also that we don't need like sometimes when it comes to somebody earning your trust. You just gotta go out on a limb and just you know, give him the benefit of the doubt instead of just waiting in to have them like build up your chest because that may never come. Let me also along with that. He's not the bottom pasta syndrome, but I personally, oh, dr. Thompson. Yes always something different. And there's a lot of opportunities that you can take advantage of while being here. What do you feel like you're good enough or not? But also like but we got like the day we got there like we went to the you went to the cafeteria and it kind of felt like we was in high school. Like I was in high school again, and I can't but I think that was like a cool experience to go through and then like after after we got done eating we had this one session with Charles and We're like we had the fall like he picked like I think three or four people to fall and they can fall in any direction and then like the people around them had to catch him and he picked my cousin Joseph from our group and Joseph was falling like either which way like literally and then like it was there are times where he made us like the times he made us back up and back up and make it harder for us when they did. Fault and then like when that happened like Joseph L one time because like we didn't know where you was going so we can think of that activity that was a little tough for me because I'm the smallest person. I think that was in that room whichever which you know for me when it when it was my time here in the fall toys me about was I watch out because I stood in front of you but I mean it does make you realize that you got to be aware. Yes. Roundings and be prepared for the best and words because you never know what can happen. So I also think that a lesson that was that could be taken away from that session is like you really have to pick the right people to be around because like whenever you're falling you're going to need them to pick you back up and like just having just having that some support systems like really important especially for us and especially during times like this, but also like there was another session it was In the very next day with God forgot what his name was. Mr. Wade. Yeah, we had a session with mr. Wade, and he talked about like how you know, how how do I approach how like a to approach an interview and whatnot like how to just really be professional and like one thing he has to say that really like stood out to all of us was was on he said to prepare be prepared for the opportunity of a lifetime. The other one I think there was a woman. No, it was not is mr. Way except are for the opportunity of a lifetime for a lifetime opportunities and like what I took from that is like basically you really have to like stay ready so you don't have to get ready. Like what did you take away from those from that one session from way? Oh, I just think that like his whole back story was interesting about how like he wanted like he played the violin and he knew ooh that people don't mess with him and like but he he made a decision to do what was best for him like many times about his mom and how like he looks down his dad and even get it done the couch like he had to do his best for him. So at the end of the day like you got to do what's best for you and you got to work through those circumstances and stuff like that to get things done because you know, it is your life. So you got to make it. It's what you make it at that point. And then like the next session we had was with Jalen James Hillier and on What he talked about was like the whole grad school process. Are you going to grad school? I can't do it. I can't do it. But I feel like I feel like what's his session that it was helpful because some of the guys in that with us do like they do want to pursue grad school and like heat the way he broke things down like the test that like they would need to take and like the stud like how to study in like how soon they need to do things because with that he waited to the last minute. To get things done and like use kind of scrambling with his options and where he wanted to go. But luckily South Carolina off him like a good package. So he took it he came here and like do I just felt his session like maybe things like a little bit smoother a little bit smoother for the guys who like really like listen and pay attention. And also like he told us that we need to practice our elevator pitch which is like a quick 30 second Pitch to somebody important. If you make me in the elevator, basically he's telling basically telling that person who might interview later basically telling your name like what you do and then I say something and they say they tell them something interesting about yourself. She's like what you're interested in like so like what you might be interested in doing possible for that company. Oh that can help you like get like improve like how that company is. Yeah, okay. And then like there's another session it was another session where dr. Hamilton he talked about joining the Peace Corps and like I didn't think that session will like appeal to me the way that it did because I never thought about joining the Peace Corps game, but like the way he broke that down like he um, like the country that he traveled to he may seem like it was like real cool because like he'd the way he was interacting with the kids like all the stuff. He was able to do in the community and by the projects that they were able to put together and then I use I mean the government did pay for him to go there and like they don't really give you much to go there. But he said here if you use your money, right? It should be enough for you. All right, when you feel that you can like $10,000 Outdoors. I'm not okay. That sounds good. But if you think about it, you're there for like two or so years and like you usually would probably make 75,000 a year and you just made. 10,000 for two years. So I mean that's like that's what I'm like, okay sounds good enough, but like I didn't say you probably could have made more of that. I think that it was great that we had those different options displayed towards us because some people might not want to go to a school and then I'm going to do something else or they might want to go to not good 50 school and they want to go to grad school. So I think there was good that these people came by these guys came like display these options in front of us anything about him. He said that the Peace Corps I should for people who want to go to grad school a he said that people who she's a know. Basically he said that Peace Corps is really for people who don't want to go in before they go to grad school. The unique thing about him is he went after grad school and his master's what made him look more approachable. I mean my first of all to them. Yeah and he gave him like more options to what he wanted to do and also like a but you know that they're you know in pertains his Retreat, you know, I Isn't even going really I wasn't even gonna go. I really wasn't going to go. It wasn't until literally the week before Miss Shana aka Miss top two, but not too. Yes. She actually pressured me to go on those good thing because you know, I was able to try new things, you know, Bond and bond with some some of the guys there because I knew some of the guys there but there were some guys I didn't know that I was able to get to know but like I said, I wasn't even going to go but then I was in Black space like literally the week before and like she looked at me. She like Jonathan are you going on with you? I'm like, no she got I thought you'd be the first one to sign up. You would think I'm not going and then this thing that like you just kept talking to me and like basically I just said yeah, I'm like, yeah, I'll go. I wasn't the you know, I don't know. I like hesitated before I signed up because I'm just like I want to go. I don't know where we're going. I would be stuck with all these boys like but you know, it's another be a good thing, you know, learn something learn some things got to know some more people if I didn't know, dr. Wells beforehand and I didn't speak much to dr. Wait, so I'm just doing whatever they go back. So yeah, that was I mean, I'm glad I went at the end of the day. It was a great experience like mine Joe. We were in Winnsboro SC, South Carolina. That was in the middle of nowhere ghetto the ghetto like signals bad on your phone. At least they have Wi-Fi at least they have Wi-Fi. Yeah that Amy still need to go home at night and the bus we had Wi-Fi to so that was that was good. Let me make sure we have at least yeah, but we got there. There's no TVs, which I think that was good because yeah, you know That all the time so, you know each other. And besides the sessions that we do we also like we did karaoke we play games like you out there when we play basketball too, right? I was I was the sports commentator. I believe Sports hose and I was also the halftime show performer. So we did it was because I didn't think you guys deserved my talents. Not a fan of the cold. Yeah. I had I had Caleb and Joseph on my team and like when we were playing like I see Joseph Joseph is getting long windy. So I called timeout. I'm like, I need a sub like we got to get Joe out of here. Well, that's another thing coming. Yeah, that is when Donovan came in we wanted to but I think he was scared to get in there. Like there was talking there was talking trash to be but let it be no I got buckets on now. What is he dragging? Right so, you know, well, I didn't play that first game and that first game the other team blue leave they did they have them and they I don't know what happened, but it started going down here. And also like during during that trip like like before that the Friday before that Saturday, like I had stayed up all night, which was not which was not my best idea ever because like literally we were just in the room. We were just talking in like someone's guys like really got some stuff off their chests that you wouldn't even think that they would talk about. But I feel like that was good for us because I think it helped us like get to know each other just a little bit better. Yeah, but yeah me and me and Joe. Stay there for a long time. Not not our best idea went to sleep. So yeah, let it be known that very nice day. I was in bed for 11 o'clock. We were all like I used to I just feel like the retreat. A whole like was a good thing because I really got just forces to try new things, you know being able to get like a little bit of mentorship from older man. I feel like we really really need that especially in our community. That was great to have other people there because I most of the time we just go to Charles because he's our like you got on campus and the only one that we interact with us, but now I mean, some of them are on campus like that are they're busy. But like now we do see that we have options like The Thompson is there even though he might be busy a lot of times but it's not to see that we have other people that we can go to like they were all nice and like you can reach out to me is my contact information decided third. So it was good that we had these other people their front of us and that's hello, you know, like because of that trip, like like I said like we group like we grew closer to those people like even afterwards when we went to back the backlight the next week like you can see like all of like you just see all of us like taking pictures with each other like Read it I feel like that true like kind of create a support system that dr. Wells, you know talked about. Yeah, like they aren't most of them said together and you know, we have a good chance that it's fry from people. We have the group chat. So, you know, it's just it's nice to you know have like twelve or fourteen thirteen people. You know that you now can call your friends and their family treatment yet. We do. I'm not in it we know. The any yeah, but like but yeah, I want to thank the Shona for just putting his own Queen. Has been for that one time last semester. So, you know, she really is for the forest. Oh, yeah, and like the one thing that I the one lesson that I feel like was big as for us was to take away a lesson story. That was one thing like we kind of said like over there during that whole trip. He took that from the mat meeting, but we're gonna let him have that but it was a good You know because you don't want to take away the whole person's life, but that's necessarily what they like told you or what you can take away from, you know, because this one thing can be the most important thing versus all that other stuff like this what you get out of it. It's like what really matters and also I feel like with that with that saying like it makes people like have to actually listen to when somebody is talking to him because that they're not gonna just outright tell you what the lesson is you kind of have to like peel and pig I would listen is in between the lines of what they're trying to say because everybody takes everything differently. So like you might have got something different out at that. I did out of it that I did so Well, that's today's episode the reality Roundtable. I like to thank Josh for being my guest and also I would like to thank also for putting on their Retreat and if you're a student if you're a black man at USC and you get a chance to go on this Retreat next year, I strongly suggest that you go you will be able to gain new brothers after during the trip and it will create a bond that you will have for more likely the rest of your life. And until then I'm Jonathan Brown and I'll see you later.