Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time toBut it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome and it's obviously Tuesday. Maybe you're listening to this on a different day of the week. You're not a real fan and you're listening later. Yeah, maybe maybe it's fine. But we just wanted to wish you good luck on this month because it's March now and it's the best month because it's my birthday month. It's Caitlin. Every season is coming up which means everyone can be a raging bitch for no reason. It's my favorite time of the year. We are we're excited for Caitlin. We're going to celebrate her all month. I think every episode I'll probably mention that her birthday's coming up as well leading towards yes. I think actually one of the episodes comes out on my birthday. I just really got it does and it's going to be your pick whatever you want to talk about. Perfect. Can't wait. Okay, let's do - cries. All right, you have a first yeah, I'll go first this time because usually I go first. Yeah. Okay. So my high this week is that I got to watch a male clean my car while I was sitting inside my car and email specifically. Yeah, just just my boyfriend, but it has entire thing. Yeah, I bet you did the whole thing and he kind of got annoyed at me for it. But it's like what are you gonna do? Like, you're you're cleaning my car and I'm going to play a Slave for You by Britney Spears while you're cleaning my car. That's just my vibe. So that was definitely my high for the week. I haven't seen that site ever in my life and let me tell you ladies when the day comes and you have that site. I was waiting for it to rain this weekend. Just ruin it. That's a great after you're like, yeah, he like wash my car's I was like she knows you're gonna rain. What is it droplet resistant? Yeah, whatever. He liked upgraded for that and I was like sick. Well, I mean if it rains it rains, but yeah, that was my high for sure. There's other there's other positives of the week, but I just saw that I was like nice little cherry on top to my day. My cry though is that Caitlin I went out on this past Saturday night and we had a great time just like got some chicken tenders or in bed by 10:30. It was perfect perfect night. However, we both got two cocktails and one beer on any other night. That would be barely. Yeah enough for not achieving a strong and I don't even think I was like drunk. I think I was just I feel like we were fine. Yeah, I mean we were a hunter we were fine because of your dad and I had just as much as you and it was spread out over a very long period right but then I came back home and I was just tired whatever and I woke up the next day and had all of the side effects of being hungover. Like I drank in like plentiful amount. Yeah, so I don't know if that was just me specifically you got maybe was specifically what we drank. We had Moscow Mules. Yeah. I had a drink the same thing. I guess you had a different. Yeah, I had a old-fashioned to begin with but still it's like I it's not like we drank Long Island Iced Teas and fucking yes on tables all night like that wasn't that was a Vibe? No. Okay. Here's a little slow to glasses in we're fine. I'm yeah moving at a glacial Pace today, but I yeah, I don't know if it's just me not. Yeah dehydration not taking care of myself. This will talk. About this later in the episode, but which is funny that you but get hungover from dehydration. Right as I don't drink water. Right? So I'm going joke is that Caitlin? We like we must force her to drink water on The Daily there until that time me with a glass of water. Whatever I walk. Yeah. The only time she drinks water is if we say hey, have you had any water today? And I mean she get into it. That's exactly what happens. It's like the only water you really have as an iced coffee. It's like the iessons coffee and I tell everyone that they said that if that's not no that's And it's no longer worse off. So yeah, those were my thighs and cries. All right, so my high was that I had one of those never have that. I don't know if you ever have this where you just are like, I need to clean everything. Yeah, like deep clean get my room to like the fullest extent and I cleaned out my closet. I got a shoe right? Like I did everything. Yeah, so I feel very good about how my room looks right now. It was just like I thought it was me a rainy day and I needed to do some spring cleaning. So I'm very happy. Everything's clean took some clothes to donate. All that kind of stuff. So it always makes I cannot leave I wanted you. I cannot leave my room even with my like bed undone. Like it just makes me stressed out. So having a clean room. Yeah, I feel great real and I like even though I'm not as particular as you when I get in those moods. Yeah. I must take advantage. Yeah, and that mood will probably leave me by the next day. So if I'm in that mood to just clear out the closet and do all that then like I have to I must accept it just sucks. As you get stuck in like the rabbit hole of like now I'm going through everything I've ever owned. Yes garage and this and all that. Yeah. Luckily I had all day because I had to kind of put that deicide. Yeah, but I was like, that's really nice. So and it's a good time to be doing that obviously spring cleaning is a necessity. Yeah, but I don't think a lot of people like it's an excuse. I think a lot of parents use like tell their kids to go to the closet. But as you get older and you start realizing that you're just like if I move out I don't Don't want to Lug all this shit with me. Yeah, just do it when you're not in like the rush to move. I Almost Do it in like Advanced? I guess in my closet probably maybe once a month once every two months and I just get stuff. I like him will not be wearing that Caesars. Whatever like it doesn't fit. Does it look good anymore? Maybe it's not whatever. Yeah, it's like and fashion. Yeah. It's like I'm just going to donate it. So I end up donating it or I go to Uptown Cheapskate which is near us and I got like 40 bucks from I'm like This week or Poshmark said that pot were just always just so tedious. It is really not that ordered. It just takes so long to do. Yeah, but I've had some success with that. But yeah, so that's all good. And then My Cry is that I think I don't know whether I don't think it's from lack of sleep because I thought I get a pretty good amount. I think I get like seven to eight hours of sleep every night. Hmm my eyes been touching for 48 hours, which the only time because you mentioned this before we started recording and the only time that's happened to me is when I Was staying up really late drinking - I think it's from work. It could be from Jedi and it also could be from stress. That might that's what I'm thinking. But yeah my height which lasted for I would say. Yeah three months. It was fucking hell because it's you just get used to it. But then when you realize that it's still happening, you're like what the fuck is wrong and it's like only one of them which I guess is better. I don't know but it's just like the left one and it's kind of like the Robbie and I was gonna get relief and I just looked it up and they're like brain tumor and I said, okay well Was it that's all and then it was like stress too much caffeine. Yeah to little caffeine. Oh, if you look at it, I was like that's like the same thing when you look up a symptom when you're like camping like it's like pregnant and you're like what? Yeah, we're like a medicated for heart attacks may cause heart attacks you like but I think okay. So Mike. Okay. Well, I could be anything. Yeah. I mean, I don't think it's sleep. I think I just and I don't know whether it's my eyes have been hurting like I my eyes have been strained from looking at computer your screen. So I think I need to Get I got a player blue like glasses and I feel like they just I got a really cheap pair. I just feel like they were not actually blue. Like I feel like it didn't do anything kind of like I need Amazon. Yeah, whenever I need to invest in like a good pair of since I am on my computer. Yeah, I Erica has a pair from movement. Yes, and she likes those but for some reason I feel like I don't know if they sell them anymore. But yeah, you can I might I might try to look at that just because we look at the screen all day and then if I'm watching Netflix, I'm like my eyes are hurting. Yeah, I don't know what I'm supposed to do that. Yeah. Yeah my cries that I'm falling apart in my eyes constantly twitching. So if you see me in public and I look like I'm winking at you. I'm probably not. She's like stepping up her flirting. Yeah, I'm taking you all with my right eye. I would never wake up. My left is my dominant. Yes pay attention. She's saying a lot with which I she's using twink that you've ever worked at someone in my entire life. Yeah me neither and I've been plenty drunk to think that that was a sexy thing to do. So that's like it's promising because I know that I won't make a fool. I just would like stare at someone from across the bar and like creepily smile, but I won't Wing that's if I'm like drunk like a Saturday. Apparently, I'm apparently That's just like II it's I'm it's so frustrating to be this age and be like, I can't have three drinks. Yeah, and I feel like I used to drink. Yeah, I would drink a lot more and it's character growth. Yeah, we're doing well which kind of leads into our topic. Yeah. So we thought a good topic would just be kind of healthy habits in general. I know we've had a kind of Health episode, but I think that this would be kind of just like smaller thing. We're supposed to great. Yeah. Yeah and easy to easy to integrate for sure. We're just even things that we do consciously because I know that both of us do different things in general like Caitlin. I pretty much are the two types of people if you want to like drastically like there's there's a Kaitlyn and there's a Tara and so like maybe you're in the middle maybe it's like a fluid like maybe your sometimes Caitlin sometimes Tara but it's very much a very different different different humans of saying like goals Aspirations in life to succeed but we just go about it very differently. It's true. So but so I got this list and it was basically just things that like healthy habits girl women in their 20s should have and we thought it'd be good to kind of go through these see if we actually do them. Yeah the first one that's gonna win. Oh, it's gonna be you probably think said, maybe we'll see. Well the first one doesn't help. The first one is drink more water. I win for sure. But that's the first time I read this it said 2 to 3 cups of water. And I said I could do that. And then it said per hour at I said I I would drown I don't know how someone could drink that much water. Okay, the that's a lot. I will say that that is a lot, but I know that that's what is ideal. And I also do tend to feel less bloated when I'm thinking about drinking water. And so if you feel like you're just a bloated person it really I think that it does just come down to like maybe just try and shoot. Think twice as much water. Yeah, which is so it sounds ridiculous. But I think really your body will eventually get used to the amount of fluid that's like kind of rushing through like clearing your system and you won't pee as much eventually but right off the bat. That's what I get annoyed with. Yeah, is it if I'm really thinking about drinking a lot of water at work, I'm going to the bathroom like every hour it feels like yeah, which is obnoxious as fuck but a a couple of the little like tidbits of like suggestions. As in this is just like adding lemon Mint or cucumber, which I think to also helps if you're kind of just like like Waters really Bland or I just get tired of the taste if I drink too much of it, which I think that water always tastes good to me, but definitely when I just will add some like other flavor in it tastes obviously taste better and I just forget that I'm drinking it when I worked at Jamba and I was also like an athlete playing soccer. I used to love to essentially steal product. I would just make Like lemon Cayenne water and yes my favorite cause I liked the taste of it and yes spicy and we got worked. Yeah. I'm like thinking I might just have to do something like that. Yeah because it's cool because Seltzer waters are kind of coming in and that's why I think I don't know how hydrated those make you because they're also fizzy and if something I still haven't dated I feel like it would make you I'm sure it's better than not drinking anything but like carbonation always seems like counterproductive to me because I think about soda where like you feel right it from the sodium. And another thing too is just drinking tea like yeah. You still water? But if it's really it's the caffeine like if you're drinking caffeinated look really like dark black tea like that's gonna dehydrate you because there's caffeine in it. But if you're drinking like a like a good amount of just like non-caffeinated tea, yeah and like used to switch off all tea with honey. Yeah, you like switch off you drink that you drink like normal water you drink lemon water. Like it'll it'll equate to a good amount of water per day and that's kind of how I guess being I got work for eight hours. I most making a game. Like I can't I don't want to have like an empty cup next to me. So if it's tea or water, it's just like and we were good about that too because they have like the full thing of yes, it's nice to have options. Yeah, the whole thing of free water and 80 40s. Yeah, so nice. I know I've got something I need to it's been on my one of my New Year's resolutions is probably like 2016 just drink more water because yeah, what about my skin? It's a scam. I know it helped me lose weight. Yeah, it's like something. Those water bottles that has literally the time of day on it and you drink it and then you fill back up. Yes. We have those are really popular right now. There's a couple black beauty bloggers that yeah our been boasting about them, which I don't know like how gimmicky it is, but maybe using that for sure be of like an Aquafina bottle. Yeah. Try that out before I invest in anything. We see if this works. Yeah. The next one is sleeping seven to eight hours a night. I feel like I would win that one. I think that you do too because you do take your sleep seriously, but then I also would say that if I sleep 6 hours I make up for it by sleeping 9 or 10. Yeah, like a different night. So it's like you're more consistently in the bracket of 8 or 7 to 8, but then I'll like slip-up and then I like catch up later. So it's like I don't think that what I do is necessarily healthy, but I don't consistently get five hours of sleep and I am just like try to operate off that. Yeah people some people do and It's like I think that will catch up with you regardless of whether or not you feel the effect of it. Like maybe you're just so used to it that you don't realize that it's having a greater toll on your body, but I can't function. Yeah, I am assistant Lee off that. I've always been like the kind of person who goes to bed early and I'm glad that my friends who are now like kind of working full-time or kind of getting that like I slept over at my friend's house last week and it was like 10:00 10:30, and I was like, I don't know how late he's going to make us stay. A up and he's like, all right. Well, I'm getting pretty tired and I was like, thank thank God thank God. It's the latest whatever State College I would be like, all right, like 9:30 10 o'clock like ready for bed and people would be up to lie to ya in the morning and I was like, I can't do that. I simply cannot do that know and I also wake up very I think it's a sign it's a sign a little bit of being irresponsible and a little bit of self-sabotage mixed together. It's like I don't know of anyone other than one person that I'm thinking of that can operate. On five hours of sleep. It's just not good for your health. I think it's also because my mom is like a nurse. So she's like your immune system will not survive. If you are sleeping that little yeah. The only thing though I will say is that a lot of people are almost married to their sleep. Yeah, like they'll they're very like they're not willing to kind of give some like Evan flow of like I they're like I go to bed at this time and I will leave a party to make sure I'm in bed at this time and I think Think that there's a little bit of give and take like you don't have to be in bed by 9:30 every night no matter what at age 24. Yeah, you know give yourself like one night to be out a little bit later, but that's just again, like if you're really go goal oriented and you're kind of focusing like that's like you're more of a structure. Yeah, and maybe that keeps you in that kind of like routine and you can rely on yourself. To get to your workout or whatever the next day. It doesn't because I work for a company that's based in Europe. So I like to start my I usually start work around 6:30 7:00 in the morning. Yeah, and I'm also working remote most the time. So it's like to me it makes sense to wake up very early. Yeah, and like if I'm going to wake up at 6, I don't want to go to bed any later than 11 or I'm just going to be a hundred percent aging asshole. No, it's not worth it to anyone. Right? No. No, I think I'm more saying like on a Friday or Saturday night, like don't I mean I think there is like a give-and-take obviously don't like never don't like don't change your plans the next day just because you want to relish and like the party or like whatever it is, but like don't dip out on the party also, so I think try to enjoy your yeah, enjoy. Enjoy your youth still but try to hit those hours. I have to tell myself that all the time. The next one is eat more real foods, you know, I think we did pretty well. I feel like I think about a hundred roses healthy, but that's because well, I'm Different it did not true. I think that really the mindset that I put myself in with eating we've talked about this on past episodes is that unless I am like actively trying to feel a certain way or like and I think I should probably be in those mines and again where I should be like, I'm going to just focus maybe this week on cutting out. Like maybe I'll cut out like starchy carbs or something. Like I'll I'll make more of an effort to do that. But if I'm going to eat if I'm not going to really think about like losing a certain amount of weight or like looking a certain way. I'll try to eat good amount of vegetables and like cleaner. Yeah Foods Monday through Friday and let myself kind of just like eat what I'm craving Saturday and Sunday, but that's if I'm just like trying to yeah, like in and out loud yesterday like Just yeah, I wanted it. I got it and it was awesome. So I just that's kind of my take on it. But if you're like trying to like really again, like if you're trying to make a huge change in your life, then yeah cut out the stuff that you know is going to kind of be a Gateway be out to something else. Yeah. I've been trying to be better about it. Well, I feel like neither of us kind of eat like heavily heavily processed food like Top Ramen or like things like that like I think like even When like we eat food that's like maybe a little more unhealthy but like we made like pizza like we made like pizza from like scratch. Yeah, we got like dough and marinara and our own we knew everything that was going into it. Yeah stuff like that. Like I feel like that's different. But yeah, it's not going to Domino's it's not I mean obviously I don't want to Eat in and out every day, but let yourself be to everyone like I haven't had it in months. I know I think I've been trying to eat I feel obviously if you make your own meals at home, you're going to eat healthier just because you know what's going into and you're also in control of your own portions is one thing that is harder to like eat more real foods and eat healthier if I have to go into the office because we end up going to end up going out to lunch and most of the time like if you're going to like Thai food or something, there's very limited things that like, yeah I can get where you're like healthy. Yeah and to be Tempted it's really like if you're putting yourself in situations where you know, no one's really thinking about what they're eating or maybe you're with a friend that doesn't really have to watch what they eat their just like naturally very thin or something. That's really frustrating. And those are all my it's cards everyone we surround ourselves with yeah, and I've kind of told myself like if I'm gonna on a weekday, like if I'm buying lunch out were like ordering something. I'm getting either a solid. Adore rap. Yeah, I like I've limited myself to that. Like I've kind of pulled back. I'm like, I'm not going to order sandwiches anymore. Yeah, I'm not going to get any like pasta like it's just you're not like a big like gluten doesn't make you feel great. Yeah, I'd like I I'll eat it still. It's just like I don't I know that I'll be bloated if I'm eating bread for three meals a day and even if I'm because I've been kind of pulling back on even like larger breakfasts you unless I'm working out in the morning. Yeah, so even if I'm eating gluten for Meals a day, it's just like that's it's just a little bit. Yeah too much. I feel like a good part in like this just with this tip is like knowing what foods make you feel like garbage. Yeah, you like just all right don't have creamer in your coffee. Yeah have like nut pods. Whatever that is that you like. Yeah. A little Act is no. Yeah, I'll just use almond milk, honestly, and I think that's like that. It's a really hard it's hard when you feel like maybe you're either being judged by other people or you're being too complicated. Like that's where I think a lot of people are just like I like I'm trying to be easy going like yeah, of course like you don't be obnoxious about it. But do ya do what makes you feel good? If you're vegan be vegan or vegetarian be vegetarian if you eat everything then eat it in moderation and get fresh ingredients. Like it's just yeah figure out what's good for you and stick with that. You know, I'm supposed to this is off topic, but I'm not the topic of diets. I'm like supposed to do some kind of key. No type diet according to my doctor. So just so we can do my laps and stuff and I keep putting it off because I'm supposed to travel. Yeah, and I'm like, I don't want to go to Denver for my Grandma's birthday with the but like surrounded by like 12 15 family members and be like difficulty with yeah. So I'm just like putting it off. Yeah, because I don't want to do like half I don't want to half-ass it. I want to like just do it straight. So I'm like, yeah something I need to do. Yeah that is hard I've and when I was getting ready to go on my trip to London and Portugal I yeah you was working out a lot and was I cut out all like yeah pretty much bread products. I would say I still eat brown rice, but I wasn't eating any bread and I felt so less like a much less bloated and felt great and kind of drop like five pounds really quick. So it's like there's fixes. It's just how serious are you to change how you're eating and like I go through phases of like that. It's really important to me or that's not important to me and I'm kind of in a phase right now of like moderation is more important to me. I'd rather eat the things that I want to eat and not be like my like I just I think I should eat salad and I don't want to do that. So but if you're like prepping for a trip, yeah, I would say it's easier to get away with eating like that for like a week or two and like no one's going to be like, yeah that fuck like yeah, you know, I'm just trying to feel good in a bikini all week. Like I've been trying to cut back a little A bit even though we just ate half a pizza, but in English, it doesn't matter because I ate an entire container of mushrooms. Yeah and Terry an entire jar of Olives. Yeah, good good shit adoration moderation. The next one is the in a relaxing morning routine. I do not do that. I don't do it either and I really should do that. I should Eric has been implementing one and I feel like every time I get in the car. She's like I did like a 10-minute at home. Workout this morning and like that is so cool to hear friend do because I'm like, I only think of working out as I'm jumping sweat or I don't go. Yeah, like I forget that you can do like small thing. Yeah in your day like even like a walk or just lifting weights and stuff like yeah, like she'll if even if she gets a 10-minute at home thing that is better than nothing and sometimes I forget that and then I'll remember and then I'll just do 20 Jumping Jacks and I'm like, oh, yeah like that was Was I at home workout? That was like better than not doing anything. So I need to get out of my head about that where it's like with a morning with the morning workout. I'll I'm waking up at 5 to make it to a 5:45 a.m. Class. And then that turns into me being awake from 5 a.m. To yeah, whatever. I'm going to just a long day and I had been pretty bad about like the past couple times. I've had spin in the morning. Like I've slept really like poorly just because I know that I Have spin in the morning and I just like keep waking myself up. And those are the days where I'm like, I don't think that I'm putting too much like negativity around waking up early. Yeah, you know, like I just it should just be like, I'm gonna die earlier. Yeah, like I'm just gonna I'm gonna get enough sleep if I'm going to bed at a at the right time. Yeah, so that's I think that's a psychological thing. It's like it doesn't have to be a bad thing to wake up early and I think it's kind of silly that we talk. About someone being like a night person or morning person like just be a person and just like wake up at whatever time you want to wake up at. I know I'm was I if I wake up and I have a little bit of time I usually am on my phone, which is not I didn't opposite of what you're supposed to do. Yeah, you're not supposed to look at that all until I can do minutes after you wake up. Yeah, like that'll like kind of weak because it what turns out like, I'll look and see what to I don't set an alarm most days unless I have a meeting before 8:00 because I'll wake up naturally. That's right, 6:30 and I give myself like the span of waking up from like I'll wake up either five forty five or seven or somewhere in between so I have to look at my phone to see what time it is. And then I end up just being all indications and stuck. And I also I work remote a lot of the day so I work out of my room. So like I'm getting ready and stuff and then work started up did that it's like work is starting are all like be checking slack and stuff like that. So I don't really give myself five minutes. Like I don't really know what I would do. Like the Arts not separate. It was like like like use a facial steamer. I do meditating or journaling and I'm like, I want to find something where I don't feel like it's a chore because I'm if I'm journaling just to say I'm journaling and being like look this is going to make me super calm. That's not going to help me. No. Yeah distress me in any way. Yeah, I think for a little bit in college I was getting in the habit. Well, this was it wasn't a habit. I just like was doing it intentionally, but I had my coffee maker like right next to my alarm. Right next to my bed. And so I would like wake up to my first alarm turn my coffee maker on. Yeah, and then I would be like kind of laying there knowing and like my coffee maker would make noise. It's like hard to fall back asleep and then it like my room would smell like coffee and then I could sit in my bed and drink coffee y'all waking up. Yeah, and that was probably the best morning routine I got in. Okay was like I would I would be in this like habit of like, okay like it's be nice to wake up to the smell of coffee. And so like I'm going to do this but this is a very particular case where it's like I didn't have to rely like I don't have to get out of bed to go do something like I could still like wake up and be like laying in bed, which is like I need to wake up very slowly because yeah, usually my thing is I wake up like brush my teeth come in do my makeup whatever go downstairs get my coffee. Come serious get dressed snarling. Hmm. So it's like yeah or like what about like turning on music? Something I know I guess I could do that. It's also good that I have housemates. Yes. I wanted to see loud doesn't disturb like I think I might just be something where I need to like stretch for five minutes because I'm also a very like my body's always very tight. Yes, so I might just have to implement that and yeah just like stretching for five minutes or try it for like like that because I know a lot it like I've every blogger every influencer. I follow is like take five minutes in the morning and journal or meditate or do a face like stuff like that. I'm like, oh I know I should fine, but it's Well and yeah in regards to that the next one is listen to your body. Yeah, so yeah, like if you're feeling tired say no to like yeah say no to going out maybe like rain check on someone obviously don't make a habit of it but listen to yourself and don't like I was talking to a friend on the phone today and she was talking about how she was feeling like a lot of her friends that she was hanging out with this weekend. We're running on negative percent energy. Yeah, like there were like Depleted and so they were just trying to entertain everyone around them and they had nothing left for themselves and they were going to get sick and like especially it just with the kind of schedules that we keep it. If you don't listen to yourself, you're going to end up having to take a week off of work. Yeah, and that's worse than just taking a night off. Yeah, we're two nights off a weekend off. So I think that's just that's just really good advice. It's so hard especially for social person that doesn't like to bail but the fomo is not real. Yeah, it's made up and one that another like of the tips as I kind of link to that is like moving at least 20 to 30 minutes a day, which I know I try to do but since I know me and you both work desk jobs, it's a little bit harder. Yeah to kind of like get ourselves because I know like you can walk around we work or like kind of do a walk at lunch, but I know for me like sometimes I end up just eating my lunch at my desk or something and that's something I also need to get. Are about is yeah going for a walk at lunch or doing like doing something? Yeah outside. Yeah that going outside also. Yes, the sun does help a lot if you're feeling depressed to like this is something that my therapist told me when I was really depressed which I think about this a lot and makes me really sad but I was in this place of like I don't want to leave my room. I don't want to leave my bed. I work 10 feet from my bed. So like I'm just going to stay in this box and this bubble. Yeah, and so she told me that if I got in the habit of at least in the middle of the day like a certain time set an alarm for it, I went outside and I like touched plants interesting and like looked at plants and just like stood in the Sun or sat in the Sun that I would inevitably feel better and it worked every single time. That's very interesting is it makes sense? Yeah. She was saying like when you connect with like other Like with nature with like other life. Yeah and like realize how simple like beautiful simple things are then like you'll end up like feeling a lighter and less like dark. I've you know, sometimes when I'm if I end up working and I'm just in my head at work until like 1:00 2:00 p.m. And I realize I've not been outside. I'll go to like somewhere on the coast and just work from there for two hours like outside is like I'm like, I cannot look underneath the tree like coffee coffee as like this nice like area underneath the Trees of like, okay. I'm around people. I think that's part of it, too. I'm like if I'm kind of isolated and I'm not seeing anyone or if I'm just seeing the same one person. I'm like not gonna not gonna Thrive hmm. I'm gonna skip through these Y'all are these are like just kind of reiterating like focusing on your health and tidying up taking breaks tidying up we get to eating fiber the fuck. Well sure. That's I think that's all encompassing also. Yeah, this one I actually I like a lot the don't feel selfish for taking care of your body. Yeah, I think when people start like prioritizing themselves, they feel like Not being there for their friends or their family or like their dog or their significant other like whoever it is. It's just like they they people automatically just like especially women like want to put themselves lower on the list. Yeah, or they spread themselves too thin and stuff like that. Yeah. I feel like you're really good at being like knowing when you like when you want a long time and stuff like that and I don't want to see people have like someone asks me to hang out. I'm more likely to not unless I'm on my deathbed. Yeah say, yeah. Yes. Yeah, so I guess like it's also like partially like setting boundaries. Yeah like that. I kind of had that issue this weekend and I won't really go into it right now, but I kind of had this Epiphany that I was spending a lot of time like doing things for others and not enough time focusing on what I wanted. Like I wanted this past weekend to like work out and like run errands and clean my room and luckily my room's not a fucking nightmare and I don't have that many errands to run. Yeah. It's like a lot of things that it wasn't necessary, but I thought it wasn't nice to feel I was trying. Yeah. I was trying to like be in Tensional and I've been trying to be more intentional and reflect more and to be more like weekly goal oriented like we had talked about in past weeks of MMA. And so I was trying to like really focus on that this weekend and it fell into like I had someone close to my life like have something big happen that kind of needed my like attention attention. And so I kind of dropped everything to be there for that person and In hindsight. I think it's not like that person came out being like I need you. Yeah, I kind of was like taking on this role of like this person wants me around and wants me to help them and I kind of put myself on the back burner and I realized even today I was like, I'm feel really depleted because I didn't take enough time to recharge for myself. I feel kind of behind because you had all these things that you were like, I'm going to get this done now you're like I think I have all these things that I need to get done. But I did. Yeah, and I don't have the time this week. Yeah, and so I think that's like a scenario that a lot of people end up getting themselves into when you're just like a pathetic person and a lot like a lot of people are most people are unless you're a psychopath. So it's inevitable that like at some point you'll end up putting yourself on the back burner. Yeah, but then when you realize you feel shitty, like I think it's important to recognize that you you don't have to always do that like you don't always Have to value your needs. Yeah, like value what you need because you also can't be at like the best version of you for someone else if you're not already at a hundred percent and that's when you're going to find yourself running at negative like my like yeah, our friend was saying to be on the phone like she was like, I feel like everyone's just trying to like, yeah push through everything. Yeah. Yeah. Do you feel like having the planner has helped you I always yeah sweet because I was kind of like an anomaly but like do you feel like having yes. Well, yeah and I did there. To hold monthly reflection that you do at the end of every month. And so I did that on my break at work today. And that was really nice too because it even though I was feeling like kind of shitty. I'm like, oh shit, like, it's March first didn't even realize that's a new month and I wanted to like start this month like on a very like fresh and clean out and it was not that was the first month. You're like, I'm gonna go to the gym. Yeah. Yeah, exactly and I was just it was just a bummer because I'm like, oh man, like I really thought that I was going to have it all. Yeah in order and I don't and it's just frustrating but the planner actually helped me reflect on like a lot of the positives. Yeah that the past month brought to and while like the end of the month maybe wasn't as great as the beginning or the yeah, like the rest of the month. It's like oh, well, it's just it's a really easy to dwell on negatives. Yeah, and so is you're more likely to remember the negatives and the positives. Yeah, so it's good. It's good to like have things recorded and be like, oh like And it's not necessarily journaling but at least I can go back on previous week's and it's like we're like, what were your highlights of the week or ya know girls coming over on like the 15th and then like looking back in like just seeing that? Yeah, you're like, oh, yeah. That was so fun. Like I think that's really important and I'm not yeah again, like I'm not one to typically do that. So I'm glad that I do it now. Yeah, I think it is also just helps to keep you kind of in check and I'm on the people that likes writing down like mine has goal. So I'm like I need to go to the gym three to four times this week. Yeah. I feel like writing it down and seeing it every day on open. - like yeah. Yeah. Do you need to go? Yeah, but yeah, so little tips and tricks we need to work on. Yeah, we were not perfect. I know shocking. Can you imagine who would have thought who would have thought it which is why we have this podcast. So everyone is only saying yeah, we're often. We're yeah, everyone's yeah, we're pushing through we're doing it. So yeah, thanks for tuning in you guys all of you finish Love is Blind. Yes. Update on that. I think we can all agree that okay. I'll be sure so give it her dog wine. Hot take on that girl. I don't know. There's so many things I have to say we could unpack this for like another hour but I listened to a different podcast earlier today that they kind of like broke it down a little bit and I was like, you know what you're right and they compared it to the first season of Jersey Shore. Yeah where I'm like, okay. Yeah. The first season of Jersey Shore was a fucking shit show and you cannot recreate gold like that. Like that's what's this once people know what's supposed to happen. Yeah, and More likely to play it right like this. These people were like pretty authentically themselves. Right and I think in hindsight while like it was absurd. I think it's just like kind of proof that people don't really know what they're doing. Yeah, like a lot of them are it was with the age range of like what 24 to 35 is yeah, I would say and that's like the age that you think you have it. Together and it's just it's very very telling to watch reality TV and be like, oh, no, I know you're not a big Bachelor Bachelorette person. I'm not either but I watch it because my friend watches it. Yeah, and the next Bachelorette is actually 38 years old. That's amazing. I think it's because they probably took feedback that you don't even watch the season by watching the season because the boys at my work love it and I just want to be a part of the great right? Yeah, you can't relate to them as sport. So I have to relate to them right? Well, yeah, like most of the girls are like 23 24 and everyone. Why you're just here to get followers on Instagram like yeah interested. So I think they took that and were like, yeah fuck we should probably bring someone who's good is an actual like not a girl. Yeah. No, that's a 23 year olds like but I mean if I was I mean, I am their age if I was on the show, I wouldn't really not really looking for a husband. I'll think they are either right? Right? No, I agree and that's why those shows are so frustrating but I think with love is blind in general. It's like I think they're going to try to read. Do it. I'm sure they will and it's just it's just going to be even more cringe but I think it like it ended the way I think a lot of people could have predicted it with only two couples getting married once I don't know how long they'll last but yeah, it was very interesting because after we I like to do like deep dives into shows after we watch them or like even during while we're watching them. Yeah, and it said the like there were if you watch the show, there's like a few couples to get married and like they start out with six engaged and then like one of them stopping Five of them kept going but there were two other couples. They didn't even they didn't show really they said there wasn't enough time for and that it's one of the couples are still together and that there was another one. Do you remember the Rory Rory the guy that I was like, why is this guy now? Yes anyone. He's Grace. He was with a girl and then they broke up and then she is now dating a different guy that was on the show. No way. Yeah, and I was like, why did you follow that? That's so different so much to see. Yeah, especially with like forget what her Name is Kelly Kelly. Yeah, that was like so Bland. I don't like yeah, it was only like it wasn't planned to like the end. I was like, yeah, I don't know it was just her but I thought that was very interesting. Yeah, and I thought it was interesting that they like all that happened like their weddings were like November 2018. Yeah. I know that they're they just had to delete everything off of their Instagram and I guess if no one knows the show was coming. Yeah. Well, you know, I knew that she was going to show is coming to like a month ahead of time like right right easy to hide. It's so funny that it took so long. I know I was just I didn't they're also like there. Married both guys, I think there's someone was telling us that it might have been a lie. It's like Thursday, they're doing like a because I follow LED on Instagram cause I thought she was really cute and she seemed really sweet. They're doing like a it's kind of like the after the final Rose or whatever though Gosselaar does. Okay kind of like that. Okay. I still think they're going to bring everyone together for a little update or will be absolutely terrible amazing because they're all so poorly behaved. Well have them are very poorly behaved. Yes, the women are very poorly very, Like I wish they would have had a crazy guy on there. I agree because I think that they really only depicted women as kind of a little crazy goes. Yeah, and I know whether it was the way they were cutting the scenes or what but like I just feel like all the girls a little drunk. I didn't feed them enough and then they were just like absolutely terrible. Yeah, I agree like yeah, she's like yeah what yeah, it's going on, but I agree I would highly recommend if you have I fast-forwarded through a lot of it. I agree vinay. Besides I was like I use the 10-15 seconds. Skip yeah quite a few times. I skipped like four episodes even like I was like, well, I think I get the gist of skip through some of the seeds of the color because a lot of its just very repetitive a lot of its flashbacks. You kind of get the gist of what's going on. Yeah. Yeah. I highly recommend if you want just to watch some trash TV hot TIG was blind if you want to watch some murder things the trials of Gabriel. Yeah Fernandez. and then Something Aaron Hernandez. I'm going to get those two mixed up there but everyone knows yeah, you know, I'm not very good watch don't pretend like you don't know I need to watch I need to watch something lighter because I watched one of those yesterday. I was pretty today and I'm just like yeah, everything sad. Yeah in comparison, I watch six hours of the office yesterday. So how many times I was a productive productive? That's fine. Okay. Well that was it. That was my Rambo. Sorry. Yeah, so, you know what? We're just going to ramble again next week so catch us here again. And if you want to follow us on Instagram MMA pod me at Tara and deal Caitlin Joy. You can find us that's us. Yeah, we're going to be there, you know the dryness there and we'll catch you guys next week. See you. Bye.