socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking bod. We welcome comedian and on are producer of the light wolves lions lions and everybody will get gas. The wolf dead. That was almost you did say it twice. Well, here's the thing. That was gonna be such a good intro. Yeah, you were right there then you fucking with it, but you know what? It's okay because we're good friends in real life. So he's okay. Thanks for having me guys. Yeah. Thanks. I'll get you for this is great. Let me get this out. Let me just say something wrong. This is let me just get because we're here because during a cool drink something. Yeah bullshit fucking cliff for the big red cup, and we look we know I've been This podcast from Walker's gesture and I've been going back and forth. And I know why you do this podcast just and I know why you do it because we all know that you're doing a podcast just so you can show off your voice know the only reason you do it is and it's all good. It's fine because we all have creative Outlets we can do, you know can go on Tick Tock you can do insert one of the videos exactly. But but then you your route you took is you're going to trick your friend into the podcast. So, you know just to Showcase your voice and as long as idea and it's all good. I'd love to think of know, why you think I'm doing? Yeah. I don't know I feel There's something I don't know like something happened before I get here. They are like like there could be a weapon involved was court-ordered. I do it for the girls. Okay, that's great. Do you guys have a lot of girl listeners? I don't think so. I had to guess I'd say probably white males straight white males. That's fine. Yeah speaking of straight white males today. We review socks straight white cotton things. We think about socks socks. You guys are actually very time they had sex Hey guys. Hi. Yeah, I wear the same socks all the time. Yeah, I just sent here sighs. Nope. That's where the girls are the fucking think that again will cause low back up again. Yeah, go ahead. That's a white logo with a white logo your practice. Whoosh swoosh the best they're so thick and they're nice and I don't like like those books because you get bullshit like silly socks people were silly socks, but they're thin. Yeah, there are thick good socks so they don't like other feel so I get thick black socks. We will pull them up real high. Yeah, are they the low ones there are a lot of the high ones for sure. Yeah. I don't want to hikes it's weird like I thought like kings on and weird. Yeah, they go all the way up to the knees out of these people. Oh, no. All right, man, Joey's take him as soon as I get off of me later. Bye Joey. He'll have a good day. He was here for the intro and the yeah, and now he's that's actually why I didn't I've Whack Him the t-shirts. I know how Podcast get they get hot. Everybody guess is sweaty. Yeah. Yeah. No, no. No. Yeah, you feel better you feel better little bit what you think about socks your size. I wear socks, but here's so I've heard I don't know this is true. But I've heard that the heat in your body escapes through your head to your feet. So if you wear a hat or thick socks, you're going to stay warm. Hmm hands to yeah, this is true. Yeah. This is true. I like you to be like, hey, you know, this is true. You know, I like a thin thin thin sock the really I like I like the cheap shitty. Hmy socks why? I don't know. I find them come feet. It's like there's nothing there interesting. But sometimes I do like a thicker sock. It depends. What's more of a comfort thing? Yeah. I like them. I find them more comfortable. If I don't really feel him at all. Wow. I'm wearing very thin. But here's the thing only ankle. You know, you'd think a socks always because I get too warm. It's fair, but I don't like just a little bit of sock. Like, you know, the ones that are like an inch above the ankle. Yeah, I think I'm gonna go full gym sock or low ankle sock interesting. That's really interesting. Do you do do the little cute ballet socks with a no-show? Yeah. Those are two they feel weird of me than I don't like them. Those are wild. It's weird that we've all adopted as a normal thing. I hate them they're weird because they also they go to your middle of your foot. So it's like it kind of leaves this weird like really thing here. Yeah, and I feel it. I don't like Yeah that on the top. I don't want anything to feel on top of my foot. Yeah, I know Justin. What is your sock preference? Yeah. I used to be all Nike high-top sock high-top sock now. I'm the same. I don't know why I still do stand-up you gotta wear pants all the time, and I don't ever wear shorts. So it really doesn't matter. You're not a sports guy. Even when I Yeah, I would but it's like I'm probably gonna do stay up tonight. I don't carry pants around with me. That's a good point. I never know what I'm gonna get bass to be on stage. You know, you know, we are in Hollywood. You don't know what's gonna you never know. Yeah, I get the phone call you guys it's birds back room. I gotta find that. There's kind of like a boomerang that comment to move back and forth and Repose it on their Instagram sweet Joe. Do you know? Okay, so I do improv. Yeah and then I don't know the other comments. I will say this because I want to wait until we start recording you guys do make very funny videos. I will say thank you. I always will be like I want to watch them because you could scroll past it. Oh, yeah easily. Oh, yeah a lot of Bilu plenty of my closest friends. Tanner's yes. I liked her a lot. Yeah, basically just he's just you will that looks a little bit different with this shitty voice. He sounds stupid it does. Yeah your Coke and he's Pepsi. Yeah, but like Diet like Pepsi Zero. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah the one calorie Pepsi exactly. Yeah that like semak can explode getting sticky Russell is bed around while we should I was gonna be like take a ship. That's to I want to just kind of mess up the pillows. Yeah. Let's flip the entire bed upside down. That's a way funnier idea and I'll wait till I get home. Yeah. He's very gullible. We could tell them like the devil did it or something. He's back in high school. We convinced him. We lied and said a friend of ours had to switch because he grew up in a different school district and he was like, why do you go to this high school? If you live all the way over like out of like he should have gone to another one and we're like dude he had to switch schools because he was he got involved with gangs and he had and he believed it for like three years. I would dude having a gullible. Is the best shit ever I'm trying to think of some other examples where we just really to be fair. You told me his middle name was Barnabas and I believed it for like a year. That's pretty good. Yeah, that's crazy. And you really you did buy that because you always introduce him as Barnabas. He's tagged in our podcast as Barnabas not as Tanner you introduce him as his molasses middle name. He said his name was Barney. He asked him. What's your middle name? And then Tanner said Barnabas and we all started the laughing hysterically as you been getting you were just like, who are they laughing about his real name? Happened. I think he used to beat us. I don't treat us. It doesn't matter. Anyway, yeah, that guy doesn't matter. What if that was the whole podcast? Yeah, check out the Lions or Wolves Den. Yeah, it's all good. Yeah, it's better than ours. Well, you know, I know anyways no, it's fine. It's all good in the intro. You guys had was great. And we you know, we got you're gonna probably take off that shirt at some point Justin so goodnight. You know, we thought about doing completely nude episode. We'll just it's not a bad idea but who get after a while you just be like well now we're just naked so this yeah, I can start to like look at the funny bit. We have it's like well, it's like well sneak it out. I think we get to the point of taking the shirt off and be like no. Yeah, you'd get up to do the thing. You just did me back. I would we tell ya then I put it back on. Yeah, I'm sorry layers on and just swipe my water and everything. That'd be funny. We put on all of our clothes that that's a good idea every clothes. We have clothes cloth cloth. Cut a piece of clothing clothes. I socks you guys ever wear shorts and not be sure what kind of socks you want to rock with special. I that's what the only thing is stressing me out. I usually go ahead a saddle know what I do. I do. Yeah, the high socks. Are you go go. What do you do? Yeah. Well usually hide it depends what kind of shoe you got it all depends on what kind of shirt you have on that's a great commercial and I gotta do it sucks socks it matters. What else you have on? I think the look is the tall sock sure. It's tall socks sneakers. I think it is too but it depends who you are. But I grade your ass. Yeah, you know, I mean, I don't know how I feel as a grown adult man wearing like fans and high socks showing like I don't think like if I wanted to get a loan they be like, okay. Yeah. All right, you know those big old thick Furs or wool socks that old people wear. Oh, yeah. Those are cool. Huh? Oh boy. Was it the Chris Farley Show, you guys know will you guys know old man sighs? Those are cool. Just nice to you. Me shit for this but sometimes I like a nice toasty thick sock to sleepin like a wool sock, but don't you sweat in your sleeves just know sometimes I go sockless when sleeping because I like to feel the blank is you're just a person. Yeah. Thank you see and gonna do socks me sleep. Yeah, sometimes what if it's creep under cold climate has the are you do you live outside? Now you do do it. Now. It's cold really. Sometimes it was bad last week. I said a couple Nice Rice off with a bull's eye, but doesn't it feel weird like it feels like you're what he'll I felt like you're like like swimming with socks on. Yeah, we can go read on your little toesies to exciting times. But sometimes when you're in bed and you're trying to get like cozy, they feel like little little blankets for your feet zi in this song. I like wool socks. I wear to sleeping there's sometimes I can't get my feet if I have socks on it feels like my feet are forever cold if I don't take them off and then warm them up in a collective blankie talking sometimes when my feet are cold and the socks stay on and then I get in the bed. I just need them exposed. I need them to warm each other under in socks and bed for sure our without socks. And yeah, okay, huh. I mean don't you like the room real cold though? Yeah. Well, I want to be freezing cold out. I like that too for sure when you sleep. Yes. Homeroom your fucking psycho, but not if you have to wake up really early, right what so IPA and I sometimes have to get up at like 5 a.m. Wakeup way to her. Yeah as I'm releasing shivering cold as read by the way, that's ridiculous. I know it will be I've seen you out pretty much every time I've seen you recently it'll be like 11 you'd like. Yeah, I got to be up in two hours to go. That's crazy. It's gonna ruin my comedy career. I will quit if This is the only job I can get I will quit comedy. Why is it so goddamn early they do it though. Now don't even drive somewhere to do with get a thing and then got to go get a thing and then go to the thing and set the thing up and take the thing to the thing and then the whole bird usually it's all like a week's worth of weeks worth of work weeks worth works with of were a week's worth of work. Yeah, and it's like for a picture in a menu somewhere. That's crazy. It's in Say I forget you don't people don't realize how much fucking work goes into like so yeah shit little tiny little thing that may not even make the cut. Yeah, and you're up at midnight to go to work. That's crazy. That's how I many time. I travel anywhere. I always get like two hours of sleep. Well, I just I always wake up. I get an early flight like a 6 or 7 a.m. With I'll always fucking get like three hours of sleep. The whole tree looks just like catching up. It sucks. I hate flying in the morning put it in the as late as you can. Yeah, I get the you take red eyes sometime if I can I usually fly to Burbank This so yeah, you're because you're a smart person the only a mile or two planes up there. So you'll go where we tell you when we tell you what is flies at 11:45 a.m. There's a security they just ask you are you cool? Yeah. Yeah. I'm cool. I wish that's all reports were but they're not there now at our ports and that's why we're here, you know at Christmas. Sometimes you hang a big old sock for Santa but presently. Oh nice. A great transition. Thank you. I mean what else could where else could we go and then you wait you found you found it. Yeah. Yeah you ever get something there? Yeah, you'll get stuck. It is stuff in your psyche get stockings. You designs we did stockings with me Tanner I girlfriends did it actually is pretty adorable. Yeah Pez and they're very cute Buzz Lightyear Pez. I think what ice you came up? Yeah, that's fucking great and we get socks in your stocking. No, that's all to it. I don't know. I feel like I've gotten socks for Christmas ones. Cotton socks and stocking Sands are made for like toothbrushes a hundred percent. Yeah dial sir like an Irish Spring soap bar if I have a kid, I'm gonna do I'll be like, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna do presents first stockings last presence. I'm going to do toothpaste socks a calculator bullshit. And then in the stocking I'm going to put like a fucking iPhone so we can just get thrown off will be like Christmas sucks because it's talking he's gonna be like Sour Patch Kids, you know a Tic Tacs or whatever and he's going to fucking open up an iPhone you like you You just force a PS4 and their stress hang that PS4 over the fire melding perfect spot. How about a little baby socks? Here's the little baby socks. Like socks were baby for baby. Yeah, here we see like little tiny baby Nike the best I thought Decoration like desk decoration or the creepiest thing you could possibly do such a good coffee table thing or did you are you meddling kids? We don't know babies. I've eaten exactly. I can't imagine what would happen if I went to a saw like a baby. She just kind of chill about it. It's just cute. Yeah, I think I would leave immediately. Baby, why do you have this that is funny never worn on one baby shoe. But just one of them you can have them both that almost is okay. Yeah, I just have one little baby shoe. You could put like a Racers and pencils in there. That is nice. I think look straight up a little pencil like one of like, where's the other shooter? Like, oh my friend has it and we look at it and think of each other. It's like having that half of a heart necklace. It's best friends forever baby shoes and shoes you buy socks or like Haynes t-shirts at like a Target and sometimes it's like a pack of eight and it'll be like plus 2 like you're getting a bonus. Sure. Yeah. Why why do they do that? It's it's a it's all an act get us. So who's that Dumpty? Just marketing? Yeah, just say there's 10. Yeah, why do they make it like a plus? Why not? Just but here's what I know. In is like understand 999 seems cheaper than 10, but age plus 2 seems lower than 10. You know, I'm saying agreed. I thought you said you didn't do stand-up. Yeah, this is good. Yeah, this is my favorite my favorite Netflix. Thank you. Yeah, I feel like it's going really pays off all the laughter. Yeah, you guys ever lose socks. Yeah, like just one though. What's where's I've lost I didn't unit washer dryer for like like a year about two one. Pass has just moved out to different places. It fucking sucked. I got demoted. But the when you lose a sock and an in unit washer/dryer, yeah the fuck does that happen? Because if your public you can drop it on the way, but if you're on the way from your room to the dryer, how does it I never understood how that happens. I lost at least three socks. I'm like, how does there's no spits? So small in here. We're gonna go there was someone I use I have a an apartment like washer and dryer and saw a sock in there today. Well, the mine was like, oh You do it it is put it on the table down there. What are you telling you just took it and you have like a little collection? Yeah, there's two with the baby shoe. Yeah. There's two don't have a full outfits. I've made a friend like Dragon Ball Z, but for baby clothes, that's what centers bed that you're gone bunch of baby clothes in his bed and then not talk to him every good. If you ever see when they sell like a baby shirt and it on a hanger that has a baby those things are so freaky, but van is better. We take all of his clothes and we replaced good baby clothes. What we're doing this week we have until Wednesday that's good that is and then like the sock drawer is all babies don't like cold inside is so much more room. We said his goal will probably like Isis is just my life now. Oh my god, I've grown I'm so big now. Oh, that's good. Oh, man. You're so stupid. This is why people don't listen to this. How many what do you guys have? Do you guys have a nice little fan base? No. No, actually, you know, we have a good fan base. We get some consistent tweet. We have nice fans. Yeah fans as in like just friends of yours from high school or like no we've actually had some like new fans that we've met through doing this. It's nice. It's really cool. I love that one guy from Australia. Yeah. It's been really cool. Costa very saying all right, and it's coaster because that's the coast of he's listening. Yeah. He's the man. It's Kosta Kosta. I don't remember he taught us and we forgot. Yeah, we're bad habit were bad. I know. What's other sock thing. Yeah. I mean you lose them and I was think I was going to think of the missing sock thing. That was a big blow that lock button issue. I think the trick to losing socks as you got to lose an even number. Yep, that's good. Then you just mix and match. I have a ton of pairs just like that one's reading that one's tan and Just gonna this is this is probably because it is because I'm lazy, but anytime I do laundry and I put my socks back. I don't like pair them up. I just go I'll figure that out. I need a wow in his room in their home. And I'm just like and then every morning I'm like God fucking damn it. I gotta do it. I hate that every time I do laundry. I just throw them in I hate that. Do you do that? Yeah. I hate that. I do that lets. Yeah, I don't like pie because you're getting 30 minutes sleep every night the exactly I don't time for the my gonna do socks. Yeah. Time for socks. I gotta go to yoga yoga. I don't get much sleep and I could because of all the yoga doing. Have you ever done yet? Like legit yoga, like how I would I do hot yoga and it's pretty great. Yeah. I've done it. I've heard four or five times. It's pretty great. Everyone's wrong. You'll get one that sucks. He has every class will be a different. You know, you're like do you like a cheap classes going? It's a different thing dude, it's good. You sweat so much. I feels like you just are just like bringing out. They all the evil. I will say I know that's what it felt like but it's I did see like dude. I did see I went to a yoga class and I saw like, you know, Victoria Justice is yeah, bro. She was in my class from glorious. Well, we're gonna take that again. So I saw that he isn't on her producer and just anything like that was that was where it was. It was weird because also I was when I was with the girls I was dating The time it's always had to not look at Victoria Justice who I've always liked had a crush on and so that's crazy hot yoga class. And where is he? Sherman Oaks? Well, okay. That's it. That's it was just I had to just pretend like and I didn't tell my girlfriend of time that I saw her because then I'd be like all were you just looking at a whole time? Yeah. He like only one up she saw as she pointed out if you like is that she looks nice. I'm sure the good shit a good pose or whatever. Nice. Hell yeah, that was that was my one hot yoga story, but it's pretty else that made me want to do it more I want to do it. There's that one on Hillhurst we talked about today about yoga. I want to do gonna go straight. I want them to put one of them little fuckers on me as a good idea. Who was the first one I think of that. Yeah cool greenlit that you're raising your hand like you thought I know I'd love to try it, but I thought of it. They jump on you. I think that's why you do goats. It's like they like go on top of like plaquemines. Yeah, so I think when you form like a bridge with your body, they jump on your back. That's why they do you go yoga. I'm not kidding. I think that's why I wonder what the goats get out of it. Yeah. Why do they got his posture networking? He's very naughty. Take that go home. I don't get why people I don't because then it's like what do we do? Like I don't I'd rather like actually try to do like a workout thing. Yeah, just get I get the appeal. I guess if you're with a girl you can do it. Yeah. Go on a run you weirdos don't you run the runner? I used to be I can't - yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was running from demon. I was just I feel like it's like you're kidding but I don't think you are. I know you actually runs. It was like I gotta get I gotta get this out. I remember that and then I do tire myself out so So much fuck no energy for depression. Hey you as a weirdo at one point. All you a were eggs and spinach that still looks like a year where that was as good. Only thing. Uh, yeah good, bro. Thank you too, bro. But thanks we know each other for years. I was doing here. Oh my God. Yeah, so I do the old running you and then is to run like a maniac. Yeah. We see each other almost every night and you'd fucking now you're big time Big Time In Me Not really, but thank big time now. I appreciate it. I guess it's weird to what it's weird to be you and then have another person say something and like you really know what's going on here, but then people say things and it's nice to hear. It's like oh, that's cool. How you see me? Yeah. It's weird to be yourself. It's just so much fucking anxiety and like all this other shit, but I don't know I get it's weird Joe gets it. Yeah, you are a PA for Undateable. So look, I know that's right. And now look at me. I'm a peon other stuff just pulled her bullshit. Damn it. Nothing cool. I moved to LA six years ago and every show I've worked on got canceled really this feels like a youth until Roseanne and then she tweeted something and then they canceled it to not going to cancel Rosie. It's doing gangbusters and time again, every pilot has not gotten picked up. That's great. Literally every sin to work a little Dicky. Oh, yeah, but that got picked up a full year later. It doesn't I thought it was down the water now. I'm actually excited to see that show. Yeah, is it good was fun? They're doing it like curb. So it's all like improvised and love that is it was Jeff Schaeffer's show. He co-created curb that's gives the other guy because I heard little Dickie. I'm not like a huge. I think he's really funny. I'm just getting up on him now, but I remember hearing him say it's like curb but for rappers. Yeah, and I was like, I'm in a zoo Santino is in it and he's so funny. Is he the funniest show you have was kind of watching my G is a lead on it. No, he's at least in the episode we did. And then Taco Bennett who was part of odd for yeah, he's a regular easily lead on it. Fuck that's going to be awesome. I remember thinking like he's fine not like my humor, but whatever and then I had to get him one morning. I had to go pick him up from his house in Venice and taco. No Dickie. Oh, that's like Nicky want to get up at like 8:00 and go to Venice from Burbank to pick him up and take him to somewhere like Santa Monica's like he could take an Uber and it would be way less money and way more convenient. Why do they have you doing that? And I had to go because I was PA. But I had to go get him. I was like that I was a super who was running late. Yeah, fuck this. It's kind of cool though that you're like picking up a rap music the lead the rapper. That's kind of cool it off with him. Nobody's I'd be fucking he came in the car and he's like the nicest dude. He's like what you want to do. You got to keep working. Like I had to grind like he was like super super nice is actually completely flipped. I like you. I like your show to do really well though. You're nice. I like that. It's really the other night. Well with Santino and I sort of I saw him a distance like fuck. I really want to say so Why he's talking to a girl? I don't wanna be like who like I'm sure he is so many dumb he's coming up to all the so cool another guy that you know such as we see the girl I'd like to but he's fucked bro. He's a he was dressed. So like what you'd expect it was so funny. He was like sweatshirts sweatpants ugh slippers backpack. Look at millionaire rapper and he's like, it's so far. I think that's totally like legit that he just does that shit? That's the you get to sponsor a certain level. You gotta just dress like you don't no one fucking cares. There's no question that they're just like we're whatever you want like Adam Sandler. I can't believe that the Angela allowed on television and wild when I get if I ever get big, I'm just going to wear it just some capes just capes. Hey, hey sand like and those bullshit ankle socks were talking about with the ballet shit. Only those socks and end up, you know and basketball goggles. The ones that are clear wrap around like what your nose is broken. Yeah. Now I'm going to do that. I was only going to the goggles. Pete naked penis out. That'll be my outfit when I guess good people like I don't want to bug me stuff. No girl. I got it. Exactly right and they'll be intimidated to guess what the fuck's the matter. He's you know, he's rehabbing from something or what. Yeah, let's see. Who is he? That's exactly yeah. This is actually a good transition. I think about this all the time when I was in high school, I played hockey we did like a training camp thing. I was like fucking flipper heavy Tire kind of workout facilities which by the way, that's so hard. It is so hard to actually what I'm like, yeah. Then we like hit it with like sledgehammers. They're just like he was in a Chevy commercial because it was very strange. I didn't like going but one of the Traders during a good bit. I got my fucking bitch. I love my favorite takes a sip that moves in the lab with the water that way that's respectful. Now, I want to kill that people know what's funny. Shout out to Kosta Kosta Kosta Kosta. He knows now. Yeah, but this trainer said something to me that stuck with me where he said he wanted to be be the amount of Rich. She wanted to be some day was to never wear the same pair of socks twice and like wanted to just be rich enough to always wear a fresh pair of socks. Wow. So these are throws the old ones away. Yeah. We're I'm once it was a more gives baby Nike first where yeah, here you go, sir on these there's your shipment portable. Hey, I have a favor sighs. Okay, like if I want the ultimate Comfort aware this person has had some success for her cervix. What opposite pair of socks? Yeah. Wow, they're Misha that you know Mishka a clothing brand. They're tall. They're blue and they've got these eyeballs on it that said keep watch. They're really cool. Do you wear those for something important? Like you're like, oh, I have a big improv show tonight. Like I'm gonna wear my coat on you first off. It doesn't exhaust there is no big improv show. They are very warm so I can only wear modes like cold and they're like the tall gym socks. I feel like the bottom half of my leg is just cook. Going unless it's nice and cool. And then I'm like, this would be a perfect day for my favorite socks. Do you ever get superstitious with like clothes? Like? Oh, I can't wear something bad happened in these underwear. I can't work, you know something bad's going to happen again or sample size. Like I'm killing it with the eyeball socks big day. I'm gonna go to the eyeball songs, please. Do you ever get like that? I have outfits. I think I look better in than others. Well, yeah, you're just here are your a person but yeah, I have that was me. I didn't mean to sound that's okay laughing now. Laughter someone out there will laugh guys tweet us if you left please I need it. I got like that though. Yes, I got it all with outfits. Like what I thought bombed in that flannel don't wanna wear that know, I can't keep that on until I do you magnet is stays on. No. I have a compression shorts that I wear that are green and I sometimes will wear them and I'll be like green. Good luck. Oh really? And I said orange shorts. Yeah, I don't set of underwear. Yeah, they are boxers, but they're like a compression short type of thing. Not too crazy. They're not like baseball compression shorts was the wrong lever. That's like some baseball shit. Yeah. What are you ads on under the NBA? Yeah, that's not want people to see my compression pans out. I want both my eye mask is one of those armband things you wear. Our area stand-ups needed though. I was always wanted to be if I was ever in the NBA and I was like a benchwarmer. I was want to just where all the shit. Yeah, you never going to yourself sleeves on both sleeves and just never take off the snappy pants. Yeah, only the 3rd string QB. That's got the eye black. But like yeah, you're throwing it into the thing is your desire to guys talk during Seattle's you're practicing. holding the fucking snap actually practices Yeah, so what else about socks we're about do you want I'll get weird of clothes like I this now is socks because I do all the same socks. It'll be like a pair of underwear. Like I just read pair of like boxer shorts or boxer briefs that I had in and bad shit kept happening and I threw them away in EM. I was like one or two like memorable. Like I think I have like one really bad day. And then like, I'd another really bad day or something bad or got into a fight with a girl I was dating or something. Alright a really shitty. See ya. And I was like, I'm more of the red underwear and I was like, I'm not gonna fucking die through I think I threw these go and whatever but I saw was a light them on fire the whole Seance you cover the baby shoot don't look. That's funny. Yeah, but I still have that now I see there's a pair of like a highlighter pair that I don't really wear because I miss is not and I'm like, okay, like I know it's bullshit. But it but maybe it helps me placebo effect is real. Yeah. So what helps like what if I'm like a fucking at the boxers on what if I have a bad so then I mean already in my head. How did you what connected you to the boxers? What made your brain go? This is what's doing because they're like diff there like unique and different like you're not just all these are blue. I have a bunch of blue pairs are gray pairs, but these are read it. Actually like oh I have the red ones on like yeah, I think the socks or is the same and I get like that though. He was shoes. Sometimes I'll be like I'm doing well. I'm doing a good sets in the boots. I'm just gonna keep wearing the boots for a whiles like that, but you don't though. It sucks because then I'll be like, I don't really want to wear these I have to wear a tie vote important. Well put him on ya know ya to me alone are the only ones you brought. Yeah. This is just me talking to myself. The red ones are like us today, please. I don't know what I want right now. Wow. Yeah, I figure out what I got on now, but are they interrupt me or they just normal like Bland you guys it because it's have a couple weird color ones. Right? I'll I think we're color ones are great. Yeah, I just get more of them. I remember I get the me undies or whatever you guys sponsored by them. I wish they'd imagined know what you guys are making so much money off this. Casting you're so modest about up here fucking rich and be awesome. Like you you still have ones that like look like a like microphones off like a vagina. This comes up a lot of fun to do that. Now there was an episode where we can put your nose in it. Actually, I think Justin turned these so they weren't the way they used to be. Did you turn these I turned that one today to what to the cameras can't see it but you always used to be like front-facing. Oh that's ridiculous. So that was like sucking on this is it's gross but we can't end the show. Yeah, we can just destroy it. Now. I feel like I'm alone here. I'm a guy who this is. I've tried to change this about myself and I just can't this is who I am love it. I buy a pair of shoes and I wear those shoes until they are ruined. Yeah, and then I get a new pair of shoes and those become my shoe until they are one pair this. Yeah. I'll have a couple like I boots if it's like raining or like questions that are like nice. Yeah. I sir. Yeah, but like, okay every day I wear this. Same pair until someone tells me you didn't issues and then I get new what makes you what makes them be done because shoes can go forever. Some shoes can just go forever. It's pretty much either when like a heel gives out or like a you know, like something like sometimes I'll get the thing where like where the the flat part meets the side what kind of split in your book kind of goes in there. You can feel the ground but that totally or I find a new pair that I really like. I'm like, I'm gonna wear those instead every day these the old ones are gone. My new bitch, you know cut that up. That's my new shoe right here. I don't know if I do. I like to I go through phases which says I'll be like a month. I like rock the same shoes because you mentioned earlier like a shoe. You'll If a shoe you do bad and you know, I know which I really try to get around that because it's fucking ridiculous. But I mean, I'm yeah, I'll do like I'll go through phases. I'll go to visit was clothed in general. I'll just be like or a dress like this for a month and the next month will wear some completely different style. I cannot figure I don't think I know who I am as a person yet to be I'm still trying to figure it out like and I think that's do a style to like I'm just like I don't know who am I yet? I don't even know. Yeah, and I already know that you're lying about the Superstition thing because you never do bad son stages doing stand-up. I wish you could have seen Justin struggle through that side of you had it it was there that was like watching one of the people like with like new hips walk on that thing with the bars and I for the first tank Breaking Bad. Bad memory she's like about Jackie up in here. You gonna go home? Yeah. There's something member spoiler alert. He gets it. He's like go meet. That was the fun of breaking down here and he's got a great Hank. Great Hank. That's what I call my wang. He's got a great. Hang my great-great. Hey chairman. I gotta get boxers. That's a great. Hey. Well, you know you got to do with great Hank give them a good wink. Oh my god. Oh, yeah, great. You crank right get that rating Factory song Ready. I think we're ready to go there. Well, we got a surprise for you. Oh shit. We are taking you to V rating Factory. Yeah. Well, welcome to the rating Factory. This is where we give our final thoughts on socks. And then at the same time, we will say our number between one and ten at the same time on the count of three Joe go. Okay. I like socks wear them every day. I can be a little particular with them, but we didn't get to this. I don't like wearing sandals. Cause I don't like I mean, I'm finally being Barefoot. I don't like wearing sandals around if I'm not on the beach or at home. I don't want to be barefoot. I'm always Rockin socks. They're very important. I like a sock. Yeah, I agree with all that stuff and I didn't made me think of my dad doesn't like when people touch his feet. So sometimes when I'm home for Christmas all I know who'll be watching TV is feet about try and grab his toes and so freaked out. I like fling his drink and I was like, give me those like he's a little kid. I try and set one of those baby shoes on his back. Fling it up at the ceiling. But yeah, I think socks are good. I don't care for sandals either. Well Valentine's feel good about socks. I like my one specific one that I wear but also from at home. I will never wear socks at home because I like my little feetsies to be free and feel good on my carpet free feetsies carpet. Yeah, bro that changes things. But yeah, we got carpi a hardwood floor those toxins. It's summer but yeah carpet always Barefoot. Amen. Boom. Wow. Alright, so sorry cut that out. Think of Another between. Okay one in ten. Yeah pick a number between one and ten. We're going to say it on three and then we average it and that's going to be the official rate of Sky a square these squares go what happens into a spreadsheet that one of our fans shout out Lindsay legs. Yeah, she gives spreadsheet and she does all that and that is what what who is Lindsey she's a fan from Texas on yeah. Hey Lindsay. Yeah. She's a kook. She makes pastries. Yeah. It really good guy. We haven't eaten any of the food but it looks really cool that looks it's or Instagram page. It looks cool. It looks cool. That looks cool guy. Welcome like that looks cool. Dude near a web series version. That didn't make it. Hey, that's cool. That's pretty cool. You should try it. We don't have time. Anyway, this is guys cool food. That's cool. That's cool. That's only for Tick-Tock 59. Thought I'd watch it. I you guys got a number. I got a number then again. I'm gonna have to wait. What if I was like guys any more time? Yeah. We come back next week on the count of three. One of Jim a number. Fuck. Yeah, whatever. Yeah. Okay, why do 3/10 10-10-10 that's almost things only one thing wrong with it. Sometimes gets stinky. He's like socks sex is better than fucking business. Oh, yeah, this is good. Fuck man. We would you say and I said seven seven eight ten. That is 25 + 7 25 divided by three eight point three three three the three baby. What are some of the sock? What would what are the highest rated things? I can I know the highest because I'm not a fan yet of the podcast. Can I know the highest of the highest greatest hits in the lowest they will you be yeah. Cookies or oh, yeah, it goes Enos Birds was earlier. It's I think words are love affair lowered Sunday. That's fair who's really into Birds? Probably weirdos like the old ladies in Central Park that feed pigeon. That's true with big coats on Pizza. Got a tan. Cioffi got a tank interesting Jack Black got a 10. These are so funny like whiskey so many airplanes got a 9-5 appetites. Got a perfect 11. Aristotle's episode. Yeah, like they did that 11. Whoa. Whoa, how did airplanes get a 9.5 their broadcasts Got7 when they're not I was gonna say are but traveling somewhere Mason Ramsey. We gave an 11. Thank God. Whoo! Mason Ramsay. He's a child country. He's the yodel kid from Walmart. Yeah, we gave Poncho's a three big dog clothing and hospitals post got four and a third what's bit what big dog clothing? What's that? That's the like it's got a big dog on it. Oh, oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, well, thank you for doing this before we go and yet listen to the podcast that I produce in kind of congestion. What's it going to host the Lions Den? Yeah, it's with Brent Morin and Jason Collings. We've awesome guests and you can hear my voice and see my face sometimes on it. Yeah and the video on his great very funny. Yes, it is. Great. It sounds completely almost it's all good. It's all on me. And I'm it's goddamn nerve wracking. I bet ya dude. If you're around come see me to show or something good. Yeah bullshit. Joe anything to close out on I just want to plug great Hank great by like thank you for listening to this episode of everything. We reviewed. Our logo is by Matthew Dwyer and if you liked listening to this, could you tell somebody about it, please please?