What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from yourPhone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super easy and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. And and guess what guys you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, none money. So let me get this formula straight. You don't have to pay for anchor, but if you use it, they pay you. I mean, what is everything you need to make a podcast in one place? So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor that's ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. You won't regret it. What's up guys and welcome to the second episode of fresh sports are podcast with your host Chandler Crump and and we are fresh off of a Alabama Vanderbilt basketball game that quite frankly. I don't know what to make of just yet. Needless to say we lost 87 279 in a game that it shouldn't even be shouldn't even be no surprise that it's winnable. You know, I get on Twitter before the game and all I see is we don't need John Petty. This Vanderbilt team is one of the worst shooting teams in the SEC. They've won one game this year in the SEC their warning 14 well now to and 14 and the SEC. So coming in Alabama. We know that we have to win out the regular season and we know that we have to make a run in the SEC tournament of the last two games of Vanderbilt in Missouri. If you told me that we were going to lose one of those games. I would have bet my entire life that would have been Zuri not Vanderbilt when we played at Vanderbilt, we had close to 20-something turnovers and won the game by almost 20 points. And then I come to Coleman Coliseum. We are traditionally a good basketball team. And they dominate us from shooting dominate Saban Lee from Vanderbilt played 36 minutes and scored 38 points. He shot 6 of 7 from behind the three-point line 6 of 7 He had eight rebounds and five assists. How do we not stop a guy like savingly who's shooting that one? How can we not put a man on him at least? Now savingly had a great game, but Carl Lewis, we can't look over Carlos played 39 minutes and score 30 points each and every game. We asked all we can of Carl Lewis and guess what he performs every single time. He puts up 30 points to a low shot to from six from the home three-point line, but his eight from eight four free throws for rebounds 8 assists. Carl Lewis gives it his all every single game and guess what? That's why he's going to be a top 30 pick in the NBA draft this year. Now my last episode I harped on the fact that our big guys are terrible and guess what didn't change the fact that our big guys are terrible. Now last Saturday is past Saturday in South Carolina. JB Davis had one of the best performances of big guy besides Dante Hall that I have seen in a minute. He had 20 points. I want to say had like over ten boards to not three points 20 minutes. That's awful Jaylon Smith. Wait for it. Don't need a drum roll because you don't deserve that zero points in eight minutes. That is awful. Oh and if we want to add one more big guy about Alex Reese 18 minutes on the court 18 minutes on the court and he scores three points one four nine one four nine shooting behind the three-point line traditionally Alex Ruiz has been a pretty good three-point shooter and he shooting one four nine. Folks that is awful. That's about 11 percent shooting from behind the three that is awful. Gotta have more productivity now guys, like Jaden or James Shackelford coming of 18 points 33 minutes. He did what he could do Beetle Bolton senior night Place 39 minutes and scored 24 points. He left it on the court tonight. I guess it just means something a little bit more for our guards that does our big guys because they're not performing and it's not going to get any better. And here's the thing if they don't get better they not he's gonna look a lot like it did last year losing the first round. It's disappointing. So our only chance to make the NCAA NCAA tournament now is to win the SEC tournament outright and with this Alabama team, we're showing consistency could happen. It could not happen. I don't know and when we beat an Auburn team at home who at the times of the number 4 and then lose to the worst team the SEC at home doesn't make sense to me, but nevertheless we got episode going and we actually have two guest on the podcast this evening. We have Chris Alexander made of you may know close buddy of mine who was in the Army who raw? I don't think that's what they say. Is that what they say. It's not what they say. And we also have Bailey anderton also a close friend which school together managers together. Awesome do appreciate it. Hey, we all had to endure. What was the torture of album basketball tonight? Unfortunately, but we've got more topics on the agenda. Then the depressing news of Alabama basketball lot to get to lot of good discussions and excited roll into it. I think I've harped enough kind of on the Alabama the the disarray that is Alabama basketball and that the pure disappointment. That is Alabama basketball makes it a lot easier to get over when you give up a half time well, and that was the thing Chris said just give up a half time and quite frankly. I didn't I didn't I didn't want to give up. Hope I don't want to ever give up hope when it comes to Alabama Alabama basketball, but we are And that's just it. I still think we can make a run to ACC tournament and it's not a chance. We did have a chance before that game started know we did have a change at least we did not we have always said we had a point zero zero one percent before that started because we weren't even on we weren't on the first bubble out the second bubble out. We weren't even going to be the first thing the NIT before this game started and then we lost but the but here's the thing that if we win the last two games and I know this is so this is how you know hindsight's 20/20 I get that but if we win these last two regular season games and we win for Sure, two games in the SEC tournament, which is doable. No. Yes, it is because we've been a seven seed with a plate Arkansas first who I think we really could have beat and there was secondly this is all assuming we get jumpy back to you if we could we believe that if we don't get him back, there's not a chance in any of the SEC he would be back. He'll be back next week. He was shooting. He could have called me in tonight, but you have to strain his arm probably should have come in tonight. But what we I think we could have made a run and made it in. But you know moving forward everything. I just said I still believe in a totes. Yes. Because the the style of basketball we play is not like watching grass grow anymore quite frankly. It is not what I would like to see a little bit. I know we have that tall guy coming in from Canada. Yeah, I would like to see a little more like sizable guys download that can actually play and not just take up are down there. Yeah. What hey, guess what? There's there is a silver lining for us losing tonight. We now get to watch an undefeated number 25, Alabama baseball team. We do that are undefeated today after really I was going to say big win, but we fell down close to South Alabama to nothing in the first inning. Shout out to us starting our like our backup catcher in center field which made no sense to me today, but He's listed as a utility player proof that perhaps maybe not but 13 and oh when the last few unranked are undefeated teams left in college. Impressive finally rank. That's that's what you want to say. Well it's easy to do when you're hit three home runs. That's what you want to say. And if I'm gonna like Bailey like I would probably go into their games every single time. They play Bailey. Do you go to their games? No, I don't Bela. You gotta go to the pack to Joe. You gotta go to the games. You gotta pack. What's the right field where they robbed of razors? Is that what it is? Did you gotta pack that out? And we're gonna dominate beer Bates baseball. I mean, yeah, you should it's gonna be it's gonna be a lot better than watching them basketball anywhere from moving past that we've passed that movie. So we are guaranteed I guess for the Nazi now, that's so depressing to say, you know each year to a first round out, you know talking about that we talked about this earlier would we rather see Alabama make a run in the NIT or Make the NCAA tournament but lose the first round. I'd rather see make a run of the United T. See I disagree because whether you're winning or losing no one who was the first losers in the tournament last year you have no idea but if you fall college basketball closely you which I honestly don't you're going to build know who won the NIT last year winning brains like prominence your nail like so like recruiting stuff straight. Like if you're winning, they're naughty you're going to get people are okay. Well, they're winning whatever not like all their first time out of the tournament but as a coach right if I'm a seen a recruit Also recruit and I say hey, you know come to Alabama. We we well, we won the in I-90 Championship. We won the NIT not we got we got our brains bashed in by dude because they actually have some big but if you say you made the tournament at least you say that we were good enough to make the tournament. We may just not got the seating we want it to or a good recruiting pitch would be hey we made the tournament. But if we had your size of shooting ability, we probably could have made a run of the term. You've been like Wow, that's a good point. Like we you know, I might want to come to Alabama check that now granted. We don't have that luxury to say that because the only time we make the tournament we have for a guy like Collin Sexton who is phenomenal or a boss ahan. Who's not a problem at all. Yeah. Do you remember what that's been probably like three four years ago more than that probably. Levi Randolph was another guy really good too. He's actually dominant g-league right now. But um, so moving past that one of the topics I kind of want to talk about kind of staying in and actually I just got notification notification that Kentucky was just upset by Tennessee, which is a good segue to asking the question and a lot of the people listening will probably like this question does Albarn become the next standard and as he sea bass, Basketball more I guess more specifically do they take the throne that Kentucky has been on no Kentucky and Duke have built themselves as such a name where it's almost like I want to football like Nick Saban doesn't actually have to go out and recruit. Any more people just it's Alabama. It's Kentucky you go. Yes. Yeah you go there. I see what you're saying that but you also get a thing like this to that if Bruce Pearl was there getting recruits like they could very well get the number one. He's taking a cruise. I won't. This is recruit see, we're top 5 in recruiting but no but this year I mean last year we were but it's almost like we're at but you also have a coach like NATO's that we're waiting to get through those recruits if Bruce Pearl is getting those recruits right now. Like but he I mean if you chose Calipari, but but okay, but think about like this Auburn made the final four last year Kentucky didn't we have a basketball court. We just lost a Vanderbilt who was 114 in the SEC like basketball brilliantly stuff happens Kentucky did lose to Vanderbilt. Well because they're actually good teams have big men that hurt. I'm when it when it comes to old school. It's trying to be like friends. I'm not gonna get a quality but like a shack down low a guy who's gonna get you 18 rebounds a game and throw up to him. Like was Auburn's be made down low Austin widely, Austin Wiley, it's hard to beat when you have that guy down there. He just it's next level. Well, I had opened up the three-point line which were live and die by because guys have to draw down there too. Because right now we cannot get offensive or defensive rebounds, which means they know they can throw their they want to down there. They're going to rebound this. Well, yes, but I would say if Bruce Bruce Pearl keeps getting this recruit soon. I think it's something to watch because I've heard rumors that Calipari may it may have Kentucky doesn't compete he's going to jump ship if they fall protection trainees going to jump saying Bruce pearls get these recruits like Calipari is not like yeah, but also gives him recruits on top of already built. Mr. But I would say I would never say getting there. I would even say that that Bruce Pearl on the court coaching is better than John Calipari on the court coaching. John John Calipari always gets in the recruits. He's got that Kentucky recruitments. Just like you said that's also key brand is itself like people want to come just for that but coaching wise, I think Bruce Pearl even though he seems to be having a stroke every time he's on the court is a better couple of Shooters. I know dude. I feel like he like I feel like he's going to drop over at any point like that that main are who's the coach not to be outdone by things at Texas A&M coach. Ouch that like had to change shirts at halftime. Yeah soap through that was discussed underrated South Carolina's coach also has media stroke. It seems like each game. But anyways, I think that's something to look forward to moving forward that Auburn could Could possibly make a run at Kentucky which it came down to Kentucky and Auburn this year again when the radar season and you will know Kentucky. Okay, but what I'm saying is moving forward with recruiting. I think they have a chance and while we're going to operate in Kentucky are all one option of going to and while we're on that topic Alabama also has that chance but we're not gonna talk about that right now. We're far away from that. We're not at all Grimm's level. So we're definitely not a Kentucky's level. I'm going to act like I didn't hear that. So moving forward. Kind of good segue here an article came out this past week on elle.com regarding the Crimson standard. So for those of you who do who don't know with Crimson standard is it is something implemented by Greg burn too. I guess I had renovation do renovations to Bryant-Denny Stadium and Coleman Coliseum. Malta Malta multimillion-dollar Renovations, and they've been doing ongoing Renovations at Bryant Denny Stadium updating the jumbotrons the various booths, you know, just kind of updating with the times and I love that right? I mean bryan-denny stadium is the epitome of what is the best football team in the history? Of college football and I think it's important to update and we all know that Alabama football generates that Revenue each and every year. I mean no matter what even if we go seven and six, I'll be dead coach Evans first year. We're going to generate money because Alabama football moves the needle they probably are the needle when it comes to album or college football. So I agree with these renovations right in 2018 football made a hundred eight million dollars. I says pretty good and I'd say if they want to renovation it's worth renovating but something I don't understand that the article doesn't isn't even clear on is updating of When Coliseum in Coleman Coliseum, guess what? It's in there. Guess what's in what is played in Coleman Coliseum? Gymnastics men's basketball and girls basketball. Well, guess what if you take out men's basketball and women's basketball, you still got gymnastics and there are more people gymnastics meets their art basketball make yeah because they win and you bring up the Alabama like the spending all the money on football team you spend money on what makes you money if Alabama if basketballs not bring in the revenue that I understand the whole thing of like if that's a better. Our Arena and better seating and they're closer than we're gonna get more recruits and then over time due to that we're going to be better. But as far as right now, I feel like you're Pro if you're not bringing in the money, it's hard to spend the money. Well, and I don't like to spend money to make money. But Elena basketball traditionally is not with 2004 was the last like felt like prominent year. Like you can't you can't back up on we were at least good during these times. We having a good little while. Yeah, since I since I have been Able to think for myself Ellen basketball has been terrible. Well, no, I was like, hey, we need 35 new TVs to go to the concession stands. All right, cool. I'll guarantee Kentucky's gonna write a blank check. No, I'm gonna football needs 40 extra seats because they think they can squeeze those in somewhere. They're going to write a blank check. However, however basketball. What do you what have you done for me lately? That's whatever but that's what sport worlds when I don't think it's don't think it's just what has album basketball done. As much because the conversation is renovations, right? What is what is Renovations and of itself? It's updating its it's the fault of something new something good that's going to have talked about. It's like if you go about you if you were to pass my call Mike Coleman like there's John and by walking by it's a nice it looks nice. So for the person like everything boils down to money. So like you go to the athletic director and all the other board members there Mike. Hey, This place is crap. We need this and looking back maybe don't listen I so it's almost brand new. Yeah from the outside. But the inside you got like look at if you look at pictures, it's literally we're talking about seating. That's all we're talking. Yeah. No, it is seating well put together some moisture on the court for any sport listed their average attendance could all fit in there at the same time. Well in the site when you and I went to the Texas A&M game like it was a good crowd, but still there's like it feels like there's no other because you get those people who are up in like the nose. You do down there as opposed to just all compact around the actual players right? Well and that's something I've and it's not as much the fact that like I'm not mad that footballs doing it right now and basketballs, not it what it seems like is the urgency isn't there like when they don't got hired Greg burn told him in a quote NATO said that Greg burn emphasized to me that the urgency was there to get Coleman updated because it needs to be updated and as a coach as a new coach knowing the system. I have worked the recruits are going to be coming in the emphasis of having a good place to play is huge because look at Auburn Auburn has the quote jungle. Now, the student section was right on the that's weird when it comes to Innovations like the everything. We're taught about the CD and the structure of the city, right? But that needs to change it is to change but it needs to change sooner rather than later and also know obviously, I don't know anything like financially how this would go right the ins and outs of sponsorships, but you can almost look at maybe we talked about how many seats out Or out the seats go like they go. If you were to take out some of those seats, you could hang sponsorship banners different companies and even like local ones would bring like that's an empty seat. In fact, if a company was to pay you if be feels was to pay you for a banner in there. You can hang that with a current seats or which money could go in towards the restructuring of it. So you can almost see if they cannot pay for itself. You know, what what what really bothers me is you gotta games and don't don't quite see me as an old person hater because I'm not but you You see all these older people down on the court had their seats. We make a big shot and they don't even move maybe because they're so old that can't move them and they just give a little clap when you should have people down there who are excited who are enthused for us to play the game of basketball to get better. Those people should be the ones having those suits. Are you going to are you going to penalize those older people because they have the money to protect the seed is a revenue know it is you know what I think That was good. Whatever that was but you should have an emphasis for people to be closer because I told me goes up. It seems like a thousand jobs were the person paid that money because he wants to be that close. I agree but I'm saying restructure meant put the student section download the kids are going to be enthused and stuff. You put those near towards the camera and then have those as you said older people are maybe like older alumni as have them more Middle based behind the announcers here. Here's what I think. I mean like, I agree. I think that like, you know, like it's not an end. Be a game. So it's like, you know courtside seats like yeah, it's Revenue but a lot of times like those are tickets that I feel like I just passed around like they are because like, you know, we got to go down and watch a game, of course on like it was great. But I was just thinking the whole time I was like, you know, the students really should be put first when it comes to Atmosphere, right? I think having the students as close, you know surrounded even if it's just like, you know half of the core if you down a long ways, you know percent goes to students at fit. 80% can go to whoever but I think the closer you bring that atmosphere to the court, you know, and you know, brighten it up a little bit like you say like updates are needed but you can find revenue streams from different places. You don't have to have it just in right, you know, of course, I'm teaching a course on tickets. Well, and I think that's a direct impact for you know, like people coming close as a direct impact on the game, you know, going back to the people sitting closer. They're not the one screaming in a big shot in free throws, you know, our student section is our student section goes up goes further away from terrible design further away. Why would you get that here? It's Lou the same like those guys are crazy and they're gonna they're sitting on top like that is a direct literally a direct impact of the game and I feel like that in seriously. I feel like that could really result in US winning. Maybe not a lot more game. They did I say two games. Yeah, but hey those two games you could be the difference in like tonight Vanderbilt and getting in and getting out. It takes weren't two games to get a tournament will also talk about atmosphere. Like I want to play if I'm a if I'm a prospective Collegiate athlete atmosphere like where I'm playing at. That's what you want. Huge fact. Yeah, absolutely and I don't want to if it's going to be people who are going to sensors can golf clap every time. I shoot a clutch 3 going into overtime or something. I'm not gonna want to play too. Now I and I agree and I think You know, I think that's something moving forward that we have to I think and I think we all can all agree the emphasis. We've got to get the student section closer to the court. You know, I mean Bailey's is student. He knows that like student want to be an impact like those things are exciting people. Look forward to going to a game like that, you know as a student that is your University, you know have some part in it. Bring them closer. It's not that hard. I mean you can't even do that right now that even doing any Renovations take that whole section out the middle put them right there. You know, but but that has to be an emphasis and right now it's not and it's disappointing and without that, you know, there's things that's got to change then L basketball and that's one of them. So moving forward. We're going to get away from Elba and basketball and really Alabama Athletics as of right now something we're going to move into real quick. I think is a good good piece of discussion. I guess it's been a week ago, maybe two now Tony Romo. Agreed to a 17 million dollar contract with CBS 17 million dollars a year absolutely ridiculous. Now before we give our takes on that. Players did not react to this will obj did not react to this. Well, Michael Thomas did not react to this. Well after that happened obj tweeted quote. I'm done playing football. I just want to be in an announcer now and then Michael Thomas tweeted quote. Thank you. That's why we shouldn't sign the CBA which is the agreement the players in our in group, right the new CBA government. No way then answer should be making more than 90% of the players. Okay. So let's put this in perspective, right? So JJ Watt Makes 15.5 million dollars a year obj makes 14.2 are Rogers roughly seven point two and Patrick Mahomes 2.7. I granted patronage. All right, he's gonna get paid more but that's just that's just a kind of a reference right should a commentator be paid more than most of the players that he's coming to I feel like this should almost not even be a big this should be an overwhelming like know now the obj Twitter like obj like in China get the news headline. Like the sky is blue light Michael Thomas is legitimate like because he's a pro like a dominant figure in this board, but obj what can I do to be an immediate? Anyway? No, they should you're not going to want you don't wash the sport for the announcers. They can enhance the experience but like I'm not a big fan of diverting Gary watching out or do an Alabama football, but I've never not watched a game because they were doing it right. They're not going to ruin a game. They can Hansel bit but not enough to where they're making more than people who actually perform. Me or the coaches. He's probably making more than any coach this year. I don't know the coaching salary now. They're not getting he's probably making three times of Bill checks making it look let me say like this all of us guy almost guys in here football guys, right? We we like watching football. Okay. Imagine coming home on Sunday you put on CBS The Green Bay Packers in the Miami Dolphins playing mom. He's obviously gonna win that game obviously, but there's no commentators. There's playing the game. They're just playing football. Do you think most of the audience watching that game is going to be even remotely interested if nobody's talking they're just watching them play football. Honestly, do you think never know but this money stock this is this is comparable to like a so like is football. Like if the band was to not show up a football game like, okay. Yes. Is that like I said, it hands has the experience but like at the end of the day, you're not there to watch the halftime show. No disrespect to the band guys out there because but you're there to watch the football game. You're not there to watch the band show. You're not there to watch the cheerleaders down there which we greatly appreciate but I mean you're there to watch the football game. Well, I'm going to Cairo make an MBA statement little bit of play a little bit of a devil's advocate here. Okay? All right, but so I mean look at the toys, you know, I don't think they should be making 90 more than nine percent of the players, you know, and like I Greedy, but here's what I here's the kind of way. I look at it is, you know football, you know football players like that is a job like that. You know, it's a it's a not for everybody like you have like it's a, you know too late level but the same way that's a job like the role of an announcer is a job now, you know just because that's what football player gets paid and that's what announcer gets paid. You know, it's like even though they're announcing your sport. It's still a job that their stations decided to pay them back. Much based off of you know, today's branding everybody's brother Yang selves and tantrum was a branded name branded face, you know, it's like, you know, that is I think it's a little high but I mean like Odell like that's that's only like three million off of his like that's a little like, I'm just still making, you know, you're still making fourteen of these guys can complain about money. Oh, no, that's what I've no sympathy for the here's my here's my biggest and I disagree. I'm truly believe that what Tony Romo's making is Justified. And the reason I think that is this okay for two reasons really when it comes down to it. No matter what job you have whether it is a guy working on the side of the road picking up trash or a commentator announcing games. You have a job to do Okay CBS isn't going to pay Tony Romo 17 million dollars to just pay him 17 million dollars. Obviously, they valuable but wait listen to this heat. He is getting paid that because he is obviously shown that that money is worth what they're paying him. He is generated a enough Buzz To where people and I really think and I think I think we'd already at Tony Romo does a great a great announcer. He's a great does a great I think was one of the best but the he's beside Jim Nantz. Jim Nantz is one of the most decorated commentators in sports history. I mean, I'm a huge golf guy the Masters Hello friends, welcome to the mash like that is Iconic and he's getting paid more than Jim Nantz. I think as a commentator Tony Romo is one of the best in the business and I think as a job and here's the thing. Oh BJ Is going to Tweet about how they should be how I should be an announcer. Well, guess what if you can do a better job in announcer than what you as a football player go for it because he cannot sit here and say that Tony Romo should be paid that money that he should get paid more when obj had one of the worst seasons I've ever seen of a wide receiver if that's hyped up. He had a great catch on Monday Night Football with the Giants. Everybody cops him up, and he absolutely Socks at the Browns so he has no word to say if you ain't going to do your job good enough to get paid. They don't complain just fun fact favorite of us really taysom Hill the quarter but the third string quarterback for the Saints had more receiving touchdowns than it is and that's sad that it's and Michael Thomas Michael Thomas at least has somewhere to come from he had a great series the best in the business. Yeah, he at least has somewhere to come from obj he just shut up. All right, because he can't he can't sit there and say anything when he's not performing at least at least Tony Romo. It's performing enough to have the Conversation whether he not get he's but I just goes back to the like when you're like when it's time for Monday Night Football you ever like. Oh the the Falcons the times are playing you're never like all Tony Romo's on right now. No, you're watching the Falcons know but I think people will tune in more likely to hear Tony Romo in his get out. If the same if the both of the games are on the same time, what does it have announcer? All in one has a journalist who knows look at 17 seat. I like Bailey said I think 17 is probably a little steep. Okay, but Like it's far off. Yeah, and like here's how I look at him and more or less is kind of what I'm looking at like yeah, it's steep. But even if they are paid more, you know, it's like as a player. I feel like you're a part like you're a face for a team. But you know, is it fair to say that, you know, like 21 was more face of a network. I was going to say he's effacement of yeah, he's representing the entire the whole picture, you know, and it's like, you know, Like you said, like nobody's turned tuning in to listen to Tony Romo, announce. But yeah, you were going to tune in to watch that game. But I mean, I don't know there's so now there's somebody who's a lots more makes a lot more money than I do that's decided that he's worth x amount of money. Right and but I mean to me, I just don't think you need an answer if any level is worth that much money. Well and that me that being said, I don't think the football players weren't them. No. No, you run a four to eight forty. So here's 70 million dollars. It's in if you want to pay people an individual that much money, I think if Actually pay that much money. It's your doctor's your people who have direct impact impact on people's lives. Yeah, so I don't think I don't know about Tony Romo. Also don't agree in the football players make that much money, but no one is paying to watch. Okay Master this do you think like do you think taysom Hill should be paid more than Tony Romo. That's a good one because in because here's my Army. Here's my argument. Taysom Hill is not he's a great player. And I think he's a great athlete probably one of the best apple in terms of his impact at what he does specifically you Tony Romo has more of an impact on what he does. Then what taste of edges goes back to the like what Bailey said like it's a different job. It's a different like it's like an engine engineered a doctor or something an engineer came by the doctor make it's just a different job and look at like this like, okay would you say, you know, The ratio from announcers to players like, you know player probably outnumber announcers, probably right? You don't know and so it's like the ideal aspersion of money times. Like there's always going to be more grateful ballplayers, but it's like, you know in the pool to pick from it's not like it's, you know limited like there's always great players coming every year and it's like for an announcer like that's the position you work up to but It's still something that you have to earn like to get that position. Like it's a very respected. I feel like the opposition and just like, you know, he can be replaced like so can players players can be replaced, you know there. Yeah, and but I think Tony Romo is harder to replace in a player would be yeah, I agree to what you all said that went with one of the announcer like yours like to like somebody's talking about like I can't it wouldn't No One's Gonna want to listen to me break down quarterback play because I was never a quarterback at the highest level. So like it there. Very few people who had the highest level who are qualified to litter he can break down an NFL quite as experienced qualified. Yeah, there's not there's not many great NFL quarterbacks who want to do that ya know and I agree with that but I think it's I think that Tony Romo and what he does I think justifies him getting that pay raise and moving forward. I think it's gonna be interesting to see players contracts and how much money they're going to get paid. Yeah, but you know, we don't know until season comes up. We still got a while but I you know, here's the I love listen 20 room. I think he does a great job and I think we can all agree that we would love to live 20 rolls life. Like all you do is talk football and play golf like that's literally a dream like God, that'd be amazing. But hopefully I can win the lottery One Day, by the way, if you ever won the lottery, would you give your friends like five to ten million dollars just to like travel with you and stuff. Yeah. Do you want some water? Like you like you win a hundred million dollars. Do you like give your friends like couple meal just like absolutely because I mean like I don't think any Rich successful person wants to experience themselves. They want to bring up their boys with them Bailey Chris if I want a hundred million dollars, we're get on a private jet if I want a hundred million dollars, you're a millionaire your man like your hair to like we're on the knew I would it's like then we can get a group message and be like, we're gonna go this week. I'll think of Tahiti. Oh, man. I was thinking Pain, like what like first world problems, maybe yeah, like that would be spook. Ya like we're talking about eight was A-Rod A-Rod is worth like a rods worth like 350 million dollars not to be a lie, his fee honor. His wife is worth a loner move James over 400 million look to come on. They're like almost 800 million dollars and like they both still work. Uh, I'd be I'd be living like the Dan Bilzerian laughter. I'm like traveling like I'm going everywhere. Yeah, that's stupid money mean. Never mind, we're not going my finances. But yeah, so I think that was good conversation. And I actually I have more topics here regarding Alabama football as most a quick bit wider on the announcers. I like to point out that ESPN has hired Chipper Jones four 20-game contract to take over Wednesday night baseball and on the TV news on the topic of color analyzation as Tony Romo Chipper Jones The Greatest switch hitter vault. Come back and he's replacing former. Teammate David Ross who is now the manager of the Cubs? Yeah on Wednesday night baseball hero. She forgot look forward. He should do shit. That's such a blue collar. Like you can't know what it's like when you watch people play baseball like that looks good. Colleague out playing baseball Wednesday night baseball season starts check out chipper on ESPN. Yeah, you want to talk about not linic nominee nominee nominee players can do the him or the Derek Jeter thing where you sign of the team out of and both of their now high school and then you just Play your entire 19 20 year career with one team that's done happened Sports anymore. Seems like I said, it's a simple wholesome life. It is just making it to that level and be yeah, just right there. Yeah, so I have two more things on the topic sheet, but here's the thing. I'm actually going to save to one and a half of them for the next episode because I kind of want to ask the question and I want the listeners kind of generate thought about it moving forward because it this the next two are going to be kind of real. I don't want to say arguing topics, but they're going to be like arguing topics. But the one question I have is regarding to Alabama football and I think I'm going to touch more about this on the next episode. We all know that Scott Cochran he's gone. He's gone. He jumped he jumped ship. He went to, Georgia. He wants to be a special coordinator. Gopi a special teams coordinator. Well, guess what? He already did Adele. I'm happy for him. Look. I'm right. I'm sad that you left. I'm happy for him. Here's my question and Bailey you are your kind of related to more in-depth with without them football. So you don't have to get in much into it as meet Chris and I which I'm a former relate to it because what not anymore so I can talk about it. But Chris is the dynasty dead is Alabama football. The dead and the worst is that is because if Cochran who has been there the entire time that Satan has why wouldn't it Saban offer a similar position to Cochran? Why wouldn't he grant that is it because safe and Scott Cochran at at such a high thing of strength conditioning. They didn't want or maybe didn't believe in his abilities of strengthening or is a special teams coordinator. However, if Scott Cochran reached the Pinnacle of life and regards to strength and conditioning and there was nowhere to go from up and he just seems like kind of guys and I can be very complacent and set his eyes on something and then if that door was closed at Alabama someone else offered him. He's made his money. He's not he's not going to be it. No dude bangs, but I'm but if I was to say that Alabama football was wouldn't The leader of the ACC or the epitome of college football. My second guess would be Georgia because I think Georgia is the second. No. No, I'm a cc in general just for a sec. Right? So but but but if you win the SEC generally where does that take you that takes you to the playoffs and maybe ultimately the national championship well because you gotta think that usually the top x amount of teams are all SEC. So we all beat each other up, correct. So by the time we get to the done with a championship, there's no one left because you have two losses or whatever, but I'll say this and we were talking about at this earlier What's Cochran? You know, I think he was a great conditioning coach strengthening and conditioning coach. Right? But one thing that can't be argued or can't be denied is the injuries on our team last few years. I mean look at Dillon modes or defense with Dawn Chris Allen. He's gone for a while Tyrone Lewis. I mean, that kid was hurt more than anybody. I love Chris to great guy, you know even Shaundi on Shaundi on listen to the last episode. He was hurt. He tore his ACL, you know to uh to we got her now granted the hip injury and he was gonna fit right but but but the ankle problems like we're these direct, you know, was this directed to what Scott cawthon could have done also, you can't blame like you look at we're focused on Alabama is because Scott Cochran's leaving to like you look at any it's football people get hurt. Yes going to get tweets and but you can prevent but but the amount of stress that you can put on players can but actually minimize that's You won't like the players come to Alabama for a reason that stress is there for a reason because when like, you know diamonds without pressure like you don't get to that point by like not going as hard as you can all the time of granite like Scott Cochran and Nick Saban and all they know a lot more than I do, but it just seems like that's a necessary evil to have the program that they do. Well, apparently I didn't know this because apparently the guys coming in was it Baloo as I say it is that right producers we got that rap. Baloo Baloo Baloo Baloo Baloo and Matt real name. Yeah, that's awesome. Apparently dude from Jungle Book blue. Yeah, isn't that right Mowgli and the bear The Bear Necessities or something, dude? I don't know. I think I think that's right. I think I'm working on that. Anyways, I hope that they can. Baloo nice little will be a - Ela o4l 0:04 kind of but I think that was an insulation thing is Annunciation. Yeah, that was freaked out. No, that's how you spell it, which I can't spell anyways, but anyways, apparently they're like really good at tricking shot there from Indiana. I don't know anything about them, but apparently they it was kind of a two-part deal where like you have one guy who's kind of a meat head in one car that's like a doctor and they like team up in like prevent injury like for I wanted or In strength conditioning coach strictly because of what his mustache. Yeah, that's it. His mustache promises. You six wins. I don't make the rules but like this mustache is good for six wins a year. Well, there's four people in this room right now. I am by far the I'm the oldest and I by far have the worst mustache and I'm so sad I can grow pretty sick mustache if I'm allowed to I've never really tried. Well, you guys have like a cop o'clock shadow like you got the hair coat for it. Yeah, you should put where you can twist it like a dirty. Sanchez yeah, I like that and that would be that would be I wish I could go mine's kind of blondes. It's kind of upsetting but yeah, no, I agree. They must have man's most mustache is a good look it's coming back. I'll grow it I grow but okay put some feelers out, but I'm a grown-up now free ads. Um, yeah, so we're going to kind of leave that there but moving forward in the next episode what I want to talk about and a big part of discussion is we're going to kind of hit on the dynasty again is it Dad what's look forward to but also kind of looking forward to the NFL draft and I watch some of the combine I think a lot of guys in here watching the combine and I think quarterback is a big point of emphasis and my question is and so I'm a big dolphins fan Miami Dolphins fan want to make it known that we were set we were set in stone to have the first overall pick we were trash we were all full but then somehow somehow we just want to win five games because you decide to start Ryan Fitzpatrick instead of Joshua. Do they always naturist wedding? Well, he's a winner when you threw three interceptions one game is like let's try the next guy when he throws for himself shock. Well, let's go back to the other without that goes into the Cincinnati Bengals thing everyone blames Andy Dalton for them sucking. Well, no, he's not. He's the best player on the team. They don't have an offensive line of defense the running back to your mix-ins average. They don't have any receivers. Our coaching staff is awful. Yeah one the quarter but he's our best player. Right? Well he put him on the Patriots and their Goodwill. He betrayed you you put him on the Tennessee Titans and out Tannehill was hot for us last year. I'm sure that guy Whatever. He's not a long-term guide and neither would we are liking but clearly Dolphins? Hello, but you know what next we're moving past that asking me to specify the next podcast, but the question I want to ask is this and something I want people listening to think about and maybe even discuss Of all the quarterbacks who's the best one people saying Joe burrow, Joe Burrell is going to go first. Oh, wait a second. Jordan loves coming in conversation. Jordan. Jordan is not going to be taking over the barrel. But my question is that would be the Dolphins but who is the hold on? He's sick. I miss you did Marino but is who is the best quarterback in the draft? Is it Joe Burrell? Is it to uh, I have my opinion and I think this is opinion that's gonna be given next episode. So something to talk about as well. The other elbow and players in the combine and who were the biggest names in the combine and guess what album is not going to make the NCAA tournament, but 64 other teams will so we're going to talk about the tournament next time kind of look forward to myself Christopher. We're going to the SEC basketball tournament in Nashville. It's going to be good time. We have a lot to talk about then we have a live podcast then don't lie, but we record it then kind of talk about some stuff next week. So if you would stay tuned for next episode and anything else you guys want to say. Sure, the Bama baseball boys undefeated undefeated Omaha me five. Maybe that's going to go up. Let's ride that ship as long as we can. I say based off last year didn't make the SEC baseball tournament, but whatever no Todd anything else. Alright until next time the big lot of big guys, and I'll bounce basketball team screw you will see you. Bye.