Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to Got FM to get started that's anchored on FM awesome. Hey, it's Joe H. John. You're listening to smoking with the Jays. Let's get this thing started. Top 10 ways to masturbate. Well, let's start at number ten and work your way out. Okay this time we'll probably the best way well whatever way is the opposite number ones. Usually the worst ever in the best way. Wait. Oh, there's more than 10. Hold on. I don't even really know what that means. There's 12. I don't know. I'm just looking things up weirdly. This is like locations. How know just like there's more than just video porn. It's number 12 top 10 things to masturbate to we're techniques. Well, let's learn some and then there's a adding a toy or to no automatic stroker flashlight pocket sugar prostitutes simulators and anal beads feel like toys. To make the whole process Messier for no reason Casa just like the lube and everything like that. Well, yeah and then you got to clean the toy when you're done. Don't you like any some of them are dishwasher safe still? That's why is that disgusting? Put it in with your dishes? Yeah, but it's cleaning everything. Anyway still kind of gross. You don't think that's gross. I know I do. I just want to try edging you've heard of this. What is it when you get yourself like right to the edge of it, and he stopped. And you let it go for a little bit and you do it again do it again do it again? Yeah, it's not that great. I've done. Yeah, I do it on accident half times. I didn't get to a good porno yet. No, I mean it's not an accident dual-purpose. Well, yeah, but I don't do it knowing that. I'm trying to Edge myself, right? Number nine don't forget the prostate. A simple finger in there. I guess every once in a while. It's way too much work. Okay, so you can start off Surly by using one finger to gently rub the outside and inside of the anal opening then insert your finger gradually to massage your prostate increase speed and motion. That's a pleasure begins to build until you're ready to finish. I mean, it's very detailed. This is part of the reason I'm single too is I've no interest in like spending my sexual harassment never had a finger up there once no I mean unless it's real bad getting in there deep never in a sexual way. I don't think I've ever had anything up man. Sexually not like I've had like a pinky knuckle weapon. I'm not sensing wrong with it. I don't care. I just not interested. Like I dated a girl who's all into toys and shit. I'm just like whatever. I'm in crisis with whatever floats your boat. Yeah. I mean honestly she got like this little like Bullet Vibrator thing. Oh, yeah, like a little rabbits. Yeah. That was like, I don't know how it ended up like it right in between us and we were fucking and oh God that really good like that, but I don't know. It's just kind of like, I don't need that. I don't know cancer not I'm not King Shame. I just don't I don't have enough sex that I need to get that. Okay, that's it with yeah, you know what? I mean? It's like I've I have sex. I'm real happy like the sex isn't old no matter what? Yeah. It's like ah shit. Yeah. I'm getting laid that a girl you got my ass. Once that was a quite interesting. I can't I wanted to not like it but it was actually kind of nice. I don't know if I would like it or not, but I would never look at that girl again. Don't have to be someone I did not know and would never see again because I'm not looking someone in the face of the off my ass. I'm definitely not kissing them. I don't want to be anywhere near them pretty much as soon as they're done. They should probably leave get out. Maybe maybe like rinse your mouth out or something because he nor get out of my room. What's that shit off your face, literally? You have to go to bathroom take a shower. Bodies always producing shit. That's true. It's kind of what we are. We're like shit tubes shit factories. Yeah, but we're just like a oh, yeah a twisty tubes it turns food into shit. I can assure right now. I'm so I figured because I can. And we just did he Pizza should just it's still totally stutters. He would stare each other in the eye and record the same time number seven. Don't just focus on the penis the way that's the same thing. That's it. Yeah, but this is what you want me to grab my tits while I masturbated will take all the paint the balls, you know. Work on some nipples and way too much work. I'm just trying to get done. Try Different Strokes Different Strokes for different folks. You can use long twisting Strokes from the base to the tip. You can pause and you can pause it and pull your penis and I don't know exactly what you said like you can Palm the head of your dick and pull on its run by a woman room. I don't know, it's Health. Why does not an author's name? I didn't get the for yet. I feel like a lot of girls read this move your hips while man Baby, which I guess you would kind of just thrust or yeah, like hold your hand on it and just kind of fuck your hand. It's all seems way too much work. Yeah, so this is why I'm masturbating and not having sex so we don't have to do these things. Only moving my hips where I look like some kind of gymnast. What am I trying out for the Olympics? Well that case you can just switch hands. Well, they call that one. It's such a switch hands. Oh really or it's an attempt to stranger. Yeah heard of The Stranger. Well, okay, whatever where you can sit on your hand until it falls asleep. Yeah and simulate the feeling of another person giving you a hand job. Everyone who has tried it. Once it says I'm never tried. I've never tried to be there. So that's obviously wrong. I can imagine it would work though. Yeah, like my hand goes numb all the time. Anyway for my carpal tunnel. I still know I'm grabbing my own dick. Yes, you gotta shut your eyes and pretend like there's a good. Yeah, but you still have to move your arm. Like you still know you're going to be doing lay on your arm. So your whole arm goes to sleep. I feel like you just have to fuck your hand. Then you have to stay still and fucking like That's what number 3 is take your time. That's what I jerk off. I don't really one goal. Unless I find a good poor come here for tantric masturbation now. Okay, how do you switch positions from masturbating? Hold on 69 yourself? You're always standing try leaning against the counter or the wall with your hips pushed forward. If you're lying down try sitting up or either standing or better your chair. You can also do solo session longer for oh God you try when you're on all fours. I don't know how you're going to do that though be like a tripod that I was going to say behold all three days. I'm pulling because I feel like I'll be the first to admit like I don't get lady same but that's that's just seems like someone was really desperate. Like I don't understand I guess like when I'm masturbating I'm not trying to like be fancy and yeah, just trying to have an orgasm it does. I never I never paid for it at least not from a hooker. Well in from one that I was dating a girl once and I paid her whatever she was going to make it work that night. I paid her that much to call off and stay with me. I'm pretty sure we fucked but okay, I guess I wasn't paying her directly to fuck but on inside yourself you were paying her to stay home. So you could fuck her right at least have the opportunity to okay, don't remember if we did or not. I think we did because I've always kind of thought like you paid her to have sex. I'm assuming that the ice. It happened. I don't have actual memories of it that night. But I just the memories of me thinking about the fact that I paid her for sex. Oh, yeah. I paid for sex all the time just because I got tired of hitting brick walls with women at the bar and shit like that. Is that where you go to kiss someone and move out of the way and no I don't have that visible. I've had girls. I just come up like at the bar. Like I've been talking to him all night just grabbed my junk and everything like that, but then I still am like now I'm good, I think because I know them but hooker just like hey, I'm paying you to suck my dick so shut up and put your My junk and I bum one of those. Should have went and got some please just look these Smoked Cigarettes. Well, what are the star think I started on actually might have started on these when I started on was way worse, but then I went to switch to camel wides. Okay for a long time. I smoked black and miles and I would buy a pack of black of miles and a player Kim and wide. Oh god, let's look some clothes on the roller yet. now I started out with He was Salem's or cools. My dad used to smoke makes a steal them. Yeah, my dad smoked but I didn't know about it apparently smoked for years, but he hid it from us and he looks cool Lisa lady hit it from you. Well, I think he was more hiding it from my mom. Yeah, so I was raised like real religious. So smoking is like bad. And I was smoking bad if you're religious. I mean it's where I never understood that stuff. Like I don't know it's weird now because I was raised it like smoking drinking. I mean obviously drugs. Yeah as a Christian those are things you do not do but now it's like I have a brother-in-law who's more. I'm not Christian at all. Yeah. He's like goes to church every Sunday Very Christian owns a brewery. Wait, wait, what brother owns a brewery? Yeah st. Boniface. That's your brother. Well brother and long. What the fuck how do you know that? I mean is part of three owners like okay is one of the original to that school. Well, yeah and like my whole family's religious and they say bunch of them smoke and like yeah, not necessarily cigarettes that often but they'll smoke cigars with me like even just the Black and Milds quote-unquote cigars, but still consider smoking. Yeah smoking which was like growing up. I would have been like, oh you are you a sinner but it's weird because I'm not my sister's drink wine. And yeah, well, they're just drinking the blood well, Would you do their blood cult? Yeah, they do that. Vamps and cans cans and Vamps cannibals and very parallel purples available and Empire can okay. Just let me like a good a couple when it just be a zombie. for brains Okay, right zombies. Yes. I miss some just eat. They just eat the fucking body actually gets most of them nowadays just see the new era ones are just like they just dig into me. They just want living flesh Christians. So he got it and get it out. All makes sense. Now sure about the little lady that's like spiritual advisor to Trump or something. No, she's like a pastor if she was told her congregation that they should give her money instead of paying their electric bills White's if they don't have enough money for both that should give her the money because otherwise they're putting the electric company. Of God, oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. This is the kind of shit that we got in our country in the White House. Holy shit. That's funny. That's a horrible filthy rich off these people who can't pay their bills. Well, they're also their choice again it is but people are lied to and manipulated and it's well, you know, of course, I mean, I guess you can at some point blame them, but it's also the people doing the lying and manipulating aren't no. Yeah. It's pretty cool. Cool, what do that? So smoke circles Lawson the high class called a smoke ring. Could you do like the one side almost did it like Gandalf like and Ophelia Frodo style? Fuck you you son of a bitch right away. That's not an insult. If I said like Gandalf then you could have I expected you to jump over this table and beat the shit out of me at that point. Well, I know you like some ice. Why not never mind. He's the badass Samwise gamgee. He's badass duck with his buddy the whole way through are you? Okay? No, not at all. I didn't finish my sentence. I think something I forget especially what I'm not drunk but the conversations have natural laws. And what do you mean like that? We just had like a four second silent. Oh, yeah, of course. I feel like that would happen with anything if you didn't have a script. Yeah, script or some kind of like topics. All right, welcome back to this episode Johnny Hates women hookers Edition. I thought you'd like that. We're not giving it. It's ours. They can't have that. Oh God, so you think how do you pay your hooker's with equality? I always used to make my mom mad because I used to say that wives were just shit. How did I say it? They're just glorified hookers for my life. Like stay-at-home, yag. My mom like didn't work. So you're calling your mama hook, right? Yeah. I told her. You don't have to just have sex with them. I think then you have a house cleaner here, but you can make her naked you can make her naked. Will you pay for a hooker to come to your house and clean the house naked? Right, but they have to be willing to do that. Well, yeah. What you okay, you pay a hooker to have sex right? I've never have no. Well, you know what? I mean someone would ya Royal you? Yes, I would I would pay a hooker to have sex with me. So she's gonna get naked. I'm Gonna Get Naked why not slipper an extra 20, I reclaim my living room. She's naked cuz we have robotic limbs are living room and it doesn't work clothes. You're welcome. Honestly, it's true just dropped its on it 13th method of masturbation Le Ruble ordered a full clean bet. Yeah, you wouldn't have to worry about the cleanup at the end. And that's until I get behind self-cleaning sex robot the Rumba. Should be actually write ads for them. Would it just be fucking vacuum know like a real vacuum with an extension on it? Do you have to hold that vacuum suctions going but then it's just a steady suck that's not going to do anything for you. Okay, have you done it? No, I'm just gonna back without touching it. It's not going to feel that great. I'm just going to suck your dick in and then it wouldn't have a little bit of vibration with it as well. I mean, I'm not saying I've tried it. If I had it wouldn't have felt that great. It's too late to say did you fuck the vacuum before? Hey, I got consent. How about I turn it at all and maybe $20. Yeah, I turn them on first you put a penny on the ground and it sucked it up first. No, now you're talking about a vacuum hooker and that's not paying the vacuum for sex. Joel hates. What are you doing? Archie? Did you know you're still paying for it pay for that electric bill your plug-in into its good points can't get away from it. Everything could just money exactly even making money cost money. She added a penny cost more than a penny to make. Yeah, you know that for Resident like a dollar. No, it's not. It's like just over a penny Okay, but we literally lose money every time we make pennies, you know why we still make pennies no, because the metal industry whatever metal is not copper anymore. It's coated in Copper, but it's something else inside. They've been lobbyists that like pushed it because people don't want the penny anymore Billy. Yeah. We keep any fucking pointless, but that's why because how much money would they lose because is it a copper penny actually worth To yeah copper pennies are worth just in their copper wheat like more than a penny Okay thats what I thought whats your pennies from 1981 and before okay. So before 1982 they were all their pure copper. That's cool. Yeah, they're worth like because I looked it up. It's like I think it's a to something. Okay, so since in their copper, wait, yeah, and if it but it's a penny it's kind of cool. So you can't legally recycle it as copper because you can't destroy. You can like deface US currency, but you can't like destroy it that it would be out of circulation. You're not supposed illegal. Anyway, I think you kind of know if anyone actually enforces it. But yeah, probably if you took like a whole bunch of pennies somewhere and tried to destroy them. They'd be like, I don't think we should do this. I don't know them. We'd play find a place of do it's very true. I'm trying to look up local hookers. What ya see what's going on get arrested now, I won't get arrested. Is there are any around here you're reading could have read animism. Pretty sure I saw someone I was Paving and read any other year. Hey. Local escorts, that's probably a better way to look it up whenever you know, there's gonna be strange women coming into the house. Yeah. Let's start locking my door. Yeah, you're good. I mean when they're in there with me will not be as wait for it. I would laugh my ass off. Would you hire him still? I don't know. I don't think I would love you did and they showed up. You think they'd be like, well your pan. Yeah, you think there'd be like, oh, well what the fuck is so weird, right? I think it would be weird. I don't even know how you do it with a stranger. Were you drunk when you paid for it? No? You know High nothing you're just really does stone sober. I was sober and horny. And I've definitely been sober and horny, but I just feel like if I had tried to hire a stranger to do anything to me. And it wouldn't have gone. Well, all right. Good been home on here. What are you on Craigslist Reading bed page.com lat? Yeah. It's like back page. But Backpage got taken down those. It was an old like Craigslist kind of thing. God. Damn it. Hmm. I might be too tired. I'm so tired. Oh, yeah, I'm gonna head in a game earlier. Kept me up. Oh, yeah. I can explain to you know, you don't care but it's like every other conversation we have real proud of yourself. Sweet brown liquid take away the pain. But the chemicals make my brain see Smiles on top of the hill. If she won't do it her sister will here's to her sister like that. Not that taste. I'm tired really tired. How often do you masturbate I'd say. Once every other day, really? Yeah sometimes every day do you ever do it more than once a day? Oh, yeah, of course often with least an hour break. Well, yeah, you gotta break him down. Oh when I was younger it was hell. Yeah, I wouldn't even that does. He hunger doesn't count. Nah, I just beat my dick like it owed me money. Yeah point. I mean I did wrong. Loop, I still do I just push it down. I don't the only times I administer it more than once in a day or when I got real drunk the night before okay, and I don't know why but I wake up horn EOC get out. I mean like really horny. Yeah, and then I'll masturbate I like. Yeah, like an hour later. I mean man, I'm doing it again. Fuck. Yeah. I'm right back in and why not? I've noticed I've done it more than once a couple times because it was like I found a really good porn and I was already like almost done when I found it. Yeah, I know that is that was like, okay. I'm doing this again. Yeah board. Yeah. I've been so tired I can tell you look like you're gonna fall asleep feel like I'm going to fall asleep. Let's just be that heater turn the heater off of it courrier will be great up to hit the microphone. I just face planted it. It's cold in here. Trying to hear you sign off of what have to stop. Yeah. We'll do it later. When I get back from the bar just was just a practice round. I save this even ah. You've been listening to smoking with the Jays got to put this thing out. fucking gold at this