Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and how we as parents desperately. Hope to be able to change our kids and by change I know and you know, I don't mean you want to fundamentally change them, but we want to change the way they behave at times. We want to make them. Do what we want them to do. We want to make them listen. We want to make them be respectful. We want to make them work do their homework and be more organized and eat healthy food and come off their screens when they've had enough time, but can we actually make them I often say to clients that I'm working with when they say but I really want her to to be more organized with her homework and I go so, how can you make that happen? Look, they listen and they look at me and they go. Well, I don't know I said, can you make your child do their homework? They say well I can kind of make her sit down at the table and get her books out. I said, yeah and can you make her make her do it? Can you change what she's doing and make her do something different? Can you are you going to actually take your hand and put it over hers and both of you hold the pen and then make her right and we end up laughing because we see the irony in it and the Ridiculousness in it because we actually can't make someone else change. The only thing that we can change is ourselves and it is so hard to Make ourselves change in order to bring about change somewhere else. And dr. Shefali zebari says there is one ingredient required to bring about change in ourselves. And that is as she puts it as only she can death of your old self and that sounds very dramatic. Well my all I have to die on myself, but when you think think about it your cells in your body are dying all the time and new cells are being created are being made. So we are continuously parts of us are dying and new parts are growing and evolving and then those parts died in new new cells grow. So there's always there's always room for growth. So when she says, you know death of the old self The old part of us that has to that we that we want to change we have to let go of that part has to die. We have to cut it out and start again. And that's why change is so hard because we are complacent we get stuck in the status quo and as bad uncomfortable as This place can be the pain can be causing us The Strife the conflict The Angst that arguments everything with our kids we often choose. To stay in the status quo because changing requires a shitload of work and bring about change in anything is a commitment and we have to put a lot of effort in to bring about that change. So what do you do and what can you do that would be different to bring about a change in your child's behavior. Let's say Let's take the ubiquitous one. My child doesn't listen never listens. So you have to first look at the patterns that are created. What is the pattern around not listening in your home? It might be that you are an AG that you just say it over and over again. You need to do your homework. You need to do your homework. Have you done your homework an hour later? You've been on the sofa for an hour on your phone. Have you done your homework nag nag nag nag? That's not bringing about. Change because they're still on the sofa not doing their homework. So what else could you do? Well, some people might might yell might start yelling with their kids aren't listening. I always ask them does yelling work does yelling make them listen and they often say yes, ultimately it does and I asked them are you happy with raising your voice to the point where you're yelling and your kids yelling and everyone shouting. Are you okay with that? They go know so I'm like, okay. So what are we going to do? Can you make your child not yell. No. Can you make you not yell. Well, possibly and I say, yes you can but can you see in this in this Dynamic the only way to bring about change and get your child to listen would be for you to change something in the way in which you're showing up and that would the obvious one would be Don't yell now saying to someone who yells just don't yell simple don't yell. You know how hard that is your hard it is to actually change the way in which we show up when we are so ingrained and habituated into these patterns. So we have to look and find ways in which we can bring about the change because we can't look to the other to change. We can't change the child fix the child make them listen because I'm like, how are you going to make them? Listen force them to listen, you're going to go and hold their ears wider open and say can you hear me? So what other things can you do to make them listen there are lots of things but I'm not on the on this show. I'm not talking about listening. There's many other episodes on the show that are dedicated to how you can help your child. Listen, this episode is on. How can you bring about change if you want to change something in your home you want to change the amount of I'm your kids are spending on their screens. You want to change the the way the your child is doing her homework. You want to change the way the mealtimes go you want to change how you get out the house in the morning. You are the Catalyst for Change and when you actually understand the power you hold in being the Catalyst to change that's amazing if you want change. You are in full control of bringing about the change. The problem is we hand our control to the kids. We try and make them change and it doesn't work because we cannot change another person and we can't change ourselves until we're prepared to slay kill and get rid of the old habit the old you so as as I'll say again the death of the old self. If it's the key ingredient, I agree, I believe dr. Shefali is 100% right here. And I love the way in which she explains this. I love the way she talks about it because she's in my book. She's right. So if we want to bring about change we have to shine the spotlight of attention on to ourselves and what can we do we can either stay in the situation exactly as it is and not bring about any change we can try. Force the other to change but guaranteed it won't work you'll end up in Conflict. You can accept that. It's just what it is and not do anything or you say Okay. I want to change things up a bit. So what am I going to have to do and talking about it's not enough thinking about it's not enough. We have to actually put it into action and to put it into action. You have to have a plan and you have to go right back to your the first thing you have to do in whatever. Ever it is you're wanting to do and then you can have that all written out on a piece of paper, but you still have to put it into practice the how are you going to do it in the moment when your teenager is absolutely mad because you've asked them to come off their screens. What are you going to do in the moment? How are you going to hold the limit? How are you going to deal with the pushback? How are you going to change the way in which you show up Moment by moment? The face of whatever is going on around you. That's what we have to be able to do because we can't change the other we can only change ourselves. So I hope that you have enjoyed this and it's giving you a bit of food for thought. Thank you so much for listening. Don't forget if you're in the Philadelphia area to grab yourself a ticket for the revolutionising Parenthood conference that's on at the chub Center in Philadelphia. It's April the 24th and 25th. It's coming up soon. Get your tickets. Dr. Shefali will be there. If you've never heard her live, if you've never experienced her energy, then don't miss this opportunity. It could change your life talk about change here is something you can do to change the way in which you're showing up go and participate in this conference and just feel the energy you will leave inspired and motivated to bring about change and I know that the workshop I'm doing triggering triggered by your teen. You will leave. A strategy for you not for your kid for you because if I give you strategies through your kids, who knows whether they're going to comply to the strategy if I give you strategies for yourself, if you want to bring about the change you can apply the strategy and you will change so I look forward to seeing you there. For those of you that live in the area. For those of you that don't you can fly in I'm flying across the country to go and be there. I would fly across the country to go. Go and be there even if I wasn't actually a speaker or at the event because these sorts of things are so empowering for us as parents. And once you wet your appetite appetite and you get into this, then you will continue to want to raise your barn make that investment in yourself. Your kids are the most important thing you have. So make a concerted effort to change the way in which you show up and parent and allow them to be liberated by By all of this, so thank you so much for listening. Hope over onto the podcast podcast notes and get all the details for for where you can buy your tickets and the discounts that I can give you through my my link here, and I look forward to chatting with you all soon. Thanks for listening. Bye for now. That's it for today's episode on the parenting in the thick of it show if you enjoyed the show, please do share it with your friends and family. And remember if you find yourself stuck in the thick of it and can't see a way out of it. Please send me an email. I would love to help you. My email is Louise at your parenting partner.com and don't forget to take a look at the parenting in the thick of it family organizer that I created. It's an evergreen family calendar guaranteeing 12 months of use from whenever Start it also includes beautifully Illustrated informative and interactive monthly parenting theme pages to guide you through the year. It's the perfect organizer for busy families to keep track of all their activities plus help parents be the best parent. There can be it's more than just a calendar. You can find the link for this and the other social media platforms that I am on below the description in this episode. Thank you so much for listening today, and I look forward to being with you all. You soon. Bye for now.