Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself.Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you Said, you know BB Warfield I was like wow that we're getting kind of crazy. But anyway, but you know with feels bad enough. So today well, why don't we introduce ourselves first? I'm CR Wiley the senior pastor of the Presbyterian Church of Manchester and I've wrote things I've written things. And now you turn Tom Tom Price systematic Theologian and Christian ethicist teaching both that Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary. And I'm Glenn sunshine. I'm a professor of history at Central Connecticut State University and a senior fellow at the Colson Center for Christian worldview. Well today is my day and its really been taken out of my hands. I actually wanted to talk about something else. I've got this idea that I'd like to kind of go through seminal text in the sort of the Revival of paleo conservatism mid 20th century. So I was thinking, you know we could but we did Robert nisbett and I was thinking maybe we could do Richard Weaver. So so I was thinking of that and Then there is this huge surge of demand for intersectionality on my Facebook page. I said, hey, you know, what, do you guys, you know think about intersectionality as a subject for the podcast and I thought, you know, this could be something we do maybe a few episodes down the road that there was a you know, like this huge like Firestorm of the comments, you know over a hundred and so I said, okay, okay. I guess we got to do something. Intersectionality, so we're going to do that today. But before we do want you to know that we are looking to once again upgrade our game at the podcast. We want to make a better show. So we have are working on a set of goals. One of those goals is to have a new website that people can access and get our shows a little easier. We also want to have a way for people The to interact with us that's a little easier for them. We're just absolutely awful at the Facebook page thing. We have we do have a Facebook page that we occasionally look at and then there are like I was last time I was there there were like 30 unless you know responded to comments or something like that and we're bad and then if you go, you know, how you go to the the opening of the where they got like the main page for your for your Facebook page and they'll tell you tell you how long it takes for them to respond. Like days you go to others and it's like minutes. Whereas is it? We're not good. So we're looking to get some help in that area. And anyway, we're also looking to upgrade some of our equipment. So we're going to do another Kickstarter about a year ago at this time. We had a Kickstarter that was a success and it got us off the ground and running and we've been glad for what that Kickstarter has funded and we're gonna be able to build on it, but we're going to do another and we're looking at the first Kickstarter. We did. I think we were looking at it like a five like a five hundred dollar goal. Very modest. We exceeded that by a few hundred dollars this time around. We're probably going to be in the like 2,000 to 3,000 dollar range ruin everything again. Not a huge, you know thing not a huge kick starter campaign, but it will help us do a number of things that we want to do and we'll let you move more about those things as we get closer to kicking the kickstarter off. But anyway, let's jump into the subject of the day and the days Subject as I noted is intersectionality and I went to that great resource on the web Wikipedia time for back in the day when people were very sort of jaundiced when it came to use of Wikipedia, but I think that it's become a much stronger Resource as people have continued to refine it and so forth. So it doesn't get the same sort of eyebrow raise. Maybe it doesn't some circles. Maybe you still raised an eyebrow Glam, not particularly. I mean, it's they've done multiple studies in it. Less accurate than any other Encyclopedia Britannica or any of those things. It's about the same. Yeah, so the self editing function the all that kind of stuff. But anyway, so here is the first sentence in you know, of course, it's three lines because you can't talk about this kind of stuff a lot of dark without a lottery drawing. Yeah. Jargon is part of it. But anyway, so this is it intersectionality is a theoretical framework for understanding how aspects of one social. And political identities EG gender race class sexuality ability ability. Oh, yeah. There's an interesting one is now it body abled Etc about I'm thinking just a ability in terms of actually being able to do the job that actually we're going to get there may be no I know but I could this but the point is though is that this whole thing I'm going to get into that does undermine right that might combine to create unique modes of discrimination doesn't sort of you know, Entertain the possibility that this could create unique modes of discrimination, which I think is what is occurring. But anyway, it goes on to describe its roots of what's known as first-wave feminism and so on we've talked before as well about some of the ideological and philosophical underpinning sort of the metaphysical underpinnings of intersectionality. But anyway, so that's the topic of the day normally with this is used for or in the academy or in the politics or or even in Human Resources as is essentially you can acquire sort of moral Capital based on your status as an oppressed person. So, you know, for example, if you're a black man, you know, you've got one mark that gives you a measure of moral status Moral Moral authority to speak to issues because you Are oppressed as a black man, but if you were black woman, then you have to get double now if you're black woman who's in a wheelchair. Now, you've got three have your black woman in a wheelchair who is transsexual who is actually a man pretending to be a woman. Now you got another you see how this kind of works, you know, you can next thing, you know, you're like the most authoritative person in the world and you anything you say or at least this is you know, as we having a little fun with this and if so, they could work. So what have ya but for each step away from the the societal power hierarchy you therefore are supposedly to be granted a certain amount of moral power that makes up for that distance. And therefore you kind of it's a way of kind of redistributed power and in a certain hierarchy of exclusion. Yes the way I've always explain this is you know, anybody who is working in this world views the entire universe has a zero sum game. And it's a zero-sum game on pretty much all levels. So in this case, what we're dealing with is the issue of moral Authority if you oppress someone you lose moral Authority, but since it's a zero-sum game the Lost moral Authority has to go somewhere. So it must go to the oppressed. So oppressors lose moral Authority oppressed game moral Authority by virtue of that and as a result, the more ways your oppressed the more moral Authority you have because you're getting it from multiple directions. And with that moral Authority and it's probably somewhere you're going to go with it. So I don't want to steal steal the the theme early on but get starts to become other levels in the authority like interpretive Authority. Yes, we're starting to see this in the stent stem sciences and different things like this. For example, if you're Stephen Hawking you have a brilliant mind that you're a white European male, but on the other hand you're disabled. And so your you have a certain amount of You know marginalization because of that but that didn't seem to hold him back in terms of his his white male and so therefore but but if you are one of these people who happen to be steps back in terms of social hierarchy Empower, you've been excluded from the interpretive Enterprise. So therefore they argument is that we should start to claim those voices as having the the same level of voices say a Stephen Hawking if not more and interpreting scientific reality because those experiences have been one that have been not privileged or allowed to have a privileged place. And so what it does is it reduces all learning to to the same. It's the same issue of power and balance those gets us to a couple things. We've explored in the past you brought about by Roger Lundin sometime back entitled from from nature to experience. Yeah now nature you're with you're looking at when you're looking at something that we call a that's term nature is we're looking at something that we all have in common that we share in but it's also something that exists of in its some sense apart from us apart from our experience even and it serves as a kind of measure gauge for us to determine whether or not something has different kinds of value another way to talk about this is Is the dynamic of power and Truth in regard to this particular matter, we're not talking about truth in the capital T says we're talking about power in the capital piece sets. In other words power has come to supplant. We've lost our faith in the realities that are that are outside of our experience and outside of our control to gauge the value of our activities or determine the Vic relative. Of the various contributions that people make we're essentially back in content, but we're taking it one step further Kant says that there are are in essence two sides to the world. There's the Newman of which is the way the world is in and of itself which is actually unknowable to us. And then there are the phenomena which is the world as we experience it. Well, if you add to that a perspectival part of the Phenom to the phenomena, which you get is the idea that Nobody actually knows reality but everybody brings their own perspective to it and further. They sumption is that there's no way of judging one perspective as intrinsically Superior to another. Yeah, therefore it the disk because of the moral authority issue the disadvantage voices then have to be privileged. Right this gives us a something that's referred to sometimes as standpoint theory. He enters kind of getting at the same thing. Yeah. See ya in you know, this is exactly I think what London's book is up to his it's showing this move through Emerson and do sort of the way it enters the American the u.s. you know kind of mindset. But yeah, one of the fascinating things going on here is of course one of the ways in which Chris was just mentioning that which is outside or another way. We've always talked about the transcendental the transcended transcend it here is not to be understood in cam. Brass to that which is the trans in the imminent so much as that, which is not reducible to anything other than itself and it isn't reducible to our experiences of it. It transcends those and see this is why this is why the whole intersectional vision and the whole postmodern Vision this kind of shares a lot of the world view with it are completely locked in in themselves. Completely eminent frames and anything that is transcendent is merely trying to break out of the way that eminent frame is organized not anything you're not dealing with something that is qualitatively different and so truth beauty and goodness. They don't have a place the same way. They do in the collect the classic Christian in the classic philosophical traditions because these things were true in and of themselves and so I mean, I'll give you an example from the field of theology. I would show you a little book here. That is written by someone Grace Kim and and I can't recommend we don't actually want actually I don't care who wrote it. It's called The intersectional theology. So what is intersectionality? Well, of course they want to do what is very common. They don't want to make any kind of metaphysical claim. They want to make a methodological plane intersectionality is a tool for analysis right as though those things don't know metaphysical basis that Into account the simultaneously experience multiple social locations identities and institutions that shape individual and collective experience with in hierarchical E structured systems of power and privilege. Can these people make a single coherent statement? This is this is there another words listen to this intersection is a lens for understanding how gender race social class sexual identity and other forms of difference work concurrently to shape people in social institution within multiple. The relations of power and so but what gets me is when we get over to their understanding these when their truck describing this in relationship to theology notice what they say that they are pulling the same stunt that everyone in this world has developed it. Now theology is just following the order. So traditional theology has assumed a white male heterosexual able-bodied subject with very little self-reflection on the impact of see loads and social location. And theology that's a chalk loaded statement Orion is really full of nonsense. Right first and foremost traditionally theology has assumed just about every tribe and Nation because Christianity has come through just about every tribe in the agent. Who is the most important Theologian in the Western Christian tradition. Where are they from Augusta now Augustine who is from North Africa. There are multiple popes in the early church ending with galatia so our berbers This John Calvin was in such pain because of well, I don't need to go into multiple multiple illnesses yet. He dictated his commentary and Isaiah while he was in bed with tuberculosis. Yeah places thing I would approach I would take to this stuff is a little bit different. My Approach would be the whole the whole sort of Enterprise of theology has been historically in the in the early centuries coming to the limits of our ability to know as And then beings in other words, there's there's been no claim that early theologians made that based on your social location your class or race or anything that it would you get got Superior in sight. Yeah, enter the nature of that. That was my next move. Is that what serpents here? Is there presupposition is that that Transcendence isn't a part of the Christian Vision. So if there isn't a god who's reality basically exposes Us in all of the sinfulness and all the Privileges we have Right. I mean what is saying Paul constantly teaching? Okay. Those of you that are in positions of leadership. Remember Christ, the remember that you don't start eating your Eucharistic meal until even the poor are there, right? So these things where are built into the fabric of real Christian real Christian Transcendence, but the point is is that what that what they've done is made theology another point of perspective based on the social location and all these kinds of hierarchical Power determinations, because There's a hidden metaphysical assumption. That's effectively naturalism. Yes, right exactly is a materialistic assumption that everything depends on human power relations. And then when you flip it to the classical Christian understanding which is not a utilitarian view of God, but one that actually exposes a person to God himself theology is pointing to the reality of God and saying this is the this is the price that's worth running for and what does that do it cause Has people properly is to put off themselves and put on Christ. It is a transforming thing. And so that all of these issues of improperly ordered sin are being exposed for the idols. They are and being rewoven is the loves are restored. This can only happen because you're actually grappling with that which is the true God and so what what they are missing in this is that there is actually a a, you know, a Carl bar called the Okay of scripture. There is a there is a reality to which scripture is pointing that isn't a simulator able to anything else because it is God and it is that God that when we are in communion with it through Christ in Scripture that has theology orient's itself that way it actually deals with these things that they want to deal with in an improper way and and and the plate away that just re shuffles different types of Oppression, right? Yeah and Another I'm all set for now. If I think one of the things that that personally drives me crazy on the whole intersectionality thing when it comes to the church, I mean, I understand this in the world, but when it comes to the church in order to accept intersectionality, you have to accept a whole bunch of categories that are foreign to scripture. So for example race is not a Biblical categories it is it just simply isn't there and You can argue I think properly that race is one of the few things that actually qualifies as a true social construct. It doesn't have a real biological basis or anything like that even so there is a social reality to it. But we need to subordinate the social reality to objective reality and in scripture. The objective reality is that race does not exist and biologically does it exist either? The other categories that they want to go to where you're dealing with. Well, okay, let's run through them race not scriptural category social status economic status, whatever that's something that scripture acknowledges, but it's very clear that it isn't the rich that are the ones that that hold the whip hand as it were so, you know, that doesn't really work. Either not the way they want to use it or at least well, at least they are we can agree that there's a certain amount of critique sexual orientation explicitly rejected in scripture. Well, actually they don't even recognize sexual orientation. They only recognize sexual behavior and that is explicitly rejected and yet somehow it's got to take a privileged Place young gender that's recognized in scripture. I mean, but a lot of these things just simply don't make sense through scripture. All lens and the way they're trying to use them on some levels you can see a connection but really very few and the entire structure that says that this whole thing is built around power and power relations and so on and that that is really the Ultimate Reality which is what they're saying without saying that from Biblical perspective that is utter nonsense. Well at a practical level, so we're looking at this as kind of a 30,000 foot level looking at the assumptions the The question is begged the metaphysics that can stuff but at the other end of the spectrum, I'd like to consider the Practical applications. So when we think about where is this generally being applied to what is it being applied often is being applied to government agencies or it's being applied to academic institutions and job training Church, especially the nonprofits in so So so it's in the it's in these Realms. I'm going to disagree with this special even on profits. I think it's for profit companies and bought into this wholeheartedly. Well, I think that the spread of has really impacted because grants are bound up with the hole. Well, I think that's part of it. But I also think in the world of, you know, certain large corporations not so much medium small ones, but in large corporations human resources and Public Image are going are sort of the means by which and then social media. I think a lot of this is capitulation social media. But what we're dealing with here is is developments which undermine or potentially undermine the capacity of Institutions to apply standards to themselves. In other words to bring about, you know to do the things that to reward the kind of work that needs to be rewarded in order for them to to do what they've been established to. Do. You know, what I'm getting at is so you know, what point do we say, you know? It doesn't matter that you're the brightest guy in the room the fact that you're white means that you you you shouldn't be in charge. Yeah this kind of thing. Yeah, even the fact that I would make that kind of statement in the minds of many people is not sound because there's no basis for making judgments even about things as objective really meaningful historically as mathematics as I wish. I was joking about right the past. Yeah, the mathematics and science. Yeah, so when you when we get to the point where you can't turn your light on? Yeah, and no one can fix your plumbing, you know, are we finally going to get to the place where we say? You know what this has been a stupid idea or do you really want to drive over a bridge now the put together by someone who doesn't believe masses objective. Did you liver a the bridge down in Florida? There was a there was a bridge of Florida. This is this going to make me The just well, I've already alienated every feminist in the world. But there was a there was a there was a woman who was a an engineer who constructed a pedestrian bridge somewhere in Florida and it collapsed and I can't remember but I think there were several people that were injured maybe even someone who died but it more or less came out that this was a you know, a kind of a feminist Theory bridge. I'm not in that joke Herring well What is it? I can't remember what the one that's out. Now that's old school feminism, you know the bridge of caring. Oh yes campus email, but the idea was that there was a certain set of values that have been objectified in the bridge. In other words found expression the bridge that were rooted in a kind of feminist ideology and we're not actually based on, you know, the kinds of standards that were normally applied to you know, work that you and I would do Well, if tonight one of these shows I'll bring this back up and I'll be able to tell people the date and the place and stuff like that. That's when that's somehow went past me. I didn't I haven't heard that one. Well, you're going to hear more about that kind of stuff because it's stuff like you just read. Yeah going on at Oxford in The Sciences. Yeah. So in other words, it's not enough that we have homosexuals in The Sciences, but they must be visible. Yes, and I must be be impacting The Interpreter you having privilege of her printer. Tation and again it just this is what happens when and it she puts it here in the same book out intersectional theology in relation of theology. Just listen how they work this her quote. In other words for most of Christian history straight white male theologians have spoken for everyone else but just say in the science for most of Western science straight white males have been practicing the Sciences, right? And so therefore the Sciences can't possibly benefit everyone. Cuz they're so biased towards straight white male Who and the next thing is as if they're theologies do not reflect the bias of their own social Privileges and power again. The presumption is is that's all that happens. We know it's interesting about this just as it occurs to me that in the ancient world, that would have been a demonstration of why I'm in charge. Yeah. In other words the God's favor straight white men. Yeah. Well, the in Providence would have been very sick. I'm not even thinking Christian terms. Yeah. I'm just thinking in terms of the ancient world. An ancient world they would have just said shut up. Yeah, it's true sit down. Yeah, I'm in charge for a reason. Yeah, you're right and it definitely would have been understood that way in power would have been understood in relationship to the one who takes charge. Which brings into question. How did this intersectionality thing ever occur? See I was setting this up for I know where you going. Yeah, but go ahead we're going to go to we're going to go to somebody who we are. All respect who is no longer with us. Yeah, Roger Scruton wrote a book with the the unprovoked of title of fools frauds and firebrands thinkers of the new left and in his introduction, he makes a couple of statements about what the left is. This is first of all, their program is built around two things. One of them is Liberation and one of them is social justice. Okay. So this is what he has to say about Liberation even those left Wingers who issued the liberation. Libertarianism of the 1960's regard Liberty is a form of release from social constraints much of their literature is devoted to deconstructing. Such institutions is the family the school the law and the nation state through which the inheritance of Western Civilization has been passed down to us this literature seen it as it at its most fertile in the writings of huko represents as quote structures of domination what other seem merely as instruments of civil order. Liberation of the victim is restless cause since new victims always appear Over the Horizon as the last ones Escape into the void case. That's Liberation. We talked about the difference between Liberty and license. This is license. It's not Liberty. Huh screaming continues likewise, the goal of social justice is no longer equality before the law or the equal claim to the rights of citizenship as these were advocated at the enlightenment. The goal is a comprehensive rearrangement of society. So that privilege is hierarchies. And even the unequal distribution of goods are either Overcomer challenged behind the goal of social justice their marches in other and more dogged egalitarian mentality, which believes that inequality in whatever sphere property leash. Leisure legal privilege social rank educational opportunities or whatever else we might wish for ourselves and our children is unjust until proven. Otherwise in every sphere in which the social position of individuals might be compared equality is the default position. Okay. So that's how it starts. It starts with this idea that number one. We need to be liberated from any kind of constraints that have been placed on us and further. Under any circumstances equality of outcome has to be the result because you see for example, since all struck family structures are equivalent. If there is a disparity in the way in the outcomes from different family structures that must be the result of Oppression. Yeah, which is total nonsense. Yeah. It just may be the result of the fact that your family Jurors in it not in the core with the nature of things which gives us back to what we were talking about earlier about nature about Transcendence. So what we're dealing with is a sort of sneaky metaphysic that has a way of sort of insinuating itself or sort of working itself into our theologies into our sort of way of looking at the world that actually uses something from Christianity. And that's what I was getting at in is something from Christianity as its wedge. Yeah, so I noted earlier a few moments. Segoe and Meshach some folks that in the ancient world the patriarch what is said in that you that you're right? I am the most powerful person in the room and that's because Jesus has determined that I am in charge and if you don't shut up, you're dead. Yeah, you know through so that's been the, you know the case for a lot of human history. Then we have the Lord Jesus Christ who comes into the world from outside and reveals to us the fundamental structure of Reality, none of my aliens sort of imposition heteronomous sort of think and in the proper way of thinking but it actually a revelation of the divine order and the way things are and the fact that that, you know in his kingdom that you know, the Lord washes the feet of his disciples. Now, what's interesting is when he gets up from, you know, washing their feet. He says you call me Lord and Teacher and then he says, you know what? That's not politically correct. I'm not exactly your Lord. I'm just like you guys we're buddies were just you know, it's all now. It's like let's have a group hug. None of that and he says and you're right. I am I am the Lord and if I've done this for you then who are you to say I'd it doesn't apply to me. So he's actually using his authority to so the so hierarchy and Authority are Used to is a means by which to introduce the dignity and humanity and the and the and the recognition of the image of God in everybody around you. So yes, you know, there is something that you do is that is leveling, but it's all based upon the fact that there's there's some Transcendent source for our identity as you know, maybe Beings human beings and made in the image of God and I think that's presuppose or that sort of like kind of present in that whole that whole teaching of Jesus. And yeah, and I think what gets you know, what gets off. So Unleashed there is the you know, as has Christ introduces the Dignity of humans made in the image of God, wherever they fall in the social arrangement. What is also happening is the for Christians call to Conformity to Christ. Is this way of relating to the gift character of all so he'll know, you know, they'll be talked of well, whether you're the master or the slave treat each other with a certain kind of dignity. That doesn't lose hold of that. It doesn't say okay just throw everything to come and cause you know, a communist Utopia and and everyone basically quality outcome know, No, it recognizes that the social order is going to go through fluctuations and Tool until the finality of the Kingdom. But when you also set you agree that there's a distribution of gifts that son even well that yeah, that was the other part is the gift character also recognizes the difference is of gift. I've known some people in my life that are just so amazingly gifted. Yeah, look I wherever they walk into the room and everybody just sort of like says wow, I you know, I got one of my nice Second things in life is a been music and guitar and I've had certain gift with the instrument that I clearly don't have the gift that many many other people from every socio-economic rate every every kind of a cramp and I don't have it. And nor am I sitting here thinking I'm depressed because I don't have I'm actually blessed by them having it because I learned something that's what they missing something and that giving me something if this is where the nonzero-sum game is that giving me something shapes and orient's what I what gives I do have and that because I had something that I offered to someone else who and so it's a see what happens is in intersectionality is steeped utilitarianism. Oh, yeah, and it's an adversarial utility. Is it is that's right. So the utility is something is basically the power is always only used for the privilege of the one who exercises their gift, you know, or capacities or everything else. So in other words, you have to almost suffocate your gift. You happen to have advantages of anyone else. So it eliminates culture in the long run. Well, that's the problem. Yes. That's that to me is the big fear. Yeah. That's the thing. It makes me uneasy deeply uneasy is that we are at a point now where places like Oxford maybe saying, you know, what you don't need to read The Iliad you don't need to read the Odyssey are actually doing that in the classics Department. That's it. And this is what which is what is this is this is where it's getting. Yeah, and this is my you know, I didn't work there back when you had to do work there, you know nowadays now, here's here's another thing now. There is the embarrassment of the fact that there are many cultures in the world who have not been able to produce the same levels of art art or science that other places have it's just simply the way it is. Yeah now we can play a little game but we have a make-believe time or we you know, I think where we create theories of, you know history or false histories that help to explain all this but we still have to the reality on the ground and and be you know, and it's unit itself. So, you know, there's there is a think of presumptuousness going on in this debt that goes on with typical Enlightenment and post-enlightenment Visions is that it sort of is working as if it has a comprehensive reality understanding that it doesn't have access to we don't know the significance of certain things even in the created order. I mean think of the worm whose whole existence is basically to crawl across the road. Okay. Does that lose the fact that that's its whole existence does that lose its dignity as a creation of God merely because it's whole existence is just to live in a dark cave and never come out and whatever that is and I don't think that it does. I think what it is is we don't have the antenna to understand. The profundity of what that gift is Within the play Within the whole in within the whole within the whole and the gift-giving and a lot of times we didn't understand that the in a lot of times we always look we look at death under the under the whole notion of sin and and its consequences, but we don't often understand that there is a profundity of even in the created order after the fall that our death still are contributing back to the hole. When we go we leave things behind that other things live off of for a small amount, but we let me just introduce another sort of sort of thread into this Envy. Yes now, I think that Envy is is Mike my think my belief. My conviction is empty is the most destructive of the passions. I've seen it work in families. I mean I've conducted about 80 funerals. I've seen end of life situations that are just ugly ugly ugly and it always comes down to favoritism and envy yeah between siblings between you know different people. I'm going to do the ceiling to do this without express myself. I'm okay for now. Now we're seeing this at a we've seen this at you know, social are at the societal level with different countries in the world The Killing Fields the cultural revolution, you know, it's always the left we see the particular kind of thing. Now now we do have you know the exam by the way just as a quick note the Nazis were left with yes. Let's be clear here sounds right. Yeah, they read their marks with appreciation. And I remember I read a book entitled dedication and Leadership. Every form of marxist and in that book, I think it was that book. He noted that that the fascists and the Communists regularly recruited from each other, right? It was there was a it was a very easy transition the difference between Hitler and the Communists as Hitler was a nationalist the Communists or internationalists. That's really the statistics of it. Right? So anyway, the thing I fear is a loss of Standards a loss of values. You and I kind of War of all against all thank you, which is unable to produce a culture that's worth living in. That's my that's my great fear. So, you know, it's these people build nothing. They build nothing. I've never met a never met a businessman or woman who said, you know what I built my business on intersectionality or Marxist theory or anything like that. And that's because again, this is something screwed and points out. That's because they all they don't deal with the concrete. They don't deal with the individual. They just deal with abstractions with Concepts like power relationships and things like that. They don't really deal with anything that you can put your hands on that you can touch that you can build that you can work with and they're completely wrong headed. I mean, I remember Tom Soul had this this, you know, I think it was in his one of his one of his many excellent works. I don't think it was called. What was it called black rednecks and white liberals or something very yeah, very telling title. But one of the things he talked about is the way for example in some of the most real oppressed conditions of the South and the u.s. When genuine, you know, racial maltreatment was very much enforcement in action within that very set of tough circumstances and challenges. You've had it would African-American Community especially the male Community you had some of the best road builders in the history of the country. And so what ended up having to happen is especially as things started to change is people who needed roads built had to have business dealings with people who built them better than everyone else. It wasn't a zero-sum game. So these African Americans who had been been marginalized and every other way, they got to pick their price and they actually form business relationships and positive relationships with each other change the fabric of business relationship and great roads were built because this capacity and gift was allowed to do it. It did it. Did it better than everyone else even under the conditions of what people would say marginalize them from being able to well the exercise. Well that one of the things about Road billions is hard hard work and you see the Anything today with a lot of immigrants coming to the country who are doing really the mud the very difficult work willing to do hard thing when I kind of think. Can I sure quote Carol Swain? Who's in African-American? Oh, yeah. I know stressor. Yeah, she wrote an article on intersectionality and I'm not going to read most of it, but I want to just read the last paragraph and I think speaks to what you're saying. Excuse me. I speak from a personal perspective by the way, great line to use an intersection. Alexander's all about perspective very good. I speak from a personal perspective is someone who has watched the changes from any Vantage points. It changes in culture. I reached my formative years before critical race Theory and cultural Marxism gained a dominant foothold even though I was born and grew up in rural Southern Poverty during the era of segregation. I was not taught to hate white people or to hate America instead. My black teachers stressed our need to work hard and Excel I grew up to be a proud. Eric and who never doubted she lived in the greatest country in the world? No one around me encouraged me to see myself as a victim. I never fixated on the pack on the fact that I was black or and female had I done so I doubt I would have achieved anything. Okay. So what you're looking at here is a generation of people who taught their kids that you know, okay. Yeah, we may be we may have have problems here, but you still have to work hard. You still. Have to apply yourself. You still have to learn and if you do that you can do anything. Yeah, or if not anything at least you can you can achieve some things, right? Yeah. And the reason I bring that up is because I do think sort of in sort of in the background is sort of the the problem of appearances. Let me explain what I mean. We have an ethos which you know says you can be anything you want to be when you grow up. Well if I'm like, I don't know like if I'm like You know a midget. I'm not going to play in the NBA, you know, I mean, it's really not in the realm of possibility. Now, there are some freaky people in the history of the NBA who were just you know, Muggsy Bogues and stuff like that guys like that who were short but had incredible athleticism but interestingly before you finish intersectionality and this vision would basically almost be that everyone needs to basically play on their knees if it's the case. That's right. That's right that it's pretty much ink. That's right. So So what you end up here? Well, it's gets us gives us to oh, what's that Harrison Bergeron where Harrison Bergeron you familiar with the story of Harrison Bergeron. Oh, who was it? Who wrote that? Anyways, it was the Bell but I can't pull it out Kurt Vonnegut Kurt Vonnegut. So let me tell the story now that I brought it. I have to tell the story right? So it's a short story. It basically goes like this Harrison Bergeron is the most talented. Good-looking strongest man in the world. He's Public Enemy Number One, simply because of his natural giftedness. Yeah, so he so what they've done is they've created a society they've attended to to, you know, add to you know, our Bill of Rights in the list of amendments all these different things and now it's mandatory that we're all equal. So that means of course that highly intelligent people have to be brought down to the as low as possible so that people who have no ability. Bility or can't be helped to achieve, you know won't be at a disadvantage Harrison Bergeron has an IQ of 200. He's like six foot four. He's incredibly good-looking. He's incredibly muscular. He's incredibly so he's in prison. Obviously, he's forced to wear like a clown outfit with a rubber nose, and he's forced to wear these headphones which which every like five seconds send signals through his brain. To disrupt his thoughts of the you can't think you can't string together. And anyway, he breaks out he breaks out and he finds his way to the public television station or to a television station where this really horrendous ballet is going on where people are are dancing with these weights these lead weights on their on their waists and their feet so that they can't be too graceful and he rips off the the earphones and rips off all the stuff and he says I am Harrison Bergeron. I am emperor of the world. World and at that point he shot. There's a Diana Moon glampers, who is the handicapper General has got a shotgun and you know, just the way she's described that she's that she's a dyke and she just won't go away. That's the Power Balance and right but here is in the Bergeron is a story that that's basically the obscenity the Intersectionality sort of played out in a what it was a humorous story. But at the end, I believe at the end of his life if I can't give you a timer day or that it's I remember hearing that that Vonnegut said something to the effect that I thought. It was a story. Yeah. I thought that I was just having a little fun interesting night is a lot there. I'm going to take out a small different direction only because it just came to mind something that a lot of people may not realize nature would have had a field day with this because he would have seen this basically as a bunch of people trying to steal something from Christianity have no legitimate claim to Nietzsche play no games with if you want to bite the nominalist, you know Vision, then you need to go where it ends up and you can't end up with this half-baked humanism and Justice and fairness in a world in which there isn't a shred of reality of a judge. That's what I was getting at rather. Yeah, they say stolen the Christian Vision dammit. That's right. And so what we have here in nature tells the story this way he was angry at Christianity because it produced what he basically called the slave revolt it dignified the marginalized it dignified those who had no power. It's saw the image of God and all those who were what you know, the rest of the world called wheat, so in this sense intersection I wants to pick up Up on that and bring that into another thing. The problem is it doesn't take the real Christian doctrine of humanity with it North the Redemptive Vision or the vision of creation and created moral order. It's a almost of Gnostic interpretation of it and it don't have time to get into that. But when it ends up happening is they want us to apply issues like terms like justice and human dignity, but they don't have the theological fabric under it for us to do it it only If Christianity is Janet is the genuine article if it is, it's been any talk of this kind of stuff doesn't matter anyway, but the minute you get into understanding creation created more order and Redemption their Vision Falls flat. And so what they basically want to do is is use the Christian Dignity of all human beings in its in Morality In order to shame what what Nietzsche calls the the strongest in. Society and so it basically is the slow down the strongest in society a stop their evolutionary progress by basically guilt conscious thing. That's what Nature Calls it. So you play to the guilt of the strongest and what that does is it allows for the strongest to identify now with the weakest and allows the weakest to advance and power strength and it is built steep steep in an evolutionary vision of power, right? And so but it's reinterpreted Christianity through an evolutionary model of power. Right the one who has the power to survive and determine its own existence. So the strongest has to take the back seat the intersectionally marginalized. It's the take the front sheet and now it can without the sphere of the strongest determining its Evolution. It's allowed to drive its own evolutionary shift and Nietzsche said nonsense. What the real what what is going to result from this is the Uber match is going to rise and this is what we've always talked about kind of the dark web world in the alternative and that's that's where I was going to go it is what intersectionality does is it in nature of all people prophetically, so it creates the very conditions for the reaction of the group of people who don't care about anything to do with genuine Christian Justice and what they're going to look at is this as a threat to their evolutionary survival and they're going to come after in this group with all of their power to eliminate it and they know how to do it they know how to do it and they will do it and they're ready to do it they've also has been ready so there's some a guy that I know through Facebook who's a remarkable guy Mark Mac Jung hee hee I'll take cider yeah they got it here so I'll go with that and I got one Stout in the but one of the things that he appoint I've seen him make multiple times is that when you look at the Hard left and hard right the difference between the two when it comes to violence isn't that one violent in the other isn't they're both violent but what he calls The Savage right the difference between them is that is quantity versus quality the hard left engages in Eating and things like that on a large scale. They get the quantity award when the hard right the blows The Savage right is he calls it when they go they have the knowledge and the skills to produce a massive body count. Well, I remember the courthouse in Oklahoma the Oklahoma City. Yeah. The bombing in Oklahoma city is that that's what the Savage right does and what the intersectionality people don't get is that for most of us were basically decent people we may disagree with them. But we're not going to go blowing up buildings. But what they're doing is they're creating the conditions where people aren't it's Egypt where people who aren't quite but it's going to do it but this gives me back a little bit to the soul may sort of discussion of ability Timothy McVeigh. He was the guy right? Yeah. So what you had here is a guy who is able to study chemistry able to sort of sort of do the research that was required to understand. The explosive power of manure. Yeah. So yeah, so, you know, there is nobody that I've ever come across in the women's, you know studies Department that gives me any fear and at any level at all when it comes to that sort of thing. These are people who nicked, you know, and frankly the bitch. That's all they know how to do and I I like Timothy McVeigh is on the internet saying wow, you can do that with the fertilizer that could blow up an entire city block. I could I could make one of those my garage and he did instead of when somebody what you going to do. You're going to Outlaw fertilizer. And when the symbolism gets to wear. This is what I'm talking about what nature was talking about with the with the survival of the fittest when when within that within that understanding of the world when a group is feeling threatened, Blamed for everything it is only a couple of steps before when because these people are not going to grant you your butt but she's monistic but this is me back to my point ability is real. Yeah. It's not socially constructed. There are some people who are more capable than other people. Now those people can be either challenge to bring those abilities into the service of the week and their neighbors. But yeah, or they can just be allowed to do whatever they please with it. And then there's a third option which is this this is the kind of like, well I'm going to I just don't care about you people, you know, the thing that really strikes me about this in a lot of ways is let's go to your real hardcore racists. Let's go with some Mike and Adolf Hitler Hitler is point was that one of the things that drove Hitler was? Idea that the well this pseudo-scientific anthropology that said that the Aryans were the most evolved perfect humans and all that sort of thing. Okay, but leaving that aside see what cset claimed was going on is that the other inferior races out of anger at or jealousy of the German race the Aryan race were trying to deprive them of their rights. Trying to suppress them and ultimately trying to destroy them. Yes, and if you if you think even something close to that and look at intersectionality, what's your reaction due to be sure and couple who he was very versed in each and they understood that it was Judaism and by Judaism Christianity to introduce at this kind of sinister plot to stop the progress of the the strongest by guilting it into and so it's saw in a Negative light Jews and Judaism as part of that which was uh, trying to undermine the in in in in a sense because there is a genuine way in which theology does undermine worldly power and and its association with this kind of power associated with Darwinism and it does it is a threat to that but it's a threat to it not in a way that hinders the actual development of actually Foster's in the kingdom of God. It's a whole different thing, but me I guess so. Yeah. I know we're getting kind of to the point where we ought to start read what not. But wait, there's an important point to be made here. Yeah what the intersectionality people are doing in a nutshell is they're fulfilling Hitler's paranoia. Yeah, but yeah, and I think the thing that that when we get back one of the one of the things that's a question this bag I question his faith with regard to intersectionality is the question of Justice. What is justice. So Justice is presumed to be an absolute even distribution of grades. fan rewards regardless of ability from each according to his ability to each according to his need and you know we know where that comes from that is may not be expressed that way but that's the Assumption underlying on this but there is a different kind of Injustice there's the Injustice that if it fails to be to give reward for just dessert so let's so let's just let's just play a little as this be my last thing a little thought Paramount okay we're going to have tug-of-war we're going to have and this tug-of-war is just for fun we're going to take half of the campground and put them over here and half the camp ground up and go over there and we're going to string a you know a rope between the tube and on the group on the left you're right there's a 400-pound man who is a world you know strongman competitor and wouldn't you know that's the team that wins and as the reward you know for the for winning the each get a ten dollar prize each each of the 30 people who were involved in the tug-of-war team that one gets that prize including the guy who arguably is worth 20 people who single-handedly actually one that's right that's right now you might be able to get away with that once you might be able to get away with it twice but the third time what's going to happen the guys going to say either I get more or I don't play that's the world were creating where we're the truly able are going to say if I don't get more I don't play I push runt that's right I'm just heading up into the woods I'm going to live all by myself in a cabin I can do that I'm a man who was at a kill things a man who knows how to build a cabin I don't need you people in fact I'd rather live in the quiet of the woods but have to put up with you yeah goodbye yeah and if you don't leave me alone you're going to be hurt I do know how to kill fast oh that's that's right what's interesting in doing scripture had two different episodes and the one you have Christ before Pontius Pilate and I always baffled by the profundities going on there but but you know and then you have this literal statement don't you know that I have the power to crucify you right I am in this most privileged place to execute Justice don't you realize who you're talking to and and Away interesting Lee Jesus and don't you realize who you're talking to I am not in the place that you are in terms of human conditions at this mountain but ontologically I am in a position in which do you know who you're talking to it's funny that conscious Pilots finds is named into decreed I had that's another message passing but the other thing is that you don't have any power over me and less my father in is granted and so there is many cases in which we have orders of power both in a sinful Fallen World in one being being stored in redeemed in which I simply don't have myself as a human being control over what the Sovereign Lord does and has ordered it in such a way that that is not outside of the Sovereign purposes of God and and and for my own good and so what may look like marginalization and marginalization and exclusion even though it doesn't mean we don't fight for justice in all these things in the right understanding of these things but it's also the conditions for the very way in which God is soul making so that I am actually formed into who God has created me to be I think of the limits on my life in terms of power as the very things that have shaped me to be The soul that I am and so if everyone has sheer access and you flatten out anything that is different you you aren't first of all you want promoting diversity has they liked it? But secondly you're losing all of the gifts of qualification that are required to become what we're creating today and God's purposes in the world, but on the other side, here's another story. What about the owner who hires the person early in the day and says look you work Mile and I'm going to pay you 30 bucks. you work the whole day well at the end of the day find someone else who needs to kind of finish the jobs as you know what if you come here and work for a half hour I'm gonna pay you 30 bucks the other guys have whoa whoa wait this is unjust how dare you you're here privilege in a this person's only work in a half hour I've worked all day and responses you're not Lord of this domain this isn't yours to decide what to do with and how it works out the key is both people are blessed and offered something and they are offered a place in something that is a beautiful thing if the only thing you can see is what you get for yourself in this you're missing the picture this is this is it's a whole different way of point I'm with you a hundred percent with that but remember the horse yeah in Animal Farm yeah that's what I was getting at ya see that that point you made is absolutely right but often there is a failure to recognize unequal contributions yeah so if you remember Animal Farm yeah and of course believes in the in the vision of the of the pigs yeah yeah and he works himself debt into to death and no one else in the farm is able to produce at the level that he's able to produce yeah but there's no sense in which any of his contribution is recognized except at a actually the other people who are working alongside him did ya see but this is the kind of reality that intersectionality of skewers it's an idea lot it's an ideological Outlook which has a way of filtering out elements of reality that don't sort of find ways of fitting in yeah through it yeah nice so anything you want to say is we conclude their glass yeah well my main concern with all of this is really within the church yeah the fact that there are so so many groups so many seminaries so many formerly solidly biblical of angelical type organizations that are buying into intersectionality not as a as a as a tool as a critical tool to analyze the culture and to respond to it if you if you use intersectionalities a critical tool what you are doing is you are adopting a whole set of Jen non-biblical assumptions that are essential if intersectionality is actually true and useful and there are so many groups that are doing this right now. They're just sort of buying onto a major big deal Lie from the secular society. We have the resources to deal with these problems within the Christian tradition. We don't need ideas drawn from critical theory Marxism post-modernism. All of these things which are really at the root of what's going on within within the intersectionality thing. It is just a it is a disastrous any thoughts of how much we're making plans plan earlier. Is this a you know, in a sense if it's specially in relation to the church, if you're if you've already bought into the this worldly becoming the most significant and basically eternity is Similarly extension of merely this worldliness you basically have a naturalism and an exclusive humanism. And therefore this kind of project makes sense. If you with that you have to bury the whole Christian transcend transcendental Vision in order for this to kind of have any kind of claim whatsoever. We can spell that out at a different time, but I really think that if the whole game is To gain this world then this makes sense. If the game is to give up all and follow Christ and this just doesn't make sense at all. Because the whole point is you are leaving behind your claim on this worldliness. And therefore you are taking on a whole different relationship to power that doesn't exclude the other things the talking about there are different gifts different abilities that are going to execute themselves and benefit and those are what Called blessings even on the unrighteous you have those that have been blessed with great talents that that are gifts from God and they get to participate in those in ways. We get a benefit from but we don't get to share and it's not wrong that they have that in this was my point about the field. It's that you know where ever I came into the picture. I was giving the blessing for what it is that I'm to do, you know, let me throw one more thing and let me let me just ask a question. Let's assume. Tackle theory is correct and fundamentally. The only reality that we have access to is power. Why would anyone want to give that up? Sure here you are somebody with power. Why wouldn't you want to hold onto it? And what would be wrong with you wanting to do it their entire assumption here is a formula for essentially Civil War. do it demonstrates the naivete of many of these rightful that they just most of the people have ever come across who really embraced this stuff wholeheartedly or not really bright I've never really impressed with their intelligence and the way they've absorbed basically what we talked about earlier is is nominal istic notion that power defines gaiety and defines humanity and of course imbibe that from the culture they've never tried gonna be even if it doesn't know those the debate that's right I think they just could they just assume that's kind of the way things work yeah anyway on that happy thought why we wrap it up we're actually a little longer than we normally go but thank you very much for listening to the theology podcast we really do appreciate your interest and support and by the way when it comes to support you can become a member of cross politic the fight left Beast Network and if you do that you have the ability to designate the theology Is your favorite show and then you do that we get some remuneration that helps us reduce the show. But anyway, that's it for that. Thanks a lot, bye-bye now.