Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides.You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis. What I would be answering is can be attended. Can you and me at and Hot Yoga programs even before we have attended inner engineering so why I am doing this series of podcasts audio is because I get a lot of same to same questions and I thought if I just put out one podcast or one video or one sec Gramps, Then I can just forward it and Kristen is answered. Similarly. Even if you are a niche a meditator, you will also be getting a lot of queries regarding and if you're posting on social media, you might also get similar queries. So you can also easily share the link of this podcast with them. So going directly into it. One of them one of the queries that I get the most is can I do a hot yoga program even before inner engineering? Yes, you can do hot yoga programs even before inner engineering you can do yoga's in a suit. McCrea angmar Donna I care practices shenmue emoti. I do not know Sean Moody motorized the one for I think Beauty I do not know much about it, but I think you can do it because I saw the same being taught in the classical yoga workshop and a lot of participants have not gone through inner engineering and that in the classical yoga was show Workshop initially Yoga Center during Maha shivarathri, so so yes, definitely you can I would personally recommend both the shootie and Agra Martina for the ladies because these are two powerful practices that will help with your mental problems. Like PMS pmdd pcod Etc. I have read satguru talked about this in an article of how Hot Yoga practices are very important for women guys. It is important for us. Also. I am also restarted my practices and I feel so energetic so my body feels so much in my control. So definitely do your hot. Yoga No, my purse. Final opinion. This is just my personal opinion. Nothing to do with each other. Just my personal opinion is it is better to do hot yoga after inner engineering why it is because inner engineering is a program which gives a lot of control of our mind because likes of Guru says today is the age that most people have lost it in their mind. Like, I don't know. I'm ready to her. I've seen it in one video. I said Cruces voice teaching inner engineering so much is hundred years before people. Not have so much kind of mental health issue, so they could directly to the asanas and posters but now people are so screwed up including me that a certain level of calmness should come in the mine before they can actually sit in some kind of a sinner. So I would personally recommend someone to attend if possible to attend the inner engineering program first and then go for the hot yoga programs, but it is just my personal opinion. You can directly go for the fish Hot Yoga programs and how to find this hot yoga program. It's very Very simple download the sadhguru app sa D HG you are you saguru app on Android and iOS, and you can set your city in it under the yoga there. Is this a tap of by the name yoga? Click it under that upcoming in upcoming choose your country your city and all the centers near your area will be there in that and all the programs check the program check the fee cost and put if It will register for it and attended it's as simple as that guys satguru app. That is the one stop destination for all of us. So yes. Yep, that's it. So, I hope I answered your query and since it's a podcast and a lot of people are listening. We can talk a lot more like I recently bought the death book. I haven't opened it. I actually haven't opened it because I've been reading this book by Osho and it Very good. I love this autobiography and it's called learning of an incorrect Mystic something like that of such a bad memory and this is so unbelievable. You know, I haven't even heard. I hadn't heard of Osho. I just read one of his book moral immoral and immoral and I still remember when I bought that book. I was like, what the hell is this? What nonsense is this guy writing? This is just a stupid book, but now that I am I follow satguru. Have been doing the sadhna. I have had a lot of experiences in my own life. You know now it is so effortless for me to read those shows book like whatever OSHA says in his books. I'm like, this is the same thing. This is so true. This is exact same thing and I understand how privileged I am to have such great as my Guru I bow down to all the people who went to a show at that time and I think what's up crew is doing in is so much significant. Like if I had borne like 30 years ago, I would definitely have gone to our show because he definitely was a realized master in my opinion. It's just my opinion you do not need to have my opinion, but I can just you know, there is The one thing that connected me with sadhguru and his books were like when said grew say something. I know that this is the truth that this is it there is nothing more. This is it this is someone who has a realized it now when I read all shows books, it's the same thing. I know this is the person he was a master and its exact same thing. So definitely Masters have existed at all times. So whether we are willing to you know, try this out on August the old early Christian. So like I said, I was not so much in acceptance of Osho and odd but still I was willing to read book by Yogananda param some then I ordered the Korea like yoga in the parameters is it's a book by autobiography of a yogi is one book that touched me a lot and then I subscribe to his newsletters and I received this book would like with some Preparatory practices, which I needed to do before getting initiated into their kriya yoga, but somehow I was not able to get through with it, but That is the book that made me realize that there is something more to this that yoga spirituality does not just mumbo-jumbo, but there is a powerful tool because in order to realize Masters whose books I have read the endpoint is the say they all talk about meditation. So for me to understand whether a master is genuine or not not genuine or not more like whether I as a common man can use it or not. I just need to look whether he talks about meditation if meditation is something Thing that lies at the core of their teachings their philosophies or anything then I feel it is totally genuine. Like even if it is not genuine what I would tell you guys is Whether it's Recreation group, whether it's osho's ashram whether it's a gruesome. Or whoever it is just go and try it out seek seek be seeking neither believe any of them. Neither disbelieve. Any one of them. Are you willing to seek like who is gonna no one is going to steal your kick me or anything. You can just go there and see what is it that they're doing. And if you feel that this is a scam if it is not for you just leave the place known as going to stop you, but do not stop yourself from doing it. Most people say I have a job. I have my family. The thing that you know you and me need to realize is now just right now if we disappear nothing is going to matter. Nothing is going to matter maybe for a few days people around us will cry, but then also they will lead Our Lives if you feel this is not true go go to a place where someone has died, you know go for a week there go for a month continuously. First day people will be crying second day people will be crying the daily less after one week just a morning after one month. Life just go on life just goes on and that's how it is. And that's how it has to be. So, you know explore this such a huge potential such a huge opportunity, you know has been given to you that this is the era of social media and a Mystic is someone who is contemporary like someone who gives tools so see if someone like that is giving a tool which you can use if you feel it's a teaching it's a philosophy then then definitely we can't use teachings and philosophies. But if it's a tool definitely we can use it and what's the harm in getting attitude? So see if someone is offering a tool like this and if someone is offering it, why don't you just go and try it out? So yes, I think the podcast is Not long because podcast can be long. That's why I use this medium and I hope you guys are having a great day. If you're driving drive safely. If you are cooking cook safely if you're taking a bath. Don't take much so long keep it short. So hope you guys have a great time namaskar. Mmm.