Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to getStarted let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man everything in YG's great show, bro. Keep it up. All right, what's going on? Everyone Rob with everything nyg here back for episode for today? I have a special guest with me from Pro Football Focus. It's senior writer Ben. Lindzi Ben. Thank you for being here. How you doing man? Good man. How are you? I'm good. I'm hanging in there. You could be here and answer some questions. I know a lot of people some fans have a flawed opinion on PFF right now, especially with the Giants and I personally always been one that really endorses you guys in like your opinion. So I kind of want to ask you a few things and kind of See if it lines up with what I'm thinking and what everyone else thinks. Are you? Okay? Perfect. So to start it out my first question with you. I kind of want to ask about just the Giants as a whole so to your knowledge based off the grading and just based off of in general. Where do you think their biggest position of need is so I think couple areas right now Edge Edge rusher is a big one, especially they don't really have anyone proven with Marcus goal and hitting free agency. They have a pretty stacked interior defensive line with Tomlinson Lawrence and BJ Hill all of those guys graded. Well top 20 interior Defenders by PFF grade, but they could use someone off the edge and then just sticking with the defense. I think I mean linebacker cornerback, they could really use help in a lot of spots that good. Yeah. That's that's kind of what everyone's saying. We're saying the same thing is, you know, we have all these interior run stuffers we have as I mean is you said based off your guys's grades and just you know, football knowledge are incredible interior D line is there you know, I mean, we just have nobody to run it past her and I mean decks and even even with even with those guys. It's like all of them are run first sort of right exactly even underlined still. Yeah, you know, they're all run first. We have nobody to rush the passer and I think that's been our biggest issue and like you said Marcus gold is going to be hitting free agency and based off of what I've told I had Whispers on it today. I'm trying to get it confirmed but Apparently a deal is in place for Leonard Williams with the Giants but they don't want to do it for the start of free agency because if we do it when it opens that pic with the Jets goes from 1/4 to a v CB but even then he's not really a pass rusher in my opinion. Yes. Oh, I don't know. He's a I mean, he's a he's an adequate pass rusher but even him he's wrong first. He's a really good run stopper exactly average to a little bit above average pass rusher exactly. So that was my main thing with that d-line. I mean I wanted to know like I said, we're your biggest His position he doesn't it kind of aligns with me. And I know the rest of the Giants Nation feels the same way. I think deal aren't is our D line is our least priority outside of a pass rusher but our linebackers and DBS are horrible really bad. So that's really all I want to know their I wanted to know kind of how you align with me, but I think a big question that I continue to get and that I want to ask you personally. I don't know if you have grades or whatever it may be the offensive line did get them in claimed. How big how bad he wanted hog? Molly's on there how much he wanted the o-line to improve and I Took the bait. It looked like you got a lot better to me. I mean, my main question is I want to know about will Hernandez zeidler. Did anyone's grades get better throughout the year. Especially Nate Solder or did they all just get worse? Yeah. So I guys like solder and Hernandez it your grades actually sort of trailed off at the end of the year Frodo got worse. Yeah got worse as the year progressed Hernandez, especially he was his rookie year was promising last year, but then Any 19 is grade drop to 58.6 27th out of 39 qualifying left guards. And the big thing was run blocking sort of took a step back as a run blocker grade-wise. That was idler. Yeah. Yeah, it was rough and it was it was sort of surprised. I was either graded. Well throughout the year and in the year with a 76.4 grade 4th at Right Guard there so he's always been one of the better pass protecting. In the league solid run bloggers as well. So he's definitely the bright spot on that line. Oh, yeah kind of from what I'm seeing based off of, you know, kind of how it with how you guys grade and such. I'm kind of starting to see that anything above a 70 is pretty good right? I'm assuming yeah on the especially on the offensive line here your offensive lineman their grades to be a little bit lower. So something like seventy six point four is actually I mean you look at that and you're like that's a seat. Right? Right, but it's not really The case it's one of the better marks week. Yeah, I mean there's only a few guys in the league that are being like the 90s or such and I'm assuming like quitting Nelson is one of the yeah. Yeah, Zack Martin, there's sort of guys that you think of at the top there. Well there, you know on that front and like I said, I kind of saw that with little Hernandez, you know, but at the beginning of the year end of the year last year going into this year me amongst everyone else. I met him at the at the Pro Bowl not at the Pro Bowl, excuse me, the Senior Bowl and Everyone really liked his rookie year man. He played great and like you said he tailed off going into this year. I don't really know why I mean he got better pieces around him and his run blocking was the thing. He was very good at and to say it to see that that tailed off as concerning. I don't really know why and Nate Solder as a whole is just he's bad. He's really bad. Yeah. I mean, I'm sure it's also there's also a level of so last year was one of the worst years of his career 64.7% And Grady finished 24th at left tackle and I think part of it is just the contract right if you're comparing production to what you're paying them is just it's always going to be disappointing. Yeah. I mean if you're saying you when you say 29th out of what twenty twenty fourth twenty four, so there's 24 other left tackles in the league that are getting paid not even a fraction of what he's getting paid for that production. So, I mean, I've always kind of been the type that I would rather get a guy that's not proven and work for a contract instead of someone that's you know, Proved himself and getting paid like that, and I think that's a big piece of it man. I feel like he's proven what he needed to prove and now he's just keep himself healthy. So if it's right, you know on the other side of the offensive line at the right tackle spot. I know people would kill me if I didn't ask you this. I don't know if you guys haven't I know he didn't play a lot. If you don't it's no big deal, but if you have any stats on Nick Gates, he played right tackle for us. He filled in and everyone really loved this guy now keep in mind. Our offensive line is horrible, so he stood out, but if you have any info on him, please let me know. Yeah, so he ended the year seventy five point one grade, which is a pretty solid but it was actually only 66.5 it right tackle since he played so few snaps that game he played at right guard against the Dolphins. That was his best game it sort of bump that up but still I mean that's still a solid market for a guy with low expectations coming in. Yeah, because I mean as far as I know based off of you know, I recently as of routes that might be working with you I've been accepted into pfff. Working with them and learning the system and trying to try to understand it more as far as I know based off a game in and game out. You guys do like a plus 3 minus 2 basically in your grading something like that, right? And then yeah, so it's like the grading scale is basically works you look at it play-by-play and a player can get anywhere from negative 2 to positive 2, right? So if the Right Guard comes around get to reach block, that would be like a plus one. That difficult block that they aren't really expected to do they move the defender of the whole things like that and those add up to a plus minus grade for the game and then that gets normalized to the 0 to 100 scale. Okay. Got you in the nose basically add up every week, you know for better yet worse. Yeah. Gotcha. Okay. Well, I mean, like I said, I'm happy to hear about Nick Gates. I mean there's a lot of people, you know, my main target free agency is going to be Jack Conklin. That's just I mean, I know you guys haven't graded well throughout his career. Yes in general. I He's one of the better tackles in the league and there's a lot of guys who prefer to start negates over going after him and and I don't think that's justifiable. But I mean to see the he graded. Well that guard if shit really hits the fan we can throw him in there and it's nice to know you can play tackle to decently. Yeah. So rotational piece definitely look good. It's valuable, you know, I mean, especially because we have no Center. Yeah, and I think my last question as far as the offensive line, we have a guy by the name of John jalapeño. He was our Center he would he played in Then he went out he played and he went out. How is he? I know last year. He graded better. I know you're not going to have a lot in him this year has he always kind of been a middle of the pack kind of guy or has he had two years where he stood out so last last year. It was pretty rough and of the year with a 56.3 grade which was 34th out a 37 qualifying centers the not not great. You definitely look at the upgrade there. Wow over the course of his career looking at it right now is best year came. I mean 2018. He only played a hundred sixteen staffs, but he graded out pretty well. I think just in general you're probably looking to upgrade its inner. Yeah as a whole and I saw Graham Glasgow sitting there. So that's the best option and fridge. Yeah, Connor McGovern also makes a little bit. Yeah. Last year was his first year full-time starter and they got Mike Munchak and they're one of the better offensive line coaches in the league. He sort of had a career year. We'd himself up so it could be a good option. Yeah, that's what I you know, honestly. The center position is kind of weird this year. But those are the two names to look at. I just I don't Dave got them. It's more of a guy that he likes to go and draft them instead of sign them. So it wouldn't surprise me if we didn't even make a call on Conklin, but we should I mean I'll leave you alone on the offensive line. Now as we can tell it's really bad. It's very up and down its we have nobody there except for you. Got you got stylish though. Yeah, and we have zidler thank God. Those are great trade man. This is more of a personal opinion question. You can ER in the grades or kind of whatever you're feeling but this is another one that a lot of the fans on Instagram. I mean on Twitter, excuse me wanted me to ask you Evan engram. He's gonna be going into his fifth year of his contract basically on his, you know, make-or-break year because he was a first-round pick we had the option on them. You know, I know he hasn't been able to run block his entire career. I mean, he's not a tight end in my opinion. He's a wide receiver a glorified wide receiver if you will, so, I mean if the outside looking in as far as grading a player or as far as just in general Oh dear experience. Do you think he deems a value of a contract extension? I mean, do you think he fits that mold? Because Caden Smith played great. So what do you think? Yeah. I think that's a it's a tough question, right? Because he's sort of he's different for a kite and he's explosive and the way that few tight ends are has to sort of speed that not a lot of Titans have and at the tail end of that 2018 season, he was grading out and playing like one of the better Titans in the league, but at some point you do You have to be concerned about the injuries. Oh, yeah, it's starting. It's starting to pile up and it's tough to rely on someone who can't stay healthy. So yeah, he's made out of glass man. It's been really bad. I think I think with like this sort of depth they have at wide receiver. It wouldn't be a top priority to extend them. But it all depends on price point and what he looks like this year if he can stay healthy. Yeah. It's a make-or-break year for him. I think the problem with him if I had to pick something would be you. We play them at the tight end spot obviously and you know with that spot, you're basically an extra offensive lineman and I don't think it's durability is there to be that he's a very awkward player very awkward because he's a wide receiver but he blocks but he blocks really bad. So I don't know what them if I had to pick I mean I would extend them, but I know nobody's going to agree with that most Giants fans want him gone for like a third-round pick which I think is way far off. I mean, he might be made a glass and you might not Be the best in the world, but I mean, he's his Productions there when he's still count this time incredibly talented. Yeah, and I mean, he's definitely a captain on his team to the players. Love them the fans for the most part love them. I mean on Twitter, especially in the giant sector man, they're rough over there are but I think he's worth it. Now this guy we trade it back up in the first round for him. We took him with the first to last pick in the first round was our third pick in the first round. We kind of went all out and He had a horrible start to the year. I mean, I for one amongst millions of other Giants fans already counted this guy out. We wanted nothing to do with him. And that's the Andre Baker. Yeah. He had an amazing second half though from what I've seen and what I've been told even especially through you guys. He was one of the top-ranked Corners in the NFL in the second half of the season. Is that true in kind of what improved with him? Yeah. So I mean he did the start to the year for Baker was it was brutal just allowing players. Laughter play I went back and watched a little bit of recently just stumbling trying to get on receivers cutting in letting guys over the top of them, but he did pick that up later in the year after week 12 to the end of the regular season. He was our 12th highest grade a cornerback in the entire league really picked up the sort of getting his hand on balls forcing incompletions forced in completion rate more than doubled over the second half of the season. Wow, and that's sort of the play that we expected from Yasukuni getting getting him at 30. Yeah. He was our I think it was 16th or somewhere in that range on our big board going into the draft. So getting my 30 we saw as a value and sometimes it just takes time for quarterbacks coming into the league not always easy to assimilate in there right away and you have to be excited about what he did at the end of you. Oh, of course, I mean, you know to be Not only was it, you know Stillness. First year it was it shows that he took a kind of like how I view Kirk Cousins. He took the negativity and he turned it into something and like you said, I mean I know coming and I was so excited to get them because when we got him out of the draft, I mean again, I use you guys a lot / your guys's stats. He was one of like that. I think he was number three on the highest graded you guys since you're grading era in college for ya and completion rate, which is amazing. He's like number three. I like ninety four point something. Yeah. He was greeted your which is I mean, you know you Got to consider like you said it's the value pick, but other than that men are Corners. It's another issue. I mean, jinora's Jenkins. I never liked him. I was happy to see him make his own mistake. And you know, we had kind of a reason to let him go but outside of that Sam Beal. I know you'll have no info on him. He doesn't play chords Valentine, you know, he played a little bit and when he did play he played horrible Julian love that's a guy wanted to ask you about though how I know we had him at corner. We had him at safety. He had some great games. He had some bad ones. Where was he and the pack just in general if you have any info on him. Yeah, he he graded out pretty well. Actually it was in the low 70s somewhere in that range. Wow, so he's sort of played that makes of like box safety slot corner just all over the field and he played well enough to to sort of want to see more of them next year in that role. He's another guy that we were high on when they took him. It was the third round something like yeah, we took him in the third round. Yeah. Yeah, he graded out for us pretty well and Notre Dame. So it's another guy him and Baker are the two sort of and peppers are sort of the pieces that you want to build around on the secondary. But the rest of the guys there's not a whole lot to work with. Yeah peppers. I know how to really bad. You're considering what he's done over the last You I know he did not grade. Well, he didn't play. Well. He had Indian shoes as a whole. I know he was bad. But I mean that's the Giants depth that corner. I mean because Julian love isn't even we consider him on the depth chart at free safety right now. So if you look at our death, what we really have is Grant Haley on the practice squad, Cory Ballantine Julian love, I guess DeAndre Baker and Samuel. That's all we have literally and so you got to consider. I mean everyone's jumping on Byron. Jones see me personally if I had to pick one corner from free agency. I'm taking Mike Hilton from the Steelers. Okay, but I don't know. I mean, I don't know if you guys are as high as everyone else's on Byron Jones. I just feel like he he's not worth what he's gonna get paid. Yeah. We I mean we are high on Byron Jones. He's one of our top free agents available this offseason. A lot of people like to point at the interceptions, right? He hasn't intercepted a pass left two years, right, but he's been Around the ball doesn't give up much production-wise still forces incompletions pass breakups things like that. Right? If I think it's one of those things where you have to decide whether you want to sort of add a couple depth guys are a couple guys who can impact the game or go out and pay a bunch of money for Jim's. Yeah, and I agree, you know, but like I said for me, I feel like you know, it's becoming more valuable in the league and don't get me wrong cornerback ones or No the epitome of value at that spot, but I think slot Corners are so underrated. I think they do so much more than what people think and Mike Hilton in my opinion last year. It was Bryce Callahan. He got four years 36 Big Mike Hilton will get about the same just such underrated players. I mean they do everything from you know, having a line up with somebody like Evan engram to going with your wide receiver three, whoever that may be, you know an our case in an Ideal World. It was Darius Layton originally, it's not even it's not even Always wide receiver three is right. I mean, so you're seeing a lot more top guys go into the slide Chris Godwin plays along the slide Keenan Allen Tyree kill. So having guys you can you can shut down those kinds of players inside it. It's so valuable and that's you know, I think teams are catching on to it like weird is saying where you know, if you have your top wide receiver against your top Corner, obviously if there's a way to exploit that move them over to slot and I think more teams are going to start doing that which calls for more slot corners. Thousand percent but I mean that's another thing that like I said just like the o line, it's bad. It's real bad. I gave we gave everyone a little bit of optimism towards what's there but, you know take it with a grain of salt. It's not good. But what is good? And I know you personally don't follow me on Twitter. I have a bunch of guys at PFF that do and they've always agreed with me since the start on this and give you a little bit of background on me every one that listens to this knows this Daniel Jones going into the draft. The biggest amount of work I do is is The back scouting that's I used to play quarterback. That's what I do. I love it and I've been you know Pat myself on the back pretty pretty decent with the with the quarterback reviews and stuff like that. I love the Daniel Jones going into the draft Yeah, Giants fans hated. The pick Giants fans didn't like the player when he became an option me purse out that his first ever start in Tampa Bay and that was amazing Daniel Jones outside of the fumble problems. If there's one thing that I would like a player to have an issue with the something like a fumble issue. Shoo outside of that he damn near almost broke the passing record. He didn't play three games. Where did he grade best? And where was he worse, you know because heat in my opinion looked amazing throughout the entire year outside of a few errors. So what's your take on him? Yeah, my take is basically that so what he does. Well, he can make those big night downfield accurate throws. He was 15th and Big Time throw rate among quarterbacks last year, which Rookie, it's pretty good. You graded out pretty well under pressure. So that's sort of he's got you was used to that at Duke, right? Yeah, great. You know how crazy this Donald's Lyman? Yeah receivers. So coming in that sort of helped him out. And he played well in those situations this year graded out pretty well under pressure could make the big throws the area that I think he needs to improve on the most is just to turn over worthy place, right? So we We basically chart not just actual interceptions and fumbles that you lost but just fumbles that you're responsible for passes that you throw that are either dropped interceptions or a defenders in position to make the play. They don't we consider those turnover where he plays and he had the third highest turnover worthy play rate in the League last year. I did a if you look at like touchdown to interception ratio. Yeah, it was pretty solid. But what that does all he can do now. Yeah, it doesn't take into account the fumbles. He had nine dropped interceptions, which was one of the higher marks in the league. So I think he there's reason to be excited about Daniel Jones. Just based on the high-end plays you see on his tape, but he has to clean up the the opportunities that he gives the defense has I agree. Yeah, you know with me, like I said, I love Daniel Jones for Who he is as a person? He's like Eli Manning port to which you know, I had my conflicting opinions on he like going forward, but he just has a bed. I always wanted a guy that was mobile and people, you know, a lot of people didn't realize going to the draft that this guy ran like a 4 5 5 4 6 which is pretty damn fast for a quarterback. He can move sleeping on that. Yeah, I mean and people are sleeping on that. I mean, we won the Tampa Gamers first ever start because of a scramble and that's my thing is, you know, if he can clean up that ball security the sky's the limit for Daniel Jones, you know. You got sacked a lot and I don't regret it that to being his fault a lot of that sorrow line obviously, but you know, he just needs to be better at sucking the ball when he gets hit and outside of that. I mean keep doing what you're doing kid. Like, you know, I don't see a problem with him and I'm excited for the future and I'm glad to see you know, as a whole that I think he graded well with you. I don't know what you finished him out as I don't know if you grade quarterbacks. Yeah, he was a I think he ended the year 24th somewhere in there go. Okay. Yeah, not not. Not the bottom of the barrel. Yeah, no not very low-end know when you consider the guys in the league that he's ahead of, you know, take that into account. Yeah, I mean on the same front and this was a something that I meant to write his name down. Somebody sent this into me last minute. I thought it was a good question. It's kind of something. I was always concerned about still sticking to Daniel Jones. So this is where people this is where the opinion gets flawed with Pro Football Focus and where I still understand how it happens a lot of people don't so we had a game. In Green Bay where he threw a touchdown in three picks, it was a horrible game a few weeks later. He played Dwayne Haskins in the Redskins through five touchdowns. No pics, it was damn near perfect. But the Green Bay game was great at higher. Why does that happen like that? What what goes on there? So I think it's easy when you're watching a game or just looking at the box score to the key in on those like the big numbers the touchdowns two interceptions. You're watching a game just focus on On that one big throw that he made as getting shown on highlight highlight reels, but what goes into the grade is basically every thrill every single play where he does something that warrants agreed all taken into account. So he overthrows a guy goes out of bounds, but the guy was open it's not you might not pay attention to that a whole lot. If you're just watching the games a fan so it goes to the back of the mind, but it's something that comes up. Great gotcha. And there's this sort of things start to add up. So that's why it doesn't always align perfectly with the box score or things like that not make sense. Yeah, because I remember when I used to be I used to be the biggest Odell Beckham truth around the world. I loved the guy obviously my opinions are shot. Now, as you know, with the rest of the league for the most part just like Antonio Brown, but that would always really throw me for a loop. I mean there begins where I mean, he would be like Eight catches 200 yards two touchdowns and have like a 54 grade. And I remember that was before I was kind of educated on it and I would just snap on Pro Football Focus is like what what is this like, you know, and and I guess there's a lot more that goes into it and especially it's not it's also not like not all stats are created equal so you don't fall off on a screen the receiver does all the work it could show up as a seven-yard touchdown. It was a routine through for the quarterback. So right. Yeah, and that's that's kind of like I said what I'm learning and why I really To have you on here was the kind of beat that flawed opinion because I respect the hell out of what you guys do. And like I said, I'm thankful to have an opportunity to do it and I'm really seeing why these grades pop out the way they do. It's just you know, you don't catch it as well as you know, somebody that's working for it does so I have two more quick ones for you. This one is it isn't too much of a question. It's just kind of what you think again Sterling Shepherd and Darius Slayton Darius Leighton was the fifth round pick that blew up the world use amazing for us in its first year. Here Sterling Shepherd has always been known to run block really. Well Darius Lighting on the other hand doesn't as a whole. Where do you think they fit because I know but Darius Slayton had a very big number and I'm trying to think of the exact name deep deep balls are catchable ball or something like that. You guys grade. His number was really high for deep balls Sterling better for the heart the hard to catch balls. I'm trying to I'm trying to say it right but you know what? I mean? Yeah contested. Kentucky so I mean do you think that that fits accurately with them and you know, like Shepherd is more of the dog and the inside and slayton's the Deep threat. Yeah for sure Slayton had a it a lot of success deep last year catching balls downfield slayton's more the sort. He plays in the slot occasionally. He played a little bit less last year with Golden Tate, but he still played in the slot sort of over the middle tested bowls that sort of thing I think both guys. They're ideally complimentary receive this I think the Giants are still sort of missing that true top number one receiver since they traded one O'Dell. Yeah, that's what I just said. We don't have a number one exactly. But I said that but I think both of them are solid solid pieces staff. Sure. Yeah, and I mean, they're built their young Sterling Shepherd is signed a four-year deal technically 5 now back down to four and slayton's on his rookie year rookie deal. So I think they're both very good pieces that have now. This is kind of it's going to circle back to this question is going to be a two-part and then we'll let you get out of here. So with that being said this this draft is one of the best wide receiver drafts of all time hands down. It's not closed. It's an amazing draft. Yeah, and you know, that's not our biggest need we're in the wide receiver class for free agency isn't isn't very good. Its kind of it's up in the air, but the the draft is amazing. That's not our biggest need. So I mean, do you think the giant should do the obvious pick? I mean my guy and everyone else is guys Isaiah Simmons. And if we weren't going to do that, you know, where do you think we go and why you know what I mean because who is your favorite player in the draft for the Giants and who's just out of curiosity your favorite offensive lineman? Yes. I mean Simmons it for would make a lot of sense. He could come in. They have needs Edge linebacker slot. Safety. He played all of those positions at Clemson. He played them well, So him coming in and sort of doing it all on the defense and I mean, it makes sense that for I think if they don't do that, it might make sense to trade back just because there's a lot of high-end talent in this draft. You can be getting guys at could attend. That would be going top five in a lot of drafts. And if they do that they could go after wide receiver Jerry Judy CD lamb even Henry rugs. It's a guy that I really like he's got got a lot of a lot of juice and he's not just the Deep threat. He's he's a really good route Runner. He has good hands. So I think any of those could be targets. Cornerback, if they want to do in the Kudos on the board that wouldn't be a bad pick at all. So I think they have some options as far as tackle fact. Yeah. Yeah stack for tackle. I like wills and it look like they're going tackle early. He's a guy who's he's a freak athlete. I mean, I know people lost their minds of or worse and rightfully so but Wills put up some ridiculous numbers at the About his well, he's just so explosive fluid could fill in at right tackle replayed it Alabama. I think that would be a solid. Yeah Andrew Thomas seems to fall he seemed like he fell off a little bit. I mean, he was like the projected number five overall, you know somewhere in that realm and yeah, I'm not really hearing his name anymore. I've heard more about worse and then I'm going to but I'm going to butcher his last name on this thing to say the lineman from Louisville back to ya back. Whatever is the mountain. Yeah be so sloppy in the league just like Eric flowers could be so damn lengthy and fast. You just going to flop all over the field. You actually have a sore on our big board. The order is Thomas Wills worse. And then I think that cans for seconds for respond. Unless I'm missing something but I just don't so Thomas is actually our top tackle still he has okay. I figured I just haven't heard his name anymore. I've only heard worse. Worse worse becht infected but that's all I'm hearing now and I was wondering kind of what happened to them. I didn't know if he just didn't perform well or what sometimes he's yeah, he came in as a freshman in the SEC and was like past protecting well already which is not an easy thing to do last year. Yeah last year. He was a top graded power 5 tackle in college football. So you didn't really go anywhere. He's just sort of getting lots of Buzz because he didn't do Alice things box. Yeah, the combines hit-or-miss just like claypool's going to shoot up the you know, the boards and everything and it really depends it all depends on what they do on draft a look at last year DK Metcalf. I went. Oh my God top five pick. Look at the combine. He went and won the third round late second. Yeah, so it'll be interesting. But I mean, like I said, I know I've kept you for long enough. I mean the questions you broke down for me not only did it help me out. I hope it helps everyone to listen to this and kind of helps your opinion a little bit on PFF man. They're definitely valuable. They're definitely very useful to use as you can tell and like I said Ben. Thank you so much for coming on here and answering some of these questions. I noticed in your favorite team. So the work you did answering. These questions means the world and like I said, I hope to have you on here again soon, and I hope to be working with you soon as well. Yeah, no problem. Thanks for having me on me. No problem. We'll go Giants. I know you don't like that go Giants and like I said, thank you for being here everyone. Thank you for listening and I will talk to you guys on episode five on the next one. Peace.