Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak about and so my question for you just to get right into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from before and then until now and if so, was there a turning point and why? I think It has been a journey definitely. Figuring out who I am both as a person with personhood but also as a complicated Dynamic sentient being Mind Body, so has sometimes challenged me in ways. That have made life appeared very difficult. And I think during those moments of disembodiment pleasure and Sensations that traditionally give people positive bodily feedback. It was hard for me to register and I do consider a time period of my life as a large chapter of my life with me going in and out of fog and I think the fog represents mental dissonance cognitive dissonance, but also this concept of fearing God this fear of God and sometimes Cloud our judgment and make it hard for us to decipher moments because when you have cultivated faith and curiosity behind spirituality when you're in situations that who a spiritual lens may be perceived as carnal or secular that maybe serves as white noise for some people but it definitely made decisions seem like decisions in my life. And when you consider stigma and taboo associated with black bodies not considering my profile, but keeping it to my story. I identify as a cisgendered heterosexual male. I have this idea of masculinity. I've been trying intentionally to decolonize so that toxic masculinity isn't my pattern and again understanding has been the true Bedrock for me trying to understand who I am. Not just in the physical aesthetic not just with the impulses and the urges and desires like all of that makes me who I am. I'm like intersection of many things and outside of the fog, but still holding close this fear God I do see myself differently and when I'm able to place value you on my physical body and to really be okay to spend my lifetime understanding how to be engaged with intimacy intentionally in ways that lead to pleasure not just for my own regard, but for the woman that consents to embrace that intimacy with me if just for that one moment or series of moments or however, I life may interface I was but yeah, I don't think it was one thing that clouded my judgment around how to be in my body or how to Participate in pleasure. I think there was a lot of conditioning and like falsehoods that obscured relationship building not just with an individual but really myself hearing the Chatter growing up around ideas of manhood or masculinity when you're younger filtering. It can be challenging. So to read it as toxic. It may take you know, it may be a while to process that but now I think I have sensitivity to harm especially done in a closed space. Faces around acts of pleasure and intimacy. I also knows and security I struggle today really honoring my my body in ways that give me confidence to really stand on my own two feet and be proud of my hairy chest. For example, I think I Something to be proud of my things that I shouldn't wear shame because of Standards around Beauty, especially the fabricated standards around Beauty and this country and as we talk you're helping me see the different complications the different. projections throughout my life that have made it difficult for me to see myself as a person capable. But also that should be receptive to you know, these thoughts that we have I might be speaking for myself and maybe you have had these thoughts to but there are days now in my adult life. And now with this decolonized practice of caring for myself. I want to indulge in these thoughts that are like smutty or like that like make my body behave and like Fadi, you know, like I want to be sensual not just in the month of Pisces, but there are moments. I want to really live out what my brain Is gravitating towards a my heart and my bodily organs are gravitating towards but I repress those urges or those impulses. I think sometimes in security sometimes and like World conditioning and societal conditioning but also because of this true commitment to like I want to enter a space and be myself and not feel shame and I think you oh, I imagine I I want this concert conscious relationship that we talked about in the last episode to come into play and sometimes when I'm feeling very body. I don't know the young woman or the my peer and and she should be revered and I should take all the steps to get to know her in ways that are meaningful, you know before shooting my shot. To do something that leads to penetrative sex or not, you know, so yeah, it's complicated I think as an adult with my profile with my understandings with my growing and changing ideology around sex. And yeah, I don't know if I always feel safe to be Full Throttle smutty thottie horny. In every sense of the way, I don't mean that in a joking manner like I'm maybe sound calm right now because I'm trying to contain enthusiasm until we both are able to contribute to today's episode. But yeah, sometimes I think a lot of it comes from not knowing if it's safe to be D real. And to with consent of course Embrace myself and a woman fully regardless if we Edge or orgasm or penetrate or not, you know, yeah, so there's like a lot of things. I love that you said is, you know one right? I really think about this and I think about these type of things because as a woman sometimes I wonder you know, what the hell Are some of these dudes coming from when they step to me and then there's some guys were I'm like, why aren't they trying to be out there more, you know like moves on me because I think they're awesome and amazing and one of the things is like that I'm hearing from you is in that I wanted to touch on is like this idea of that toxic masculinity that is grown up with and I love how you were like when you're younger as a male. You don't even really understand that it's toxic because you're just like watching In your Elder uncle's or your father or your friends or older friends kind of act in these manners cousins and family members and you kind of begin to think like, oh, maybe this is the way it is and then there's this whole D learning and be like dismantling that program and then you know, they're just a turning point, right? So you realize that that's not the way that you really want to perceive improve and like put yourself out in the world when it comes to the opposite sex the same sex Whatever because even if you are a trans man or a woman who fears more on the side of masculinity, we're still dealing with the toxic masculine cultural ways, right? So wanting to be perceived more as masculine may end up being on the side of some toxicity because of what is perceived as masculine right in our world. And I love that like once you have that turning point right now. It's like, you know, there's this concept of like that you're saying that I'm feeling and I'm hearing is like you want to feel safe and like you hear that from women to you know, you hear that from other people who are her feeling into their feminine. They want to feel safe to be in that and so it's one of those things that like, I think this is one of those moments where it's like, okay wanting to feel safe to express who you are and to feel who you are essentially. Embodied empowered like in in that in like in your expression of who you are a lot of us and human beings in general want to feel safe. Right? It's like this idea of safety is there and how do you create a safe container for yourself so that you can express that? How do you find people who belong in your safe container? And then how do you find people who are going to provide you a safe container to be like, yeah, you know what you can be. Real, you know and I think that's kind of like why you and I even have this podcast to begin with because both you and I feel safe with one another and so they just go deep into these conversations and I feel like you know, the reason why I wanted to make that point about what you said and really and really like let our listeners know that that's something that you said that super important is because a lot of times people want to put these things into gender roles and it's not it's a human thing right to want. To feel safe to want to be able to express yourself and I was thinking about it recently and it's almost as if in some ways I feel as though culturally we were coming back to this place where okay, if you think about it, like in the 60s and 70s, right it was like all like free love like let's have free love blahblahblah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, and then the 80s happened AIDS happen crisis is happen like a bunch of things that like Put the lid on that freedom of expression, right and not that that freedom of expression was in its Purity and was the best form of it. But it was, you know people trying to reclaim that part of them and I think that from what I see and it could just be because I have, you know tendency to be a little bit on this muddy or side as well, but I see a lot more sexual content being exposed in a way of trying to normalize. Is it in the sense of it being more? Like this is beautiful. This is amazing. This is sensual. This is sexual but we are also not shaming it. We're not putting it on a pedestal and we're not we're not doing this because we're just focused on sex. We're focused on like the deeper meaning of it and in a way I was thinking the other day how we're kind of back in this like Love Revolution, right? Like, how do we bring freedom out? How do we become that those what our generation? Before attempted without getting squelched by the patriarchy or the programming and being pushed back down right like this time. We hopefully will just rise out of it. I went on a little tangent there, but it's important for you to platform your truth in I feel encouraged that this podcast is giving us an opportunity to use our voice and to voice our Concerns it's not just environmental or behavioral. There are some Universal elements involved to really interpret our behavior. And I hope that we can shine some light on ways of knowing and being ourselves and each other that are not rooted in European nomenclature or Western ideology. She especially Western ideology wedged in the hegemony or the patriarchy or sexism religion or religion. Yeah, and that's a challenge to it takes some courage and some guts to discern and all we're doing right now is trying to understand as you led with earlier understand each other understand. How can we affirm each other? over the air and communication but also spaces that we share in time when we align and maybe we can think about that a little bit more and if you want to also we can also give you some space to maybe articulate some of the ways recently on your past just the knowing and the ability to be yourself how that has Maybe left some positive memories. Intimacy or pleasure for yourself or shared? Yeah. I was thinking still on the masculine. I was still thinking thinking still on your experience before we go to me. I wanted to ask you another question. Sure. Yeah cool. So when you had that turning point and you felt as though now, you're stepping into wanting to feel safe and being these areas of really understanding your body then. What what did you like because I loved how you were talking about the hair on your chest and it's kind of interesting right because it's like I don't think a lot of people if you're not in a male body or attempting to or like having a male experience a masculine experience in the world. They don't I don't think a lot of people understand the pressures that are put on a man like because everyone talks about the pressures of a woman, you know, like have their weight and they have to look a certain way, but the pressures is a man. So is there a pressures So like shave your hair. Is there a pressures to be a certain way like, what are those pressures and where you finding yourself like letting down those guards to be who you really are? right on I am fortunate to have had a parental unit that made available content that showcased beauty creativity resilience Innovation outside of the mainstream. I grew up with Jet Magazine Ebony magazine on our coffee table. I grew up with a black Jesus on the wall, I grew up with our media reflecting the black. experience the black social life the African diaspora, so That's and itself allowed for certain benchmarks to help me. See myself early. I think 1 inhibitor even with the Myriad artifacts and cultural transfers happening in my development and even in my adult life, I think. again, patriarchy and white supremacy culture can impede our judgment in a way when we start policing ourselves a lot of My caring for my body like in the bathroom, for example, I was shaving My chest I was reducing the hair in my pubes and removing the hair under my arms. thinking that I was more barbaric if I let my My bodily hair grow on managed or unmanaged unfrequently, you know, all right look ton managed to the unsuspecting to the untrained eye. Right right. So I have required some encouragement from peers and my radical Circle of Care. I haven't One deodorant since 2014-2015 because of the encouragement of appear and they helped me decolonize some of my toiletry shopping and habits around caring for self in the bathroom. I was thinking I needed to wear deodorant. I needed to mask the smell and then they helped me realize I didn't even know my body smell. What was I'm asking did I need some ass? And I actually grow have grown to love my I guess it would be called body smell right your family it I'm delighted by my body smell because I've grown accustomed to treating myself. With with care and making sure what's touching me topical what's going on my body and it's been a slow Marathon for me. I'm really proud of myself for not wearing deodorant and I bring that up to say that's when I also made to ship to no longer cut my armpit hairs and I haven't and years and now I have gray white blond black underarm hairs, and I sometimes it. A joy to see in the sunlight, but I wouldn't be at this point in Fascination. If I didn't take a step back saddle and understand that I am and that's enough and my hair is enough the body smell that I produce its natural that's enough when it's when it becomes unnatural and too much I'll shower or or I'll go into the sink Pat Pat Pat Pat white white, you know, yeah. Yeah. Yoda rise naturally, right. Let's lower the smell though that interest to not police my body made growing just hear less frustrating it made growing a beard less frustrating and a lot of my ways are my Act of protest for personhood for Humanity for Knee agency and sovereignty but it took me a while to enjoy my body and its natural form. I was convinced early by commercials not just on television screens, but there's a commercial lifestyle represented in City culture rural culture these locations of exclusion. Yeah there yeah fashion is an example it will condition you to think. Convenience products are the best ways for returning to this like positive cycle of caring for self. I feel like the more I removed myself from The commercial way of caring for self. I don't even use the word grooming. I don't even like thinking about the word grooming when I'm caring for my dog. We we don't need to be groomed and my vantage point. I feel like that implies that we need something outside of ourselves something manufactured something with chemicals that are toxic something that was man-made and unnatural. Yeah. Yeah, I remember when I decided my hair Journey because obviously for females we have a very intense hair requirements and my whole life. I've been the hairiest thing I could ever remember and I remember Middle School being made of fun of for being Harry. I didn't even have tits yet. Like I had a bunch of hair and no boobs. So everyone made fun of me for being flat-chested and For having hairy legs and my mom was like no you don't shave. You know, I'm kind of similar to you. I'm really lucky that I grew up with the images in my home were of strong black females. My grandma was that when I went to church luckily my mom not luckily, but I'm just going to say my mom kept me out of the church life. That was condemning. She kept me in the Catholic Church, which was opposite of all all of her sisters and brothers who into the Baptist but my grandma was Catholic and so I was in the Catholic church with my grandma, but she's black and Native American and I ended up when we were going to church my grandma. I would be like, what are we doing here? Am I we call her Big Mommy? Yay. Mommy would be like, you're here to speak to God like you're supposed to have your own relationship to him and she would always be like don't let anyone tell you what he's telling you like. This is your relationship with the Higher power and she even told me she said you don't even have to believe that it's a man or a woman. It's beyond all of that. Right? And so I was lucky like you to grow up and all of these experiences where it was supposed to be natural. My mom is like stay natural. She never permed her hair. She never relaxed her hair. She just let it be what it was but my mom still because she worked in the corporate environment. Still can conformed in ways to the cultural norms, right? Even though she didn't shave that I find out now like when I decided to stop shame kind of going all over the place, but when I decided to stop shaving I remember my mom saw me one day and she's like, oh, she's like, well, I'm guess you're just going to let it all be there. Huh? And I was like, yeah. I told her I said you're the one who told me not to shave. She's like, yeah, but you're way hairier than I am. Machine, you know, like even though she wasn't a person who believed in shaving she didn't realize how much hair I was gonna have on my body, you know when she was promoting this to me as a young person but being made fun of obviously, you know, I stole razors from my dad and I shaved when I was younger without my parents knowing because I didn't want to be made fun of and it was such a cumbersome thing. She even all the time. I literally am the equivalent of a man who has As the five o'clock shadow, right? Like they shave in the morning and then their beard is already there in the afternoon. That's how I am in my body. Like I shave in the morning and all the hair is pretty much back at the end of the day and it just became like this whole tedious process that really made no sense and I wasn't really appeasing anyone and that's not to say that I did not enjoy having an Eisley free freshly shaven legs because they were nice. Smooth and you know, I really like when like my legs are shaving of the definition that you can see of my muscles, you know, I like that. It's like really cool. You know, I'm like, ooh, you can really tell a muscular. So that was kind of like a thing for me but and then I ended up going into waxing like natural waxing Brazilian waxing, which I think is the greatest when you have a natural Brazilian and I have this 81 year old. 82 year old Brazilian wax or in DC and she's just from Brazil. She uses all organic, you know, no strips whatever and I got into doing Brazilians and in taking care of myself around my pussy and everything like that and doing all of that and I was a swimmer for 14 years to so like you definitely had to manage your hair when you were swimming so there was a lot of round that and I remember when I realized I don't have a job. But even when I did have the job I stopped shaving that's when I stopped shaving. I was still I still have my corporate job, but I just realized I was like, you know what I'm just kind of over it and it would be winter time and you know, you'd kind of like some girls do this you like let the wintertime legs roll in because you're just wearing long pants and whatever you're not really showing your legs out much. So and then I just one spring. I was just like I'm not going to do it anymore. And I just stopped and then from there and then it was the armpits and I stopped wearing deodorant long before I stopped shaving. I personally have a really intense strong pheromone body odors what they call it Bo and there's a bad connotation for Bo but Bo Just Dance for body odor, and I have a really strong bond. Odor and but that's so crazy because I will it's very polarizing. I don't know if this happens to you too real but it's very polarizing for me. Like some people are like, whoa, you smell so bad and then other people are like they can't get enough if I literally have people come up to me who I know who just come up to me just smell me because they're so infatuated with that odor. And it's interesting because I realized that people who are who are really standoffish about my odor. I actually don't really like them that much they're kind of people who not that I don't dislike them, but they're they're people that I'm like I either somewhat tolerate or whatever but I do attempt my hardest to work with my odor and smell because I work with such a plethora of people. I don't want to turn off people that I like to work with, you know. An easy fix for me. Sorry for cutting you off. You know, it's good when maybe a day or two on showered, but I'm bothered by my natural body odor. I'll just splash a little bit of rose water and feel. So good about that decision walk away. Yeah feeling refreshed. There's a lot of Herbal Remedies. Oh, yeah. I used to managing our body odor and maybe we can touch on that later. Yeah. I wanted to also say that. Yeah, I I'm glad we both are sharing the this getting to know oneself doesn't stop and I think that's one thing you've helped me. Remember I always think oh, I've hit this certain stage in my life. I've got it. But now I'm at the point where I'm like, I am constantly a student of myself. I'm a constant student of my friendships. I'm a constant student of the relationships that are meaningful to me. and that role of student teaches me to bring myself and to be myself and try not to allow cognitive dissonance or bigotry or Prejudice or racism Silo me away from community and Collective wellness and opportunities to do exactly what you said spend time in our bodies to embrace. Our quirks are quantities the hair that grows everywhere, right? Yeah, and it's still self. I still get really self-conscious sometimes like, you know, I think about these things like I'm going to be going to meet up with some friends at the beach and I don't shave and they have kids in there. I don't know who Family is you know, and I'm just like, oh my God, like I'm going to the beach and you know, I don't do bikini waxes. I don't do any of that and I'm a hairy person and it's always like really actually people are like, oh, you're so brave. You have so much courage and I'm like, I'm sometimes actually feel self-conscious about it. I mean it's been free for years, but I still get kind of self-conscious about it because I'm really not trying to turn people off for me. Me because I made these choices. I want to just be like you said feel safe to be who I am. It's not like because I don't mind if people decide that they feel as though they have to shave. I'm not sitting there judging anyone if their legs are shaving or not. So when I feel like maybe I might be getting judged by those things. Sometimes it gets a little self-conscious or a little insecure. I can feel that way because it's just like I want to have the freedom to be able to be What's comfortable for me and quite frankly managing? All this hair care is just a waste. It's really weird times in my life and I like my hair. And you're speaking on Liberation we become. Bondage by societal Norms mainstream calls what we do unconventional when we care for ourselves and natural ways or with ancestral ways of knowing and being in mind. I think that's hilarious and I'm glad we can dissenter some of these punitive ways of treating indigenous knowledge and ancestral ways of caring for Off and enjoying embodiment over the years. I've had different experiences different teachable moments to help me understand techniques for deeper Mind Body Spirit connection. Yeah, and I think that helps me to enjoy embodiment in ways where I can practice kegels erect or not. I can really enjoy those moments of penetrative sex or masturbation. without I might sometimes you know go through the Mental will House of just rub it out. No just like old habits of thinking but I'm getting better. Now of not like you said earlier. You used the word condemned not condemning myself from wanting to care for myself fully even if it does require rubbing one out or or taking a picture of Soft nude and and gaining consent to send that photo to someone on a mobile device or just like I never it was recently maybe in the last couple of weeks. I never in my life recorded myself video for real for real naked like not with intention not consciously, but I wonder what that would be like, you know, and I think it goes back to what you were saying me. Growing my confidence growing this awareness of being present in my body. I did a year years ago. I removed every mirror for my house, but and I lived for like three and a half years without a mirror my house. Then it drove women crazy that would visit my bedroom and it really drove my mom crazy when she made her infrequent Child Check in business. But anyways This this practice was really good for me because I got in the habit of not really caring about what I look like right away in the morning. One of the first things I would do traditionally waking up would look in the mirror at myself before brushing my teeth before we leaving myself before showering and sometimes at first impression can leave a longer unpleasant impression. I wanted to exercise getting up and just really enjoying who I am regardless of what I look like. So again a lot of my interests and Curiosities around and body me embodiment have little to do with like my physical aesthetic or parents. I can appear Charming to one I can appear. To one that matters to me not but it does matter to me that I'm able to look in a mirror and still safe. You know. Yeah, I want to be able to look in a mirror and I have eyes of condemnation or eyes that are going to police myself with the same intentions as a bigoted cop, you know, I wanted to train myself to look in the mirror not to look for my blemishes not to look for my scars not to look for the stain on my shirt. But when I looking at mirrors just to say hello. It's to remind myself of those positive memories those Communications and behaviors that have led me to the point where I am today, and it's going to push me forward. I love that. That's beautiful. I don't know if I could ever go without mirrors so I can take a round of applause for dream. But I'm sure you've gone without and that's the point of that story. We sometimes are traditional elements of our day-to-day help train our minds to be who we really are, you know? Yes, definitely, but I think that's a beautiful. - if one is able to do that, I mean there has been times like when I was in the jungles, I didn't have mirrors and I would obviously like sometimes look at myself in my phone. My phone was on airplane mode. Obviously. I didn't have any service or anything. It was just literally just so I could take photos and plants if I wanted to I most the timing was off but I do have some random selfies. Like I'll take a my favorite thing to do before I would go into situations like that is I would take a picture of myself before I walked into the jungle and then I would take a picture sometimes maybe like part way through and then I would take a picture of myself after I was ready to leave just to kind of see if anything changed because you know, you don't really look at since you're not looking at yourself every day. You don't you'll notice the changes more and also you're also not seeing them. So yeah, and you're right those moments in the jungle those Opportunities to reframe our habits of temporarily or permanently moving a mirror. Yeah. It just helps you not. Piper judge or hyper criticize one selves. Our bodies are like flowers we Bloom we open and close every day. So I do want to encourage the listeners of this podcast to share with us, maybe in a comment on a recent post different ways that they try to intentionally practice embodiment. Yeah. I love it. Thanks for sharing. Some of the listeners might not know this but the reals told me this one's before that you were at one point like really into fashion and had specific outfits and made sure we were specific look at specific times. Yeah, I would save lunch money to buy double XL magazine. It's a hip-hop periodical or the source and I would I would study the words because language is important and I really do think some of those Outlets where our elders and communities that were predominantly white or Sometimes when you are tokenized and different systems and institutions you needed those type of outlets to help you see where you could take things or where we have taken things as we have evolved our sensibilities or my own clothing ourselves for modesty purposes and for nudity purposes. But yeah, I used to really enjoy finding ways to dress myself. And then go two spaces to see no one else wearing what I was wearing. Like that was really fun. It was really fun. And I my time I was a teenager if I went on a trip I would go on trips as a young person as an athlete or a scholar or for just a caishen some of the money that I would say from cutting grass or doing odds and in things for people I would go to these different places find the place that selling hip-hop gear and Choose buy it there because I know that's a different market place and it's not going to be available in my hometown and then come back home with it. Like it was really fun. And I didn't do it to try to be vain or braggadocious. I was really trying to expand it was my way of expressing my creativity. I didn't really talk to people the way we are talking on this podcast and and are unrecorded conversations. And if I was in public Pacers or spaces that intersect at me with other individuals. I was trying to bring Through a way of dress something that they didn't see and if they were going to bring Prejudice or bigotry or some of those elements of violence that I Endure now and have endured in my development. I want it again the way I dressed myself to show them that I'm resilient and I'm not going to let that mistreatment or unwarranted judgment take away who I am, even if I am spending my cash and coin on Petty. The garments I think fashion is very important, but I don't think it's important in the sense of community. I think it's important to figure out what your first what your point in your passion. Your fashion is right. And so I love that you said that it was so that you could walk in and show that you were resilient and now your fashion may look different but the point of your fashion is no different than before, right? Yeah. It's more of like I'm showing now that like I can live with less and I'm still Salient definitely, they'll smart and more than what I am on the outside. So I think that's the fun thing about fashion. And I think that's the fun thing people should remember when their embodying themselves. It's like this is supposed to be fun. This is supposed to be life. This is supposed to be, you know an opportunity to really know oneself and that's why being embodied is so important and that's why what you look like is important but it also is not important it has everything to To do more with you know, your intention behind it your intentionality, you know, are you a person who doesn't shave your armpits because you really like have a great thing about it. Are you just not shaving your armpits because you think that's the fashion right or that's totally different right? Like I just think it's really important to look at what we who we are and why we're embodying certain things and to really look at it and be like, okay, I am bodying this because this is really What I want or is this something I've been programmed to believe and that's on all spectrums right like a my program to believe that the only way you can look spiritual and that you're in this one way is by having like sacred geometry and tattoos and gauged earrings or whatever and I know that like, I look like that but that doesn't mean I have to be that way or look that way all the time for me to be spiritual person. So I think it works in all realms. He's right because like there's there's people who will look at someone and think oh that person must be spiritual and have their life together. But in reality, they don't practice anything. They just know it's a fad and they know that if they dress or look that way, they're more likely to find people in that category, which is okay. But you know, it's just a matter of like, what is your intention? What are you really trying to get across with your embodiment? And are you really embodied in yourself? And I think that the physical is a representation but also a physical is just one part where the full embodiment of oneself those things will change in flow for example I'm I'm not a pink girl but lately like my nails have been done all like nude and painting and you know every item or clothing I bought recently has been pink and I'm like what am I doing like what is going on you know and I know and I'm like am I doing this because I think I need to be pink or what is behind it and I realized like you know for me it's I've been working on a lot of my softness and femininity and it's just something that I guess I'm me cleaning and allowing to come back and just be like in this place of feeling really good about it and just being like yeah I really like this I like this pure Simplicity this actually matches This is kind of where I'm at and Myspace and I don't think it makes me any less spiritual or any less or are asked or anything doesn't change who I am. Dynamically, but it might change the way people think about me when they first meet me, but that's okay. What if it's real, that's a good word. I'm glad you've used it today reclaiming Mmm Yeah. Yeah, it takes time and it's going to I mean time is concept. We understand that but we'll need more lunar cycles and Seasons to continue this practice of reclaiming and embodiment embodiment. Yeah. Yeah, and I think that like I guess What are the things I want to get across? I think it's really important to our listeners and I would love to hear what your thing is. But like I should just go with you first. Okay question is what do what what words of advice or wisdom I would say instead of advice same wisdom. What words of wisdom do you have for our listeners around being embodied? it is an understanding Pursuit more than Something to complete or to just do it again requires being and knowing oneself and ways that may be uncomfortable or challenging. So my advice would be to do it. And then don't do it. I think when I make recommendations moving forward, it's always going to be about not doing like a 10-day challenge consecutively or 30 day challenge, maybe do two or three days and then two or three days off of whatever practice that you believe is helping you to grow your confidence in embodiment or grow your understanding of your Wellness practice be okay with the pause and the settle be okay with the moments during the journey when you feel that the progress is slow. Aye-Aye. Would recommend after doing stopping maybe asking for a peer or someone that you trust to activate with you or two. If not in Partnership or Unison to at least y'all can be open and receptive to sharing feedback and helping each other along the way. A lot of my positive learning and most impactful learning has happened consciously and unconsciously with other people around and being shaped and informed by their their Journey. And yeah, I think that's a really good. It's bringing being empowered to go deeper and then opening oneself up to asking for help so that The Deep dive doesn't because you're going to need to be outfitted and and I don't mean with clothing and dressed you're going to need resources. You're going to need encouragement or reminders and sometimes the collective can outfit you in ways that you can't imagine by yourself. I like that. so I think for the listeners to give a little bit of wisdom about embodiment, I love the idea of like realizing that this was a process and there's really no end to it and that there was going to be so many abs and flows of times and being one way and then being another and I want to give the wisdom to have fun with it to realize that like living life is fun to bring in the Joy to bring in the play to bring in the sensual nature to bring in that ability to really be with yourself and feel safe with yourself because I love this concept that we start off with safeness right think I am safe because I am me. I am love I am safety for myself and then realizing that I think when We went a person decides to be fully embodying themselves. There is a part of that act where you end up becoming revolutionary you end up becoming a spokesperson for embodying yourself for someone else people are going to have questions. People are not going to understand people are not going to like it people are going to think you're weird. People are going to have all the things but people are going I think that about you if you embody yourself or you don't mmm and I think that by having fun enjoying who you are and embodying who you are in this moment and realizing that it's all temporary, right? So what you embody as yourself today doesn't have to be who you embody yourself tomorrow. So it's not a serious Endeavor, but it's a very serious Endeavor. Definitely. Yeah, like it's not like, oh my God, this is going to be me permanently. We but it's like oh my God, I need to make this serious because this is me now and that's all we have in this moment is now and to step into that moment with joy fun sensuality understanding life is temporary and understanding that when you do this work you are taking on the role of an activist. Hmm. People are going to ask questions. People are going to notice. There are sometimes I don't I don't I want to talk to anyone about my appearance, but it never stops because I'm not maybe that day like maybe I don't feel like talking with people about my appearance, but I'm going to be wearing my three-eyed sunglasses when I go out and really someone's gonna ask me something about my third eye and you'd be surprised how many I'm doing air quotes right now normal-looking people are walking around and ask me about my third eye. Die one guy asked me he's like, oh, he's like you have your covering your third eye with your sunglasses. He's like does this mean you're gonna tell me you my future and I said no you're going to use your third eye and figure out your own future and he and so if you know all these times all these moments like just by embodying who I am. There because I am an activist there are these small moments that I meet these random people that I'll never talk to you again, and I have these really interesting conversations. Mmm. And it should be a determined step that you take and if you do decide to step backwards is to settle and reclaim. Its to breathe. Its to embrace. Its to help your your your vessel returned to homeostasis. It's a process. You're right. It's It's worthwhile. It's frustrating. But yeah, I hope it's a determined step that we all are taking forward. Yeah. Yeah, that's a one small Act of activism that has a very impactful nature and it's over time and it's staying in your space and staying embodied and people believe people when you are true to yourself. More people believe you no matter what that truth is, especially if you continue to be able to embody yourself over time begins to people begin to see that you're like, this is who you are like, okay. Yeah. This is really who you are. Hmm. So I wanted to as always bring it back to the plants and we believe their listeners might not know this but sometimes we talked a little bit before we do the podcast and we both pick the same plant today. Because we both been dieting the same Clan or dieting immersing ourselves in the same plant. I try not to use the word diet anymore D yet has really where it comes from but direct translation from that but I've been working on using the word plant immersion because immersing myself in this entity in this being and allowing a creative co-creative process happen with our bio chemical nutrients sharing messages and changing the landscape within my body and both you and I have I'm working on the scene plant. And that plant is drumroll burdock root. So tell me why you love her Dockery. Why is she feeling bodied and please tell the juicy details? I first was introduced to burdock root through April's herbs are teachers. Online program and afterwards made it a habit to return to the local co-op and by by the ounce return Burdock to my Apothecary. It is a pleasant herb to you can Infuse it with water overnight or throughout the day and benefit with the herb Solo or you can blend it I noticed that it has a taste which isn't as Earth be as one would assume and if one does notice the earthy tones I think it registers to me as like a sweet hinty hints of like sweetness and I don't know I really love it when I drink it alone it's one of my favorite single Brew when I'm making herbal infusions night or day it I'll let you highlight the molecular and the mild nutrients But I do know in a simple experience with it that it helps me feel especially after managing food cravings. It helps me want to lean towards acidity less than like it makes me want to eat the snack foods less and enjoy more alkaline foods and more smoothies and fruits and vegetables it my body reacts to it as a cleansing herb and it gives him makes me feel more energetic afterwards to the point that I noticed arousal and yeah sometimes the confidence that I'm able to transfer with after drinking burdock root it's it's I don't know it's lovely I try not to drink it daily because I'm starting to think that it may be an aphrodisiac for my body and why isn't it a petit Jacques for you yeah it definitely in what does arousal it makes me think about sexual thoughts and makes me want to act on my sexual thoughts and sometimes my day doesn't make for second time essentialness but sometimes my body does call for a herbal remedy for again we're not trying to promote diets or detox or cleanse but it has It's constituents. It has the herbal energetics to gently remove impurities from our bodies. Is that correct? Yes. It's an alternative and tell us more about your affinity for burdock root lately or of all time. Yeah. So burdock root is one of my favorite plants for embodiment and really returning back to To the essence of who I am. It is a plant that is sweet and oily and slightly bitter. It is an alternative and Alternatives mean that it's a cleansing herb and when you hear of an herb as being an alternative you're looking in to figure out if there's an affinity for an organ system or is system in the body and it has an affinity for the has an affinity for the blood. And the liver and the small intestines so really being able to cleanse out from the inside out. So when I notice my acne, or if I have any like skin conditions that are happening I'll reach for burdock root if I feel as though I've eaten and I haven't been as clean as I want to or as similar to do real if I'm wanting to just continue to stay on the healthy train, and I'm starting to I feel myself wanting to have all these random craving. I'll reach for burdock root because that is what really kind of a cc eights the cravings and I think having a little bit of the sweetness of the earth to me, I think burdock root smells and feels like if like you had fresh laundry detergent not like the fragrances that you smell not like the lavender of the natural ones or anything but like that fresh air. Are but not overly perfumy but it has that like fresh. It's just such like a fresh scent and it reminds me as if like when I drink the herb as if it's going in and like scrubbing away at all the insides and like moving all the things and just kind of like eliminating out through my bowel movements any impurities and letting go Matthew would states that it's one of the herbs that it's a bear medicine. So it's one of the herbs that a bear will dig up when it first comes out of hibernation spring and it's a biennial plant, which means it only lasts for two years. It's not even a perennial but what happens is the first year it grows and it stays low to the ground and it gets these real billowy leaves that you actually are really soft that you could use to wipe your butt if you needed to if you were in nature after going to the bathroom, and I think that that has like a really good indication for How it cleanses into the intestinal the small intestines and it really helps with the bowel movements. It's also oily and oily herb and that's really important for hormones. And this might be why you're having that that increase like feeling of sensuality and increase abilities of feeling a certain way because oil is what is needed in the body for all the cells to move. Moans so like to have these like the thyroid and the pituitary and all of these hormones to be able to speak to one another they move through the body and oil and in Blood and so oil is a really important aspect for health. And so it provides that oily nature in the body which helps cleanse and helps connect these aspects asses and like these Most be able to speak to one another and to move in through the organ systems that supposed to so I feel the same way. Oh and I was talking about how it grows. So then in the first year at the end of fall and Autumn, you can harvest the root then and it will be a little bit sweeter. And then if you wait until the next year and you remember where it's at, you could be like that bear and the Bears will go and dig it up in Spring and it has a little bit more the bitterness to it and me take the eat the root. Helps jumpstart their their systems again. It's one of those herbs that cleans out the sluggishness cleans out the old old shit basically from Winter and eating and you know, eating whatever you want the Bears and or just like hibernating. I don't actually really sleep but anyway cleanses them out and then they're moving forward and then they're starting they're going to start eating all these bitter greens and other bitter herbs to restore themselves. So Matthew would states that this is medicine that restores you to your original blueprint of health and I feel like the original blueprint of our health. So tied into our sensuality into our hormones into the pituitary gland into our sensual sexual Nature's because there's this idea of like, you know using that aspect of ourselves and to feel healthy and to alive and to feel vitality and to be vibrant. It's all interconnected. and so I think burdock root really lends itself for handing over that capability of being able to be embodied and cleansing out all the toxicity and things that don't really belong to you that you might have consumed over the many years and helped shed away those old layers or then that you can come that version of yourself that's original and ReDiscover and reclaim what that even actually means so that you can explore that and embody that and then push it out into the World As for the world to see as you see fit wow boom burdock root I didn't know that so thank you for educating me on burdock root it's one of my most important herbs right now that I'm working with and trying to get to know likewise I love that huh man The herbal world it's so magical the plants are just like every time I just am like you know I just can't I just can't even I feel like I words but I don't have words so we always do a quote and I want to hear your quote what is it today yes I will pull it up going to the page okay I am quoting from medium.com this was published by non-white works October 16th 2017 it's a two-minute read but I'm only going to quote text that I noticed that was in bold it says the black imagination is much less recognizable assessable or defined because it can only exist without compromise within the territory of individual black identified bodies who's lived experiences are often overlooked dismissed or ignored I am trying my best to imagine more and truly be Fearless with my imagining so that short Piece online help to nudge me forward in the direction of not shying away from being creative even if the creative expression is just an exercise for me to understand techniques of craft or the science of the work that I'm doing I love it and can you read it one more time because it is very full yes the black imagination is much less recognizable assessable or a defined because it can only exist without compromise within the territory the individual black identified bodies whose lived experiences are often overlooked dismissed and or ignored look, what do you have for us today? So I've heard today comes from loud Sue Chinese philosopher. Who he wrote the Dow J Ching. The Dow is basically just translates to the way and this is one of my favorite philosophical texts really into martial arts. So this was one of those texts. That was really that's really important to me and it's about self-examination and it goes knowing others leads to wisdom knowing the self leads to Enlightenment mastering others requires Force mastering the self calls for inner strength that's beautiful it resonates yeah as always do I love you so much thank you for I love you April with me thank you for helping me explore and body met outside of my head I made Metal cock meghna what does it meta cognition recognition that's when you're thinking about what you're thinking so to be able to think about what I've been thinking about allowed it really makes it something to be curious about not to be afraid about so thank you you're welcome and thanks to our listeners as always we've been really enjoying your support and your feedback and we wanted to go live on live feed but we realized that the real needs a laptop so let's make that happen let's make that happen let's give you a laptop and but we just want to give I want to give and I know to real feels the same way so I'm just going to say we in this in this one moment is that we want to give our infinite gratitude for sticking around with us listening to the podcast sharing the podcast with friends it means so much to us because we have decided to do this and not worry about perfection and to just show up and just be real and raw and like really discuss what it means to have a relationship with the Plants in the world and so we give so much gratitude. We would love to hear back from you on your embodiment techniques. Maybe even where you feel like you haven't been able to embody yourself. Where have you felt oppression? Where have you been able to overcome oppression and maybe also even if you feel called to just tell a little bit about what you're working on to work in the near embodiment and I can speak for myself. And this only do real you can confirm if after I say this but I'm always available. If you need to shoot me a message and want to talk to me about any of the topics. We are discussing because I think that it's so important for us to be accessible to the listeners as well because there's so much we can all learn from one another and I personally feel similar to do real where I am a student of life and I am just in awe. everyday I am in awe of the amazing human people amazing human beings out there creating being authentic and just expanding the world and with their activism of being here and being who they are every day without fail so thank you and I'm open to any discussions absolutely Bill encouraged to reach out to us black with plants on Instagram antler Alchemy on Instagram yeah All right. So again, thank you. Love you. Love every evening Ciao Bella. Ciao.