Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music.A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay. Hey guys, welcome to the podcast. This is my first podcast actually on this. I had a podcast before but it got taken down. We won't talk about that. But I have three other guys with me here today. They're all my best friends. Yeah, it's going just I got Patrick to my right Patrick introduce yourself. My name is Patrick. I'm a YouTuber / entrepreneur. / I own my own house at 19. So here we got some pretty cool been right in front of me introduce yourself, buddy. Wannabe rapper hopefully get there one day. Yeah, I'm 15. So first on this podcast excited, hold on guys. He's grabbing the chair. We're casting home campfire. But oh, I gotta sit in the campfire chair. Yeah. I got Ethan my final friend to my left. I'm the only black guy here. He's the only black guy here and we're cool with that. But yeah, this is Our first podcast I'm recording from iPhone will get better equipment later. But yeah at the moment my buddy Patrick the one I was to my right he's doing pretty good in life. He's got his own house at 19. It got two trucks spotted by a motorcycle and my all right. I'm doing all right for myself. Yeah. I'm doing okay for your age you're doing great for my age. It is what it is. I'm not touching that don't touch that machete. You know what you can do me a favor and put my put my antique machete down. And not in the fire. It's got four. All right. Wait, hold on you are getting a call right now, sir. Yeah, but been yes, I've known you for a while buddy. We're good friends. Yes. Sorry. He's talking to his girlfriend right now. We're just doing a podcast right now. Yeah. Well like I've known been for the longest time since he was little and before he was a gangster. I wouldn't say gangster. I would just say white boy who handles his shit. But you know, yep. Sorry. I just took a hit off my puff bar. Anyways off Ethan's puff bar. Anyways, Ethan is also doing pretty good in life. How do you say 18 or 17? He's 18 years old moved out of this house already. He's got what like three tattoos already for tattoos. I don't have any tattoos. I've never In your tattoos before okay. So I got all these balls with the crown right? That's for my homie who died and I did this one. I don't know. I don't remember doing any of these because I was on nothing. He was on my life. Yeah on the Japanese symbol for death on my back right there as a reminder not go on. It's pretty badass. I actually might do that. No, I'm skating. I'm gonna get her I'm gonna get life on the other side. And then while I really want to do is I want to go to fucking in Asia. They do the hand like that hand tattoos. I don't know. Just do it by hand. It's like with a little stick in like a little needle and then they just kind of and 1000. I know an hour's and I want to do my uncle's Hawaiian. He does that over ya know. I was born in Hawaii. That's where I was there for like six months and then I came here. So you're wanting I guess technically technically to extend. Well, I'm Hawaiian. I'm like 30% in Hawaii. I guess I have to go back to Hawaii if I want to get my fucking Social Security. I want to get a new social security card. Oh, really? Oh, yes, that's a lot wherever you were born. You have to go get yourself a new social security card from there. So you got to go all the way back to Hawaii. Yeah, that's crazy. And that is very interesting. You might have to talk louder buddy. Or sit closer, no not like that. But yeah, we're all pretty good friends. I've known him for a while except for Ethan. I like just met him already really close blow on it. I guess you would say. Yeah, we're pretty close. We're all just fighting. Yeah, we're all just vibing but like I would say we're all doing good in life. I'm 18 got a truck on the way. I'm not a move on my house into this house. I work at McDonald's unfortunately, so that's not that good. But so does Ethan so that's okay moving on the Starbucks. He does not that's not that's not right. I would say that's a bigger but we're missing our main man right now. He's on the phone with his girlfriend. We are we are the main man. Yeah. We're almost here. Yes. So like I mean Tom do a podcast kingsby with these four will have guessed sometimes but Yeah, I live in Tachi California. One of the worst places you could live in California. It's place is so bad just drama hos people want to fight you constantly my own a fight today Hells. Yeah, Ben Ben gonna fight with me without what I would me you gotta fight today. Whoop, whoop some fools ass he whooped him. I watch the video over and over. Shouts out my nigga Dustin the twin South how he stole my chair. I'm sorry. I don't talk to my girlfriend five minutes. I come back. You guys are talking about fighting. That's fine. My chair is stolen from me. And now I try to get it back and it goes up my shorts. Yeah, anyway, it's what do you what do you mean animal talking about I'm with my friend. Could you friend he's all over he's texting. He's like Alright, so we're gonna go meet up with this guy. We're gonna go chill and he's like, oh shit this other guy you got beef with is there with him and I was like what I was like let's go and I was like, let's go we pulled up and he goes up to him. He's like you got any beef with this fool just run the ones no jumping and we're like, all right, but now I'm already tired tired as hell. Fools a little scrawny. So it ain't no problem. Just bop bop bop squabble it out real quick. You know I'm saying I didn't really get hit. You ain't noticed. You didn't get hit once did you not really liked it. Even if you did a probably need me hurt. I don't feel anything, but you guys cool now with him are yea And then Ethan I've done called my God in Taekwondo for two years, but I've got my God for 13 and then a year of Street Fighting. See there's a block he was born knowing what's hey, let me take control of the podcast for just a second here. I have a cut on my arm, right and I'm blaming it on you Ethan. You can't see but I'm pointing at him very aggressively. Did you put that cut on my arm when I wasn't realizing it. Oh, he looked at me. He definitely did. So okay. Wait, I wasn't finished. I went I wasn't finished then let me know. No, I have a secret. I want to share with the one fan who's gonna watch this. Thank you one fan who watches ever wanted and probably even go ahead. Even I'm a fucking he's a fucking ninja have you heard it here first. He's a made up broke. Patrick's finger my thumb cut my arm. Beat the shit out. You made you cry. Yes, that's so is my son since is like a ninja so if we're talking about cutting look it's now this could go many different ways. This is a very depressing. Let's not forget that we can let us add Wicked taking the way that I'm gonna take it. I had this one girl, right and we're Chillin bed right show just announced kind of, you know, absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. No, you're gonna roast and toast her and send her on her way. You're going to make a new bird. Yeah. Yeah, and then she was like, so can I cut you across the chest with my knife while we're fucking that that is no for me that was enough for me to Chief. I was like, you know what I might I might take as far as a taser. That's about it. I have lots of my ex-girl. I have a Glock I would never use it during sex. I got recipe for disaster. I would you know, we're just hanging out making love looking at the stars. What kind of fucking blog how is that going to go? She likes it when you know, you gotta put it in a real. She likes it. When I pistol-whip. I feel like this conversation is being very unproductive and it's going somewhere where I really don't want it to go. Let's let's we're going to change the server. Let's change the subject Let's do let's flip the script. Hey, how about this? Let's flip the script. Let's talk about work group because I was a couple things I was here from work. Yeah. So let's address the word trap. Oh, yeah. He's alright then let's talk about work. Yeah, so I work at McDonald's in touch. Be working you pretty pretty pretty bad person start out work. We need more of these chairs. Yeah, we do. We definitely need our change said I got a pillow to be and every night thing we need this me set this up. Yeah. We definitely need to set it up. Whoops. I just have some fun. What is it? Yeah, we need to be like Joe Rogan but better The Misfits to be impulsive but better I feel like not Logan Paul Charles Logan Paul. Shout out of Logan Paul for having the best podcast. Shout out logo shout out for not giving us a shout out get that shot them out because maybe you'll give us a shout out for sure. Definitely won't definitely not even notice. We exist definitely doesn't know who I am, but like built a fire. I have my own house. I feel like I don't need Logan Paul to feel good. Well, I feel that that's actually huh. Right, actually, if you guys want to know the misfit podcast is actually number one on Spotify. Yeah, it's a number one. Our love Economist fits Misfits is my favorite podcast. Okay, Ethan just being an absolute Legend in giving us all gum. No, it's my way of saying y'all's breath smell like ass. Oh, thank you for addressing that in front of shout out even for being real to you confirming. Will you know, what? Even you can you deserve this? Shut up fuck, you know, I'm just kidding. So I have a question for you. Where are you from? I was well tells the whole story. I know maybe not on the podcast. Let's save that for another podcast. Let's change the subject. No disrespect towards you. I feel like we just need a better set up to some more intense. Hey guys. All right again story is very intense and I don't want to you know, do you dirty like that? Well, so let's talk about work back to my work subject. I work at McDonald's and I work in the kitchen actually with my buddy Abraham, you might hop on the podcast some time, but It sucks working there because Abraham is always doing the extra chores and I have to handle the grill the fryer and the table by myself. You guys are off the table is that's where that's where you put meat. Yeah, it's where you put the meat and shit on the hamburgers. Yeah. We just call it the table. And then so was I saying oh, yeah, so he goes off to his chores. He takes like 30 minutes and not to deal with rush hour all by myself. That sucks. No one was helping me at all. And I accidentally I ended up under cooking one of the Quarter Pounders. They gave it back to us with a bite in it and the Patty was red on the inside and let me tell you I think I'm getting fired. Sue us for that they could totally see us for that especially if they get sick question. Well actually know what is up with you and my machete and trying to melt it actually make me feel better just in case someone gets shot. We need to okay, no, no better not. Let's use a butter knife. I think a machete is an overuse of a tool because the What do you think? Someone's gonna get shot by a 50 cal could be if someone gets shot by a 50 cal in this room right now. They're not getting we are so hot machete is going to fix. Hey blown back Cal. We are going off topic a little bit Yeah, but that's gonna happen a lot. You can't you can't get sick from eating Robbie. You can't you've seen that video on Instagram. You've seen the video they got they got their guy takes the meat and eat it and like well, no because it's different. You can't get fucking diseases from beef. You can get diseases from literally anything. It's just the quality of the thing that you're putting in your mouth. Depends on what disease is you're going to catch. I'm pretty sure you could get sick from eating raw beef. Oh, yeah, I wouldn't recommend to all of our listeners out here. I wouldn't recommend eating raw beef do it. Don't try if you do eat Robbie just like Jonah pussy, at least make sure you know where that thing is coming from. I've you drinking so many rotten eggs. Don't call don't call us saying that we chose. G2 we do not condone eating raw beef. But if you do make that decision on your own just tell you the been taken as an adult as if you're not a legal adult ask your legal parent or Guardian before you eat robbief or live you like, you know, what you that's the beat. You don't want to smart and Google it Google it at least go on your personal cellular telephonic device with a touchscreen and Google say Hey Siri, never mind. I knew that was gonna happen at least ask your personal assistant if it's okay to eat Robbie, I'll do it right now. Let me demonstrate. Hey Siri, can you eat raw beef? Not as such exactly I wouldn't I would not as such the perfect absolutely would not trading. I agree with that inducing not a search not as such I could take a screenshot but I think it disappear because I turned my phone off what definitely not lying. I'm not a liar yet. I was It's not going to work. We don't have the same voice he say all right, hold on I get I can totally cut a little bit I guess but like we got to start talking over each other. Yeah, because that's going to be annoying for the viewers. Let me get any what now, I can do a point system. I could just leave this in the podcast, you know, just for extra shit to put on there. Yeah. Might as well because I want at least an hour-long podcast we could do an hour-long podcast. Like that's that's if we don't have 130 130 and let's all go to bed. Yeah right now no. All right. Good sleep. No, I'm kidding. I'm Yeah by me the pointing system could work. I'll take the cake for that one. I'll take the cake lot. When I am the goofiest one. I do own a dog that literally looks special needs know Katie's beautiful. We're not making for the special needs. Okay. It's a joke. My we are if we are what are you gonna do about it? All right pull up my Is not Jam kidding. I'll be like I could be like Iron Man who's most attractive Justin? No, you know just trust me it's a tie. No, we're all attractive. But our own special ways. It's okay. Just not been knocking about getting our friend Ben looks like love Pots if if Ben actually like try to dress up, I know you just get lazy. Sometimes you guys are just get lazy to put on whatever you have. No, yeah, bro. No, so I don't trust out because I'm literally in a sweatshirt and a bathing suit. I look like I'm ready to go to the beach swimming up with some sharks that leads me to a topic. We went to the beach at like 10 o'clock at night and we ended up coming home at like 6:00 in the morning, but it was such a fun time, except I had what we had eaten in the car. We had Patrick Laura Cheyenne. Yeah, we lure if you guys driving Laura. Is Ben sister, but we all went to the beach and when we got there they all ended up taking a nap and I just took a simple walk for about an hour. I I can attest I did not sleep. I cannot sleep if I'm having fun up the entire. I was doing all this even slept the most Ethan slept for all of us. He didn't sleep for me because when I sleep I sleep. I mean you did sleep on the way back. I can't wake you up for a little. Yeah for like an hour an hour. Maybe. No, I have vivid dreams and cars and I hate it. Yeah, but like that trip was honestly really fun. We just walked around with the beach and did stupid shit this fool made fun of me for sleeping. So yeah like Ethan he in the car. He literally sits straight up and sleeps like he doesn't rest on anything. He just sleeps. So doesn't lean over anything. Yes. I got to take me on the niche the next beach trip, bro. We will but text me I will I think the seats were full that like the back end was full of trash and rape van to carry the crippled. We do not talk about that. We do not need a rape van back carry people. I feel like that's a bad shot talk about the story of me getting robbed for a man. Go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like that's a good that's a good leeway to a different conversation. I didn't rob it wasn't like that. But so the beginning of story right? We're all post. We're here. We're in our town, you know saying another city about 45 minutes away Bakersfield, right? We all go to Bakersfield for this party. We're all getting lit. We're all having a good time, you know having a good time and then someone steals something from the party. So the party gets shut down and someone's outside like bro. Y'all Bitches probably should have stopped right there and automatically now. Hey, maybe not wear in Bakersfield. Yeah. Yeah Bakersfield but yeah, you know who trust you know, but no no I said, you know hear what I'm saying because I'm incorrect, you know, so yeah, but so we take them while driving and then they say, let's go to South Union. Why that's that's that's asking for that's just asking like bro. Like if you said Rosedale like I'll be like maybe okay, you know Rozelle is pretty popular area for parties, you know? Yeah Rose town but now so then we pull up to this house. Right and we're all posted up in the van for a minute and I'm all like bro the taking a minute. Let's just leave and they're all like, yeah, let's just sleep so I grab their scooters, but I'll throw them out. And then the like no don't do that. We're just joking. I was like damn not even like a minute later. They all surround the fucking van one guy just had the two guys had guns, which what I thought were real guns, but turns out they're fake but don't want to tell me till after the fact. Yeah, so I could have got down but I did because I was like not going to get down and get shot. Yeah don't get shocked. So they take us out of the van. I get bitch slapped. Someone gets pistol-whipped. We they take the van away we leave then they come back at the van put us all back in the van drive with us in the van till like 4:00 a.m. It's while I was like 2 a.m. And then we leave and we did and we went Splinter Cell on these fools you guys just disappeared. Yeah, we're just disappeared. So like you didn't like try to fight them at all. I'm not I definitely would have if I find if I knew there are fake guns. Yeah, I would have been home. Let's get you anything. Real guns. I feel like out of fought anyways, because it came back for my eyes. I'd be some shit like fuck off. Yeah, why would you leave in then? Yeah, but like what I'm saying is even if they did have guns in like two guys are pointing out the van. I feel like I'd be they want to kill me at that point. So I just go out there and just send it. There is a good amount of fucking people and we were just like, I don't know shut up. I'll try to keep everyone else alive while trying to keep myself alive at this, you know, you feel me bro good way to do that is just to keep quiet. Yeah. Yeah, no because the guy who had the fucking van kept talking to them and they're all like we want a cat pee so bad and then they pointed at us. Will I call you back there doing good. Y'all just shutting the fuck up. It's exactly what we need. I was like, okay cool and like halfway through we were just kind of I didn't feel like I was getting robbed anymore. I was just like damn because they're like, oh damn these niggas broke when not get longer felt bad afterwards. You know Xbox headphones that I barely use I have you know, $280 pair of Jordans. I have another pair of Jordans. Like if you're going to take something the show you going to take the shit heads. I have Phantom Reds and a pair of Shadows. But like if you're going to take that shit like you're going to take it. I got a I got a new pair of flights. Really? Yeah. They're like 2:30. I think, you know, I was thinking I was thinking I should go and buy myself a pair of Travis Scott's. Oh, yeah me that reverse Nike check the Lowe's or the the mids. I don't fuck with lows in the fuck with meds. Yeah, if you're going to get a j bro, just could I go straight Kanye West and go with Air Jordan 1 midst I don't fuck with any other Jordan right next to Ben. It's on his right side. Let's you guys can't see them. But let's take a look at them. They smell bad. I wear them almost every day. Well, let's take a look like are Jordan 1 Retros Phantom rights, if you guys can't you guys can't see right now, but he's holding it above. Like it's a conference cold as shit. They do look lose. He's happy if you're going to get shoes. You're not going to keep them clean. They are literally rolling on the ground. See I believe this is my thing. I could buy a 20 thousand dollar pair of shoes and they would look like this because I why would I buy something not to use it? Yeah. I think you're really cool shoes aren't collectors items to me their utility and they're useful. At least. I look good while I'm wearing spins 21 people spend $50,000 on the air bags. That's one plane and the smell the look. This is meat. I don't care if my white shoes get a little dirty. I could just easily clean these up. These look really good when they're cleaned up. I have a she restoration then do what is there even Jordan 6 shout out to me I fuck with MGK. That's what it is. Sheila Kelley's homosexual. Holy shit. This makes great kid. MGK I thought it was just Machine Gun Kelly I fuck me it is I'm an M&M fan. Oh, yeah personally when they had that beef I was like evidence Eminem literally just crucified roasted and fuck it up post it even so white boy. He even said he was like, I'm not making a song for people to enjoy. I'm making a diss track to end your fucking career. Remember what has track? He said I had to give you a career to destroy the owl's eye red eye. I heard that and I about pissed myself. Just keeping it the F real with you guys. Sorry, I the frick real I about peed my drawers that shit was dribbling down my leg while I was driving and I was satisfied. I said MGK you really just got thrown to the curb with a broken toe nail and your hair's messed up. Go back to the bar go into the bathroom get you a little makeup kit fix yourself up and move on. Yeah pretend that never happened pretend that never happened. You just got absolutely but fuck. I'm out to interrupt all of you guys for a second because I totally forgot to do this at beginning the podcast but I have to shout out anchor which is a whose were actually running the podcast right now. There are free sponsor. If you guys didn't know about it, it's free. I guess you could say. I feel like I need to write a rocket so you could be like David dobrik know there is a video sponsored by know. There is a script. I just forgot to read it and I'm supposed to read at the being a video but it's a free and it's like utility you can use to make a free podcast get it out there. You know, you can generate income from them. Yeah, you can like every viewer you getting money. Okay? He's just he's just there to say. No. I can't that's been saying but like anchor is helping me out with the podcast. It's like I said, it's a free sponsor and And yeah, that's pretty much all there is to it you make money off of it and they're generous generous enough to help every starting podcast out. Just like me and my friends if you guys don't know. Oh shoot. I forgot what it was called. I think it was the props. I don't even know. I shot him out in another podcast, but I just had to give you that word from our sponsor before this video can't even get up yours monster. Thank you to God sponsor. Anchor thank you. Anchor for allowing us to have this way for me to the ground and I'm not your little girl. I'm not saying this, you know, I who I really want to shout out maybe because I'm hungry maybe because I'm fat Del Taco. Oh Kitty. No Wendy's that's what it's not that it's a meal large with a water. I don't drink soda, by the way if you want to die quick. Inhale nicotine in any form of the word on condoning it but if you're going to die quick. Inhale nicotine to drink soda, but we're not we're not telling you to do this. I just looks very fun. Yeah, you looked at me intensely. I was like, I know I know I got some stories about listen, Ben. Listen. Listen Ben. No say something not cut me off. I am having a very heated conversation. I am slapping my hand on the table. You will never hear me get this mad and tell these next five times out on the podcast. We will never you will never hear me get this angry until next podcast, which is probably coming tomorrow. We're doing this. Every night I love every night. It's a boy thing. It's the boys. You guys are literally going to fucking live here. So yes, and I live now we can no female got some lessons Riley Reid. Okay, so shout-out lawn Aurora like my Texas Alexis Texas or the good dude on PornHub that looks like the mr. Clean know if Tony sends giant. I'm we don't have a choice. What Alexa just really just called us out like so just called itself. So if you don't know what that Alexa. Shut up. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Shout out to the Pismo Beach police like the detectives for stealing my Wi-Fi router. I cannot talk about why but did are going to talk about why we are not going to talk about why it's almost has a story detective police departure been happening. We're not going to say anything about it. You won't talk much as I always say This then I call you out on your shit because I fucking love you man. Okay. I also really you I really see you as a little brother. I've known you since before you were doing any trap shit. I want you to be a good kid. Say my new getting a little cabin out of your life or maybe three days ago. Yeah. Yeah, but like I was real quick. No one asked for your opinion. Okay? No, I'm just kidding. I love it real quick real quick just rusted and tells me through my okay side of the street. I was bleeding out my nose. This is why it's our first podcast. Because we don't know what the fuck to do. But anyways real quick. We don't condone any use of nicotine at all. Okay, do not condone anything. We actually recommend you not to we don't condone anything don't illegal just we don't condone anything sitting room. Would you not say something sit in your room and sleep seriously go get a job. Do your homework of yourself? And do your homework get your thinking about how cool we are? Yeah, exactly fall asleep to this podcast. You really want to know what we're saying right now. He's probably asleep right now, or she I'll just go nowhere. She do not order it or is it not whatever? Yeah, we do not this is not a single gender. Probably absolutely not if you're a woman and you're watching this right on I'm so glad that you're here and we all got to endure it all I do not I don't have children and I do not have lets me and Patrick both have girlfriends, you know, some of my stuff is stolen. Of course. Is this empty booze bottle of brandy? I remember I remember this. I remember this night. I Brr. Remember this night don't know what this is for. All right, so that's awesome the table. Okay. So you Blaster let's not let's not leave anything on the table. It's loud torch. I'm taking this. I'm taking this torch works until you have it. Thank you. I love you. Anyways, I forgot what I was going to say. But like we need a name for this podcast. We're thing want to call it like the fireplace podcast or the boys podcast. No. No, there's already a podcasting. Is think we know who we don't talk about their brand Steve shout out to Steve will do it. Shout out to Steve will do it Shadow driving Martin. Shout out to hot embossing Martin you are then you are Steve will do it and I am rather Martin. Yeah. Oh my God, you are always trying to do fuck shit in my house. And I am always calling you out. What the fuck you do do this. You want to smoke go out? Hey eight podcast. If I'm being honest without us men would probably be dead. Yeah, yeah, maybe Ben would definitely be dead. I was alive been a lot for a solid minute. You almost died a good amount of times probably more times. I can count on my hand, but we're not going to talk about that. There is a laser pointing very close to my eye and I'm not having it right now Ethan would you kindly put down the laser do it for the podcast? Ethan you're shining that in my eye you do. Hey, then you're dangerous. He's a wild man. I'm dangerous you are a you are a absolute fucking Maniac. You know that you are at home. You are an animal. Yeah. You are an absolute animal machine. Yeah, but team you are a Unstoppable force and guess what? I am an unmovable object. I will something will happen but we don't know what happened. We don't know real quick. I want to say that the podcast won't always be like this. It won't be just audio. We will have we will have a video format on YouTube we will but not for this one not for this one because I literally for the first so literally how this podcast happened. We just we were just sitting here and I came up with the great idea to start a campfire and then someone else said, let's make a podcast. So I got on my phone use the anchor app. You can download on iTunes and said fuck it. Let's start a iTunes. What did I just say album? I was just want to have an Android it's not charged. I think it's long, but you can you can literally just download anchor right now when no matter what you use and so I free podcasts out Apple. I have an 11:00 Promax my love it and like real quick. It's nothing. It's not like, you know, one of those free trial bullshit things you okay explain explain then? Shut your mouth. So like we're in a podcast just keep your mouth shut for a second. Let him explain the generous people that rely on us to do this. So like anchor it's not like one of those free child bullshit's, you know, like enter your credit card info and then you can have all this and that like there are I'm pretty sure there are premium features on that app spell out the app name a and CH o r and then like, yeah, like I said, you don't have To pay for it all it's literally free and you can start your podcasts Whenever Wherever and however you want to you can do with audio. I thank you can do with cameras. But is it I think yeah. That's the one thing you use but like who's going to sit there and watch a podcast honestly, I mean like The Joe Rogan podcast has a video format or the basement yard and a lot of payments. I'm downloading. I don't know if you heard that right now. I'm downloading. Wanker because I'm sorry it was yeah, actually actually if you let's have a moment where we just download anchor hold on like when you open it you I can actually read off the script. So you guys know exactly what anchors about let's read off the scrip. Okay. Nice. Yeah, sign up with email. I'm going to do that. What's my name? My name is Patrick Swayze train. I'm not going to say my last name. Yeah, we're not gonna like that. We don't say last names people don't live me for a very dumb reasons. Yeah my first podcast we would just talk shit about everybody so we didn't use our names but I'm not going to tell you guys my first podcast. I'm like, they need it were decent reasons, but I don't care. Okay. Yeah Ben's a gangster but sure to yeah. Sure like well, I'm like Ice Cube if he was white. Yeah. Not as cool and not as cool. He said but yeah, I want to talk about something else. It was something all my mind. I'm like really excited to talk about during podcast. I was gonna say sex stories. We're going to say that for another podcast will say the sex stories for the but I guess I feel like there's a risky Yeah, it is very risky because first I'm going to take him down because I was so so so I'm in the home page. How do I where do you want me to look hold out? Uno momento por favor? He's very white man. You got it. Y'all like set it up, but I'm not the first one. I like that. My first podcast was in a church. Yeah, we would talk about sex and drugs at church that is kind of bad, but it's actually really good. Podcast with microphones and everything and scene will be able to be like that when we all move into this house. But for now, this is all you guys get and you got to deal with it. I'm sorry, no problem. So, can I since I just joined anchor can I read the script? Yes, okay. Okay, so you're gonna you're gonna read it. Yeah, I'm gonna be around. Alright guys, he's taking his sweet time. I can just cut all this out. So we can just be quiet. Okay. So if you haven't heard about anchors the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor up or go to incurred on FM to get started. It's totally free easiest thing I've ever done. I've tried different other ways to start my podcast. It was they all like wanted you to pay but anchor like if we get paid they get paid so that's how that works. You know think we don't get paid, you know, so like our pod casting you go anywhere, but even if it does you never know our podcast might be number one on Spotify next week. You never know definitely not let them try. Well. We'll definitely try definitely gonna try it out. Yeah like See if anyone's actually going to listen. I want you guys. I mean, I'm not going to force you guys to you gotta give us some slack. Okay, first podcast. We're not professionals Patrick's we're doing. All right, we are doing all right. We're keeping the conversations going to say you're like a social person. You're really good with people but we're not professionals definitely not professionals, but I am definitely a lot more apt. I'm a YouTuber, you know, yeah, and then my way is you're talking about I think we should get Josh on the yeah. Somebody saw the same thing once he's done something and being sad. We'll get him on. Yeah. Josh is really cool guy. What's your question for everyone? I believe we should all answer this question. What is what is one of the moments in your life that you were struggling the most either the money with your mental state physically a very open question, you know, this is this could go longer any type of struggle but this how and tell them how how did it help you grow bones in my feet are broken right now. Thanks to you two plus Abraham are but also how did you get through that struggle? And how did it help you grow? Let's start with Justin and go to Patrick the now we'll just we'll go from like first person all the way back. So like I have multiple different answers for all those questions when I was struggling money, the most was actually recently because I just I just turned 18. I'm now realizing a harlot how hard life is without money. Yes, because well as my parents I really didn't care and like I know I'm not trying to brag or anything like put anyone else down but I used to get a lot of stuff handed to me and I didn't realize how important like it was to work for your own your own shit. So like now I got a job and money. I'm like really noticing how I take took everything for granted, you know, like I had a free house with my parents they paid for everything for me to pay for my food and all that and now that I'm Almost out. I got to pay for my own stuff. It's actually really really hard. It's not as easy as most people might think you know, like when we were kids are like, oh it's gonna be so easy being an adult, you know, just make money. It's not it's really not and McDonald's really doesn't pay. Well my first thing you guys don't listen to Big Donald's is a great start. It's a start it's a star but like it doesn't my personal opinion if you have a job you are better than I'd say 40 percent of the people. At least in your local area and you have a job especially as a teenager if you have a job, you are at least doing something right someone at least gave you a chance to help Bo exactly. I was actually getting to that but like that's when I was struggling financially when I'm struggling mentally was also part of that but also trying to figure out I'm still struggling with it. Where is my daughter Katie? I'm struggling with who I am and who I want to be because I have a lot of different career paths. I can take I could join the military. I could go to college I could actually ride out until I get a manager position at McDonald's, but who wants to do that? Because they literally get paid like a dollar more but you also get more hours. Yeah, but like I'm really struggling on what I want to do in life. And the more I think about it more and puts me down and the more I don't want to do anything, but I'm not going to let that affect me at all. I'm going to push to be the best version of myself. 100% of the time and then what was the other question you asked mentally financially you get through. How did I get through it? I actually do my friends just like what your friends are one of your own to say like they're very close allies. They are very close allies, especially people like the forward three gentlemen, I have around me right now. They are all respectable man. Who document take a balloon I would die for all three of you guys. I would die for definitely Justin of been maybe not you I barely know you see well, even if I barely know how much I got you. That doesn't mean that I don't like you like that just means that I don't know you well enough but like finishing that question my parents also and also just taking the time to think about how I can fix it. You know, I'm not going to let I'm not going to sit there and just be sad about everything is wrong the whole time. My thought process is like if something's wrong What can I do to fix it. Yeah, absolutely. Like most people I know they sit there and cry about it. Yeah, like that's not gonna get you anywhere, you know, you might get attention wasting time. You're just going to get attention and that's it. What's that going to get you? Honestly, like what do you just want people to feel bad for the long run? What are you gonna gain from? Someone feeling bad for you? What do you want? Yeah. Well, you're gonna get your 15 minutes of fame. And then what are you left with you're still going to be sad? You're still going to be dealing with that problems affecting you there's issue if you want someone to be with you. And that also bring other people down because if they see you said say their clothes with you that's going to really affect them stops to be exact just stop something. So that's how that's how I fixed it. I just stop stop sipping start working. The only thing I've seen to be like that but seriously in all in all realness it out and cracked. Hold on. I want to say something real quick. But like the quicker you start working on yourself the better your life will be like, I know people I know a lot of girls and guys are like Oh, I'm just going to take time to myself but you'll just sit in your room and stay on your phone. No, but sometimes there's a health factor to that. Sometimes you just need to be with you. I believe in working as hard as you can towards a better future, but that doesn't mean you're working 24/7. You obviously need time to relax. Yeah, I don't know about my viewers. I believe in God and I believe there's you know break days that you have to take absolute sit there and go to church or something like that. Yeah. I do a lot of dumb stuff, but I'm a teenager. What can I say honestly every night before I go to sleep. I lay in bed and cuts and just think about my day like could I have been kinder to this person? Exactly exactly. What I do I've done this differently and if so, what would have happened and then by the end I just say Well, it happened but I can do this differently next time. Yes. That was actually a really good question been passing on the Patrick because that's honestly I think that's the best answer. I could have given to all. Three of those questions. I think I'm gonna go with the hardest just in general both financially mentally is when I was living I was living in a trailer in the middle of butt-fuck nowhere. I love when people use that term broke the water. Let me put it this way. It was it was so bad the water I was drinking and showering will not showering in the water. I would kind of shower with as it was black black water and you could never really trust black would also smelled like something was dying. That's what I had and it got to a point and I had no food no money. No Transportation. Didn't wasn't old enough to have a job. I was in a bad place. Come on with you at this time. I'd say 15 and a half 16. No, no. No, I was 14 turning 15. Yeah, just because you can get a job at 15. Yeah. No, I was 14 going on or 15. So I was mixing I lived in for trailers in my life before I moved into this house, but I don't want to interrupt you at all, but Like I'm gonna say this real quick just you know, because we're kind of explaining. Yeah how we were when we were younger I was born in Bakersfield I'll have lot of guys would know what that is. But where that is. It's basically like, it's a crackhead Town dude. It's so bad. They're the homeless population. There is crazy you guys. Yeah. Yeah. So like what I was living in Bakersfield, I was homeless I we lived under a bridge for Four months and then my parents I'm okay. I'm gonna get really deep right now. My parents were really abusive. Save some I'ma save some of it by like they're really abusive and we ended up getting taken by my current family right now. We'll get into that. It's like really really whack and then the more I explain to them where you guys will make sense to you guys, but like I was in a hard time when I was young and my parents were on hard drugs when they were when I was conceived. So I have a lot of mental issues right now, but I'm keeping them under control because like I said, I'm working on myself. Yeah, exactly and I don't want people. Okay. So like I hate when people make fun of me of my issues and we'll get on to that later when Patrick so talking about a story continue anyway, so I was drinking Black Water wasn't taking a shower for two three weeks. The time I literally remember the longest time I went without food was I think two weeks so at that point I was eating things like paper and cardboard and like like how you joke about it. I was actually doing it. So I was in a place that I just I was I would turn into an absolute animal like literally I was like computer pure Instinct man, but um, I don't know the way I got out of it was I just I compartmentalize everything and I still have Trauma from it. But I still I still I realize I've been a better place but I don't think I'm fully gotten out of that on the whole I have to be honest. I found out who you are. Nothing to be ashamed of nothing but shame during your your hard times. Wow, like at least I'm not that innocent unless there was a chance that you could change what happened to you. It is nothing that happened but it isn't a chance it wasn't because your dad was so young. Yeah, like no matter where you came from. There's nothing to be ashamed of you can't do anything about it. Yeah, you were born in that situation. Yeah. So like if you can make it out of a tough situation, you are a tough person now exactly like very like Patrick. He's a very tough guy. And yeah, so actually just explain how you grew for my thought was well the other part of the question, but since you just explain that sounds like she really good my turn. Yeah. Are you done? That's all I need to explain. Are you good? Yeah, I'm fine. All right, well I'm trying to think should I talk about this talk about financially first? Like are we struggling financially? Well, I still struggle by Ashley. I'm trying to think we all do I do too. I'm trying to figure out some way to make money. But you know, it's kind of hard to find a job right now, but it's time we get there. I'm gonna get there. It's going to work out. Hopefully I'll just keep a keep your head up things always work out. Hopefully it will ya, you know, I'm not ready to give up yet. So So I mean it when you give up that's whenever all hope is lost that because you gave them any stop mentally I think so the worst place I've ever been in mentally was when I would honestly just say I was Solace and didn't really care about how people felt her. Nikolai was friends. I knew you were on that time, right? Well not as much. Well. Yeah, we're closer down when I was kind of coming out of that. Is and I became less of that. I remember you. Yeah, like I was getting in fights all the time, you know, just doing you know, whatever just because I was part of that stupid shit. I wanted to call themselves a gang. No, and honestly, I don't mean to cut you off but I was there to because I remember I was getting paid by people to beat other people up. Yeah, me too and if you could fire it up basically go and it got to a point where I would come close to killing someone because I have 13 years. They've probably got training so I know how to keep people easy. I could kill anybody in this room and again even sweat, but that's a very scary thought but to be completely honest like I got to a point in my life where I could I could kill someone and I could know I could easily I could easily kill someone I got close to doing it and it got to a point where I was just like why I really don't care. Yeah that way, you know, it was like it was like, oh I could see someone with you know bleeding. Out of every hole in their head, you know, every place blood could come out and I look at them and I did that. Mmm. What about no because I like what about it? So what kind of realize that yeah human 13 years of Krav Maga training that's dangerous. It's like you are a dangerous person, but you were but like Krav Maga wasn't created to kill people's creating to defend yourself. Krav. Maga was created to kill people. Yeah, Krav Maga was looking for most dangerous sports. It is the most dangerous martial art in the world and you can fact check me on that. You know, it's a close bet between Krav Maga and I think like I think more tie but most high is more of a sport. Well, somehow was mostly grappling know Krav. Maga is incapacity no more time. Oh might I had no choice is kicking. Yeah, kickboxing. No, Krav. Maga is incapacitating get the fuck out of there. And that means kill someone then I means kill someone whatever you do to yourself. We're not very animal anymore. Okay, not to let you guys know do not hurt anybody fuck out of my life and bend over like do it here like that. If barely any dark slide only if needed only if Neil that's I'd rather talk my way out of a fight not to be a pussy, but just because I rather not counting but like yeah could but I know I feel like I was saying like a my mental space I had that like no Matt like To be in the place where no matter if you did if you looked at me in the wrong way or that have to you know, just fight them and I'm saying yeah, and I could very easily go to that place, you know, you you're on my block or something and I'm a handle it using PC. But like now I'm not in the position where I have to be like that anymore now, I'm not trying to you know, rep something. You know, I'm not sure that make a name for something that stupid, you know, people not to disrespect any gang members because I know many, you know I know a lot of real real hard people who I respect. I give them upmost respect to but a good portion of people joining gangs join it because they're scared. They can't defend themselves and be there for themselves and protect themselves because personally, I believe friendships who like you me like I'm a protect you because I love you. Yeah you filming that is way more powerful then I'ma protect you because you got jumped into this group. Yeah, and that's something I've definitely learned because I mean I got fucked over. I was supposed to be my family and I think that's especially now, you know still it's I'm still getting through that channel like trust people and everything like that. So I guess that's sort of mentally but I've definitely come way further with help of therapy and meditation and many experiences through the mine. See, I'm such a hard as that. I don't believe in any of that but that's more is just how I was raised. I don't believe in medication or meditation men. III meditation, I feel like that it's honestly whatever helps your soul. Yeah, that's not me. It's my my quote unquote meditation or or mental help was literally just just figuring things out. That's why I started businesses and shit because it was just like it's just another problem to solve. Yeah. That's what makes me feel. Like I'm making a contribution to myself definitely but there's two triples in two different mindsets towards them. Yeah, right personally. My therapy has been the gym. Yeah, everyone has their own form of their meditation or therapy. No, I'm not dissing anybody's I just you know, it's just like religion, you know, you believe in what you believe in and if it helps you then, you know, so be it. Yeah, definitely. Well like yeah personally not to get too deep on the religion of point. But you know, I'm just a touch up on that real quick personally. I don't believe in any religion. I just believe that something did make us whatever that thing is. Appreciate it. Yeah, no, no matter what because even if there is something else speak God that something is way more powerful or just in any way more your you we us as humans our minds are too small to comprehend even comprehend why do you think there's someone new religion is like so many different ideas of what people think God we're all just tiny tiny beans on a rock in the middle space we all don't know what the fuck were doing here yeah exactly where I'll just put here you know it could be for a reason it could not be for real yeah we know you could be on this Earth for a reason like some very much minimal or very very very large scale that I personally I hope my reason you know because I really want to do music and chat a touch yeah who knows better touch kid let's refresh Under simple syrup. I'm pretty sure a lot of people have gone through it. A lot of people. I know honestly, I think that's where my friend group comes from is all my friends have gone through it all my for all the people I associate with I've gone through it. I think that's why they're there matured the way they are. There's the way that they compose themselves in public and in private, they are definitely a lot on a different level than the kids who grew up privileged I grew up with. My mom was making yes hundred thousand dollars a year, you know on a bad year, so I grew up in Stream Lee privileged but at the same time I was I was raised like I was raised like like I if I work for my money I paid rent. In fact, you know, I was nothing was handed to me. I had to work my ass off for it, which is why I am the way I am now. Yeah, but I feel like I've matured a lot just by hanging out with Patrick. You've had a definite. Oh not just by hanging out. Don't don't credit that to me. That's all you may know me. I'm crediting you because if I didn't have friends like that were mature like this. Hung around idiots the whole time I would be an idiot. Yeah, I would not a fucking bullshit yourself with right, but I'm not gonna say I'm 100% mature because I like to look around a lot. I like to fuck around a lot. Like if you're friends with me, I will fuck around with you all the time. Yeah me and when I hang out with you, it's literally like was just fun. We never really get we we're still in that sure we literally just said like poop and we'll start laughs. Yeah, that's how much immature we are. If you're outside of the circle, then you wouldn't understand. You know, it's like you look at him. Like what the fuck were they so childish, but, you know see What goes on behind the scenes? You know, you don't see like especially with me at least it's like you don't see the work I put in or at least Patrick putting a lot of work he at one point he had three jobs. Yeah, I don't need the recognition like it like I'd rather like like my favorite quote is fuck the fame. I'll take the money. Yeah, like let me put in the work. I don't need to be famous for its just let me take the rewards. Yeah, you know because it's like what's the fame going to do for me? I'd rather be rich Then famous, I mean what following honestly like and honestly, I would always take famous as being famous as well because who wouldn't want to be well-known, you know, well I'm saying I wouldn't want to be well-known I would take the money over. Oh, I'll take the money over the fame when I understand that depends on because you only get one so you only get one would you rather be well-known or super pretty I would rather be super-rich invite a good message to put out that much. I mean, yeah, and anyway it goes both ways, I guess. Yeah, I mean, like I said, everyone is different if they want to if you want to be famous and be well known than do, you know all power to you you can be famous and well-known and and real in real terms like you could be famous and the money comes with the fame you're saying that I would rather be I'd rather be behind the scenes, you know, I love the being behind the scenes and I'm learning how things work and how the cosmic problem. Don't let the critical. I love that. I love where you're coming from. But all my personal pain with the famous see everything everywhere. Like anything we see is just how our is our mind right now with your Fame you are able to connect to multiple Minds. Yeah whole and the mind is a whole different thing if you can just change something in a line. That's beautiful. Yeah. Mine. I I I almost compare a mind to a universe, you know, like different universes. You know whole thing because it's remarkable. It's a whole thing. But if you can affect some the way someone sees something or someone out of the way, someone thinks of something you've just changed their whole way of living a life. Absolutely a whole lot. Yeah exactly. I totally get where you can and even if that means like like the Buddha, you know, he made he made no money. Yeah zero. Well Jesus made no money. No. Yeah. All Jesus is also a savior any religious figure or you Super influential figure in history. It's like they really made no money. Yeah, they were just in it to change people. Yeah, I think I think where we're at right now. I think this is a good spot to at least I have hold on. I gotta check this real quick. We're at what are we at right now wherever 458 so I have a minute to wrap it up, but I know but like I only say your peace then you have yeah, we have one minute. All right hard times. Mentally, he's fucking deal with it. He just dropped to notice emotionally. Honestly, it's still a fight. It's still something I'm struggling with something like going through. You know, I don't think I'll ever truly figure it out. But you know, I'll make it and honestly coping it's just honestly the gym I'm at the gym 36 hours a week. Like I'm down there six days a week. Actually, I like just to finish it up like you guys have an amazing night. thank you for listening I forgot what we call our podcast is the boys podcast I'll be on Spotify soon will be on YouTube no just the boys the boys out there life sucks but yes yeah all right so we'll catch him next podcast guys see you later you always have I