But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make my hair. Styles but yeah, but I knew has my Harry Stoke up and her shirt over my got an eye on Creeks. Oh my God, and then I have my Fiona cup. If you don't know who that is. You're trash Fiona the hippo come on. Yeah, so I don't know the order I have and of going and is Nile because obviously that's one came out first so and then Harry, but first, I'll first meet a lot of people know because my boy In our last episode we were like awesome. Go to Vegas. Should we not love you guys. The bitch is gone. Take a guess. I am bitch. We're bitches. We're going to Vegas and quite frankly. We as soon as we finish recording that episode. We booked everything. Yes. We just like put the mic away put the computer away and we're like we had to leave I plan to make small talk in by small. I mean we were just like should we and then we were like, yes. Truly we were like the we ever gonna happen again. Yeah, we were like low-key panicking about it. Like they we do it. I'm like if we're gonna do it. We just need to do it right now because if you leave we're at my apartment. I was like if you leave here it's and we don't do it. We're just not going to do it. So we have to say we did it. Yeah, so we'll be in Vegas Easter weekend. Yes to see the Jonas Brothers at their Vegas resident. I'm so excited and we are pumped. Yeah, we're going to I know on April taking my you to the Eiffel Tower and yeah. Yeah, I can't wait to go to Paris and New York wewe and I don't as well as concert all in one day. It's gonna be amazing amazing. Hope that I went big money in Vegas. So to know I gotta pay myself back for the hotel JK. But yeah, we're excited. I cannot wait that's so yeah guys you guessed right? Yeah. She was appalled of you. Yeah. Well we go. Yeah. Yes. Obviously, you're dumb bitch. Of course, you're going. Yeah, I'm really excited. Oh and today is also the year. It's been a year since the Jonas Brothers announced they were like getting back together. Like holy yeah. Oh what a glorious - it doesn't feel like it's been that long China just cause I'm just so excited about everything they do true. And I got like Spotify has been sending like people those like those like little you're in the top one percent for Us artists and I got it for the Jonas Brothers, which I'm like I don't feel shame about anything but I'm like, come on. I need a I thought I would be in it for John Mayer which is like true, which maybe you'll get that one. Maybe I am also by have a feeling because I got no one's top 1% that maybe my dad just have my Spotify then like accident like or maybe you just might have too much. Apparently. I'm not that good. Yeah. I'm not good at loving one person. There's too much variety, but that's just say when we shocked him. It's like whatever. Yeah, like it doesn't let you know it was like you you win a trip to Vegas. He likes it on his phone. I was gonna say because I don't think it popped up on the computer. What if it would be a 1% of something he listens. Yeah. That's all right. Have you like great again? Yeah, so that's our that's our confirmation and we're going to Vegas and we're so excited and not wait. We'll talk about it. Obviously big baby. It'll be a big discussion. But we'll just maybe we'll like take a video or something when were in Vegas to post on so take time. Oh my God, I remember Molly post Tick-Tock posted a tick tock and believe it. Maybe I'll do it for this because it's their actual song. It will be closer. Oh, yeah, we're going to be in the pit to which was honestly the cheapest like as cheap as the seats in the back because like a lot of the seats behind the pit or like tables It's like because it's like Vegas so it's like bottle service or whatever. I don't If they're all bottle service, but some of them were like thousands of dollars in the pit was like a hundred something. Yeah. I'm like obviously in the pit. It was funny because like I was telling someone I was going because obviously I'm bragging and slate of the just - she's super nice and so she's like in her 60s and she was like, oh my God, that means you have to stand all night and I was like, yeah. She's like, why are young you can do that, but I was like girl I do that every time I go to a concert. That's true. Yes, and I would do anything for them if they told me to stand for eight hours. So worse even though like I said the weekend, but we're like because technically we're gonna be there on Friday Saturday and Sunday just very light very early flight from Cincinnati on Friday. Is that 10? Bonnie p.m. So we didn't get to go 11:30. Yeah, we'll get in Vegas at 11:30 p.m. Their time and then Sunday we come back at like 6:00 a.m. This week because I was just like we land here like 1:15 in the afternoon and I'm like, I'm cool. I can come home and goes. Yeah. Well that was really the only option anyway, because like when we were looking for flights, like all the other return ones were like it was going to take like six or seven hours to get home because I was like, so you guys know we're like one in the morning the next day. I was like, I'm not like I'm not gonna go Moses was cheapest. I don't even know if I'll sleep. I'll just be yes and we will like you said will do a little video or pictures or something that w Mya podcast that's the Twitter by only laugh because when we were in Chicago in December for Jingle Ball, I don't know if it's just because Maggie got very drunk and so did I but Bill you literally look to be in the hotel room near like we should make it tick tock and I'm like, huh? Okay, and then we never did because wait a tick tock to what I don't know you just told me you wanted to make this like, okay and then we didn't but I did. You know, I started The Tick-Tock you really sure that at the DJ night. Yeah, so will we it's whatever we would definitely have something to post. Yeah, of course. Yeah not content content baby content. That's about you know, that's why we do these things. We want to yeah. Enjoy what I do. I don't you have anything else to talk about? No, let's let's do it. Let's talk about So since we last recorded and I also released another song it's called no judgment then here now. I wrote down some things about like who wrote it and stuff. Of course. I feel like we should always feel like we need to add a little bit of information to some of these things. So it was written by Nile and with Julian Panetta goat Tobias gesso jr. John Ryan and explicit X plus it whatever it was also produced by Julian, Vanetta. Whoo, like he like wrote all the One Direction stuff with him. I actually listened to like this podcast called. Well, I only listen to Julian bananas episode, but it's called an the writer is and it's about songwriters and I saw there was a Julien benneteau episode and he talks about like One Direction the function it I think I'll listen to more episodes eventually. But yeah. Anyway, that's besides the point. Yeah. What do you think about no judgment the song let's not not the video. This is time just the song. I Love It I mean, I think it's very Cute, I don't know. I don't know how to describe. I mean obviously, I don't know there's never I'll be honest. There's never been like a song by Nile that I've like disliked. Yeah, there's some I listened to more than others. All right paper houses and love paper houses. I don't want to lose. Yes. Look at that party browser far away so far away now, I think it's not redeemable part of all of my songs. Yeah paper houses and far away. That's so funny because I go into the lease. I get it. I think the And in part is really gotta Wanna Lose You I Don't Wanna Be Right Here Right. Like every time of the concert was like this genius, but well no offense this town. I'm over it. I don't even count that. So I never forget about us. I just remember when sorry I'm getting off but it's alright, it's alright though. Cos I remember because he was the first one to ever really said anything. No after their split King and what's funny is you had just texted me that day and you were like, oh, yeah. There's a rumor. He's released a song. Like I really don't think this is happening, you know like 30 Minutes later you were like, oh shit. It was real like wait a minute and I had to run to class that day flexibly like for 14 times before I left to go to Cosmos. Like I'm gonna be late like running into the room like fun like sorry. Sorry. I was late for honest truth. No, I truly though. I love this song. I just think it's very catchy and I made a joke. I really I will tell you I will make this a little funny Tick-Tock or something. I made a joke to Maggie the other day and Barefoot is and type of wine or like a you know, like a so cheap like the brand. Yeah, it's like as people call it the college wine because it's like some bugs and it's so worth it. So I don't have a wine opener open it exactly you just twist the top right off and put a strong on it if you want. So anyways, I was like basically Niles telling me to drink Barefoot and a bottle of wine. So today I got has a fancy bottle and but I was just like that's genius. No, but yeah, I just think it's very catchy and cute and I love him. Like I said, I just I don't know like every time he has a song out of his like you little shit, but you did it again, but I yeah, I just plus I've always leaned towards like I like his I mean, I do like a slower stuff but like I've always wanted like upbeat little catchy. Yeah. It's very rare that I have that dumb as like the course is very like danceable and I really like the good Cara like the Riff at the beginning. Yeah, let me just play the like the beginning of the song. Anyways, yeah, I want to buy it a bottle barefoot in a bottle of expensive line. It's and then I'll make it take this guitar riff. I think that part is really good. So um and then it goes right into the versus really well and like his vocals on this are so nice smooth and Airy and like I don't know it's a very simple song I think a lot of miles music is really simple. I don't think he's like pushing the boat. Out the car on it and on any of it, like music-wise like the chord progression is pretty straightforward and I don't know but like the melody it just it just fits so nicely over. Yes the music and it's fun and dance bowl. Like I said before and I just I don't know. I like it a lot. I'm really me. Let's just say how you with wouldn't else ya got and I was that was that in my sisters. I am happy when I will say when this came out it got me like nothing. I already was excited, but I think I'm just very Excited for his album because what I just talked about that too, but yes for sure. I just I don't know. It's just yeah, like for me it just like reminded me of it is I'm excited because I like I like his stuff like I mean obviously but like I just like like you can have said like it's very simple but it's also like just like some of my favorite music ever. Yes. I feel like he did very well with his first album just because I'm like again like this is his music is just a little different because he's very obviously is Irish, but it's just very like I don't Don't want to say foki. But I mean he does that like he has that I know to me type of music sometimes like that sound but it's I don't know just fits me. So well, I think like you're you're definitely right. I think I love the I don't know. It's just like it's him. It's just him like yeah, his music is as approachable as he seems as a person like he seems like somebody you can hang out with easily and his music is something that's easy to enjoy and I think yeah, I love it. Let's talk about the videos of him video directed. Goodbye, Drew Kirsch. Yeah, recently directed to Taylor Swift music videos. You need to calm down which was like a big and then lover which I don't remember very well because it's not as like big and bold as you need to calm down but the no judgment is Sigma D else is so weird. It made me laugh like it's definitely as I mean, it's really like the most effort Niles ever put into I mean I'll has so few music videos. but Iran is like he's never gone at that much out of like the way for a music video before like that was a production because I'm trying to think on the loose was just kind of him by a pool. Yeah, and then this town's just literally just that's like barely even a studio one too much to ask I guess is like probably the it's stuck wasn't most that she put it. Well. No, I guess nice to meet you is I mean, oh, yeah true true. I was like trying to think. Vans or he didn't really set true tragic anyway, so it would be like no no judgment. Nice to meet you. Like it's his too much acid a little of them me about even just a piano on a girl Dana. So put a little love on me and like this town doesn't and then on the loose which is like him and a girl like walking around and I'm gonna pull her. Oh, yeah the cause I'm gonna car right? It's like top. Anyway. Well I'm saying is no judgment on another level for his videos. I'm sure he's got now. I want to just go back to YouTube after this would be like what else? I think that's all okay, but it's really cute. And I was like give him an Oscar, you know, because that acting funny great the time in The Mating they're mating cycle of human. You look so good in that suit. I know bowtie because then what's funny is it his shirt also white so it Use me because at some points in the video, he just has the sugar has like the and then at some point C is the jannah' Mike. Wait. Yeah too much but it was so like someone who thinks that couple that old couple we're doing. We're so fucking gross. Like I like I like I get that stuff the point of the song but I'm like, whoa, you really are like, like what was he was like they were eating like shrimp off their. Yeah. I was ill and I was like, ahh, he's like peeing until like I wouldn't what does he think he's just like paying outside which I guess isn't that weird that like weird but the shrimp and the feline was the grossest. I don't like feet like I either I just know Peter Griffiths to me and like even my own I'm just like it's just weird socks on right now. I'm hiding my feelings. But yeah, it's I don't know. I'm very I mean, I'm very thankful I have for you. Like also like why would you eat anything that has touched like this disguise? There's no judgment. I will judge you harshly or on that there's no judgment between them. That's true. Nothing. But yeah, I overall a very cute concept. That's the thing. Like I like it was funny because I feel like I texted you. I was like, oh that's cute. You were like that was fucking weird sort of like you have I'm thinking like weird and acute. Yeah. It's like I got it. Cool. Yeah. Well, I was watching the first time I was like, oh this is cute. But then I would like my second later be like, oh, I guess I liked it a lot now. I just want to go back and watch it just to see what else was. I feel like there was like one or two other weird things that I was like, yeah the fuck. Yeah. I mean as much as I love now it even if he was like Hey eat the shrimp off my foot. I'd be like no. But also but what I sure I don't like shrimp that much I don't like it. I don't like I'm French. Oh, yeah, I do like right like popcorn you gave me a shock punch. I'm not a chicken to the lots of and I also ate a lot of chicken two days ago, which was actually oh, yeah. What's funny is when Ash Wednesday came about since you know, I grew up in a well. I went to Catholic grade school and high school and EM. Anyways, I broke away and call him we all broken but me and my friend are my one friend, but on Twitter shoe said it's fresh fish fry season, but she's been season is just like as if Heaven my other friend responded with like she's because this is so true. She was just like it's Friday night, and I'm Really nervous because we're going to the fish fry and the guy I like is going to be this so I'm gonna order a slice of pizza and then try to sit nice and I'm just like, oh my God, this is so accurate and then like they respect the other friend responded. She's like I expect another one of these tweets when the festival's come around in the summer. Oh my God. I was like, I don't even know if like fit our fish fries big for Catholics everywhere. I don't know about I mean everywhere. I feel like this area. It's Goes Ham on got their fish fries. It's insane and I've also never understood why fish is the one meat that you can eat, right? Why is it fish count as me I'm like, this is a animal still like if this is your big thing completely derailed, but I don't give a shit. No judgment judgment. I always think about that. Having this I will go too far but like me my face Robin discussion the other day. I'm like if you know all this stuff forever ago whenever this happened if it was a thing, it's like who decided? Okay guys, we're really going to show how good we are by not eating meat. You know me time. Yeah. I'm quotes on Fridays for 40-something date whatever it is, but was like who the fuck thought like, I'm just like who actually sat down and thought of that like no, No, but they're like the fish we can do that because at one time that Jesus turned the fish into the whatever the hell all the bread and the fish the wind and the water water wind. I went to Catholic school. I know what's up. Yeah, as I said and that is that is the gospel today. This is the gospel truth. I'm going to hell anyway. See you there. No gentlemen, great song great video. We will all this so sorry Nile that we just talked about. Um fish. I thought it was your fault. You put you up in your videos. Yeah, you're right. Okay now we'll talk about what you have any more thoughts on the video. Do you have have you just he just heavy red to track listing? Yeah. Do you have it in front? I need your pain. Now what I can I'm gonna Instagram because I think we should talk about the tracklisting one and then also say which songs Just based on the titles that yeah, like most excited to hear me love. So now obviously release East but one no judgment came out. He also announced the album. Yeah weather coming out in March what days are coming out, March 13 Right. That's my shit 14 - 13 March 13th. Yeah, because that's right. That's two weeks away. I know whoa anyway crazy. So I have one quote from Nile about the album that relates to the track listing. So he said no and I don't know what interview this was an I don't remember. Sorry. He said when I listen to albums, I like to listen to them start to finish with heartbreak whether I wanted to tell the story that was in my head. Hopefully lead people down the lane of an album track listing versus just I'm gonna or the storytelling Lane of an album track listing versus I'm just gonna skip to the next song. I was trying to think of how I could write a different album than the usual. I wanted to write songs from different sides are from someone else is perspective looking in. So we have a story on our hands, right and the story goes in order heartbreak whether track one black and white chalk to Dear patients track 3. When I read bend the rules track for small talk track 5. Nice to meet you track 6 Put a Little Love on me seven arms of a stranger 8 everywhere 9 cross your mind ten new angel love that 11. No judgment 12, San Francisco 13 and still 14. So we have 14 songs lat that's a good amount because I feel like most people do Is are in the range of like ten to twelve songs on an album. So 14. Thank you, and then they may like I feel like some artists may get to 14 because like boat on a strip of this. Yeah, like just already what we're getting. I know I'm excited. I love a lot of these titles intrigued me, but I think I'm most excited to hear bend the rules arms of a stranger and cross your mind. I think okay. So those are the three I'm excited. I'm excited about for all of them. Obviously. Yes heartbreak weather. Yeah, that's a good one. Because like mmm, excuse me. Did I interrupt you when you were saying you're kidding? I know there's so many I also agree with arms of a stranger because I'm just think I don't know. There's so many things. I'm thinking about that. Yeah. That's that's like a follow-up to nice to meet you true true and then I but it's not because Put a Little Love On Me. Between them. So if it's telling a story that doesn't make sense. You have to make sense when you're telling your story. This re Nile. You cannot be an author and then I think I don't know San Francisco just because I'm like what that does not sound like that. Yeah, that's true. Those are going to be about like it's got obviously I guess not obviously, but I imagine that would be a Like something that happened in San Francisco or something that allegedly happened in San Francisco. He can make stuff up you can do whatever the hell you want. Um, and at this point, I don't remember what the small talk preview sounded like when he did the phone call thing, but I know we've heard like a snippet of that but I don't remember what it sounds like and I'm sure I could find it on Tumblr but I can't be bothered also the I will say the only ones like ever found in that music video was small talk in her judgment was on the newspaper. I remember some episode. That we record it because I was like, I don't know if this is actually a song title or if it was literally like the story is the title of a like an article that was like a good one to put on newspaper because it's like no there's no judgment for XYZ person who was on trial, you know, well a lots of Judge that's yeah and I oh yeah still still was on was spray-painted on the wall and that's right and even small talk about the taxi. Yes. That was our easy. It was the number and everything. Yeah, and the Heartbreak weather was like the big poster. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that was like it's either called because I was like, it's either heartbreak weather or there was like one other part. Yeah, like written on it. But yes, I just love that. He called like his albums though. I am so excited for this album. I simply cannot stand it. I kind of want to take off work listening party. Sorry guys. I need a day off. Oh my gosh. I love that page the album cover to I'm like standing on a chair. a cone So Random big fan big fan You find something about whether like finding these like places and you get you'll unlock something like this makes no sense. I'm going to let somebody else do it male speaker. Let's have it unlock put it on top of exactly. Oh and it on the internet and a few days weird. Well, I know he's been doing like the forecast things but I got was just like Little Joe all of those have gone into like the video he posted on Instagram today, which you can just watch later bitch. Yeah. I don't know. It's like you get a sneak out. Don't even remember what it what it is or what you're supposed to do. Anyway, we're excited. Like I'll get a sneak peek into week. Obviously probably I mean probably the next episode we record will be about heartbreak weather because I'm sure that's two weeks away. And usually I guess I'll just go on the record if that so we'll be back with the Heartbreak weather review. Next time you hear us. Yes, probably anyway, sunny and happy hopefully because it's snowing right now. Any final the final thoughts on heartbreak weather? Or no judgment. What are you laughing at? It was oh, I see it. I'm watching this video later. Sorry. I was looking at his face. No when I went on his Instagram story. This is not going to make sense. But I'll explain it as best as I can to my Instagram like froze for a sec. So that that like IG TV thing that he did of like, yeah the announced all the songs good Frozen. His face was just like smudged. Tsubasa and it finally started playing I was like, oh my God. Sorry. That's awesome. Anyways, we love it. So I feel about we can't wait to hear the album. So excited if you knew all my God what happened to that mean? Well, I guess he didn't really it's just really see it as on that so long was never going to come out as he knows. I mean technically did with the orchestra. Yeah, but that doesn't I know. I'm sorry. I just talked about it and I was like, all right. Yeah, it was too like it was post cluster but my own that's friends. I don't like those below now. That's a different now. I just I'm not against him like personally. I just like don't care about sorry. Tonio I was in a so long as like post flicker but okay, whatever remember him saying he was just like her. No, it was the opposite was he like? Yeah. I regret not putting this on here who's like I didn't want to put the I simply don't remember. All I know is Maggie sent me a video of it the other night. Yeah. I was going through my camera roll deleting stuff. I didn't delete that video. I saved it. I just had gotten to it. So I was like, let me watch this as a video of now seemed so long the last time. Well not the last time we saw him, but the last time we saw him well show Last time is the last time I saw him. I was drunk. I know if you listen to our Jingle Bells showed right time. I'm old enough and we're well past old enough. Well pass. Okay. I'm gonna do when I hit 30, let's talk about Harry. I'm so sorry. So hmm. Yes Harry's been up to stuff. Hmm. He's like he went to the Brits. Oh my gosh, my pillow. Um, he went to the Brits and that was great when he was sat next to Liz. Oh let lived for lived their lives. So was living for those interactions, especially when Liz oh chucked his tequila. I don't know if it was actually tequila. I know but it regardless regardless I loved it. That was amazing and it was apple juice and if Harry does drink Straight Tequila, Wow, that's hot. That's great fold the like do you man that just like that just screams like I'm wealthy. I'm gonna sip on this expensive Cielo and you're not gonna stop me. I hope while he's sipping on it the music in the background like dude. Harry and Niall being at the Brits and not throw together and like the only video of them is like filled on toaster. I love them hugging. It's really like I feel like I'm being teased and their do they like do this on purpose. They're like, they're like, okay we can do this. I don't know I got seven so back here. They're going to take one crappy video. We're going to put it up. That's all we get right. I could can't I can't express to you how much I would give Does he have to have a photo of her and I'll standing next to each other and 2020 didn't care. It doesn't impose like I don't give a shit if they didn't interact like I know there's like seven wake semi close to each other when they went to that concert. Oh, yeah, um, but like, but I just I just and they both look so good that my eyes. It's just seems so I just seems so rude and I feel and I know they're not probably doing it on purpose, but I feel like they are I think I'm part of me. I don't know part of me still has hope that those two like are still pretty yeah mutual. I'm not saying they like hang out but I mean like they seemed like they were always there again Lea's with each other. So I think so the laughs that they got together the laughs laughs if you guys don't get that reference like just think about it the laughs you and you and you You're you if you get that you are just eye candy, if you know like us I love that the laughs. Okay, just ask the stop saying that laughs they had so like anyways, yeah, I just feel like they've always been pretty good. So even now so yeah, I just feel like you finally get to members that are like the treat each other. Well, yeah, I got nothing from that my God that blurry grainy ass, I guess mildly are probably good because they're always feel Like tweeting each other. I'll tell you right now Niles probably like probably Louis too. But like it's like they're the most like like even if they've disliked one of them. I think they would suffer Zen wouldn't in regards to Louis true. That's Inland animosity there, but it's really insane. But yeah II just feel like they've always just been very very well. It's like the time that Niall like went out of his way to say hi to Zane at the not really on his what you know, what he liked what I was walking by I think it was Like you could have just you could have done exactly what Zane was basically gonna do and just ignore him or like the fact that he actually liked was like no. I'm just sorry. I know this is like, how are you and I'm like, wow, we got better quality. That didn't even Harry because how do you and they hug? You hugged? Well, at least we know they hug true. There's a grainy photo really hear the grainy video really should toast already. Anyway, Harry performed at the bridge. Yes, and he performed falling and the following music video. Came out today, I guess talk about the Brits performance first, which is like now that the video is out. It's like I get it because he was like standing in water. Yeah brats and the piano the do the same thing and he was wearing this god-awful stops lace white jumpsuit someone claims that it was inspired by Like Prince did that mean maybe Hannah? No. Yeah, I just mean like his outfit was very similar to that and I liked I was like, I like that idea of like wearing gloves and stuff. But I just thought that thing was I just thought that I was so ugly like no offense, but I just saw only laughed because Maggie a text me. She's like, oh my God, I heard he wore lace and then five minutes later. She's like this is fucking disgusting. I was no I said, I think I hate it. He's just so funny. I was yeah I did. Which I get the aesthetic completely like in like I don't know I but I understand I understand the look and I understand the vibe that he was trying to create but I just thought it was ugly. You know, that's just it's just weird. That's what it is. So but the performance was great true and I think it was like about to cry at one point probably I would yeah my pride and he did It win whatever he was nominated for storms and I said he didn't win whatever it was nominated for though. You said he did it when I'm like he performed when he didn't win. Okay, thank you. Sorry, I can't I need to enunciate. No, it was just me. I was like, um, but why would they make him perform after he lost arms a one love? And yeah and Harry like giving a nice big Standing Ovation their best here. We were like three different outfits. You know that night. I saw the yellow one. I wish I only wish you would have ones I could see him. Standing up there and that yellow and purple because that's what he was wearing when the word was announced and is to keep yeah, and anyway, and then when the fucking red wine or whatever that was Phil all over it, did you see the so at that ad on that video where like Jack whatever was like, oh God that's tequila and Terry like it's laughing. So he walks away. Yeah, and he when he comes back to like something happened where I think Oh when lizza was chugging it, I think everyone would like Jack was like hitting the table and then it like right before here. You can see the glass just spills over. So by the time Harry says he's like, I don't think he doesn't say anything but he's like and you can tell it's like something red. I'm like, oh dear or something, but I was just like, oh, yeah, that sucks. He is funny. Um, so we just watch while Molly just watch the following music video for the first time. You just watched it on high and I just watched it for the first time not on my phone now. So let's talk about the following music video was your initial reaction as we just watched it live covid juice. Oh, how are you? How are you having my feeling post falling music video? Actually, hold on directed by I said this about Miles Videos I should say about this tune directed by Dave Myers who has directed a lot of great videos. He directed or you for one. He also directed motivation Ronnie's video so that he directed God is a woman. Yeah humble and like a bunch of other really cool videos. And this one also just as cool in my opinion. We love Legend Created a resume from that you be like. Oh, yeah, here's what I was that's how I I was looking at his website earlier to see like what videos he had directives and it's like well the most but like I say you look, wow, like this, this is anyway, we finished watching it seemed Yeah, it was it was very sad. But like I just mean like you can really feel I'm not I'm not gonna try to be cheesy but like you I feel like you just like yes see and feel the pain. Yes, but it's okay. I think like what's not funny, but I'm just saying funny because it's I know people made a big deal about it because like this was one of his songs that when it got released from the album, it was the one that like a shot up even though I wanna sing. Well, I'm so people are like, oh my God, like what? Well, what's funny is I Remember what it like came out in the numbers in the US were like insanely high of like how many people had like she wears a press. It's so ones like America. Are you? Okay? Anyways, yeah, I just saw obviously now, he's made it a single but I just think like one it's always I don't know. It's just it's been that yeah, it's not like that top song since the beginning because everyone just like fell in love with it. Yeah, but I don't know. I just feel like it's yeah, like I said, like it was very sad, but like I still enjoyed it. I just think you got really really like simple to yeah, besides like him drowning like the water filling up the room. He doesn't move. Yeah, and I think that's probably part of it like he's like stuck in this room or stuck at at this piano, whatever. Yeah, and he just like keeps singing. Oh my gosh, the fact that he goes under water right at that line. I don't like I get the feeling that you'll never need me again. Oh perfect. Perfect climate job. Dain is surrounded. We love drowning. Um, but yeah, I just but I yeah, like like I said, like I don't know it's his music videos that like are just really really get like they're very like yeah and again like a not trying to be like wow, that was very like no, I just feel like it's like a emotionally like you can see that it's like that's how he's feeling like are you know that? Yeah, he loved he was feeling that when he looks both. He looks sad. We also looks really angry. What I think is interesting to consider because the songs really just like sad but in the in the video you can definitely feel like the aggression and anger about the situation about how the relationship ended allegedly. Oh and I'm a big Hoosier fan. So as soon as I watch this video, I thought immediately and I'll show you his Hozier has an album called Wasteland baby in this is the album cover. He's like underwater and the furniture is like floating around him. So totally Reminded me of that when I'm right, which I love but yeah, I agree with the stuff that you said I think. That it's just it's I don't know. It's just like very emotional obviously because that's what the song is and I'm like, I'm really glad that this song is experiencing what it is what everything that's happening with this song is awesome because it's so good. It's oh also, let me play My Oh my God, so I'm a bit of a Pianist know that's literally not true. I hate that. Everybody able to say it every time so it's like I'm a beauty is that I'm like what anyway I've been I haven't been playing the I have a key. I got a free keyboard from like electron my from whoa from a place. I work they're giving it away and it's like it's only a 61-key keyboard which isn't a full keyboard and I can't play the keyboard. Well, I'm alive, but I was like, I'm gonna lie. I've always wanted to learn how to play the piano so today. I finally put I finally was like, oh, I'm going to start learning how to play it. So I was playing scales and then I was like, okay, I need to put like I put I'm like doing the cheating thing that you do when you're like First Learning like the tape on the keys and mark them up like see whatever a be whatever and then I was playing scales and I was bored. So I was like, fuck it. I got on YouTube falling Harry Styles piano tutorial and now I can play the intro. Falling she really badly. So I'm going to play it for you. This is me this or this afternoon. It's actually good. So I'm really excited about that. Even though I guess you can tell him like playing it's really smoothly like it still sounds like I know I was so proud of myself, maybe one day. I'll be able to play the whole song. I think you were able to still play the Is why you're singing and but I'd be like yeah, I'm like I can't do it. Well, yeah that in honor of the following music video. We love I was like, I'm gonna I was like dad became a song to learn how to play it but she drowned I learned how to play like 15 seconds of it. So did he? Yeah, he wasn't I mean he was all the piano but you don't see his hands really that much who was really but it's like his SNL thing. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, I forgot about has a this guy's no serious artist and then camera be Oh my God, so of course Harry's wearing this. Like I saw this on JuJu's Instagram. It says in his new music video for falling debuting today. Harry Styles wears a silk wide sleeve. Please say top. I think that's how you pronounce that police agent. Hanna's pianist. Please say just means like run like yeah, not crunchy crunchy like you know how it's like, yeah the one he went. I don't know. You know what I mean top with a In detail asymmetric, please. Say panels on the collar and long train on the back and I oh my gosh, I love how it looked when it was underwater house like floating. He kind of looked like a jellyfish and I only had that thought when we just watched it now so I can go ahead jellyfish. I like I shouldn't be thinking this right now the house party episode not one of those like he looks like a real this is not a SpongeBob jellyfish. Of course, if I miquellee, yeah legend legend it's over here is name that I want to sing it to the beat of Alejandra by like I also used to always say Michelle, but it's miquellee love that something like that. Yeah, that's that's all I have. Those are. My thoughts on the Fly music video as of now because we've only had it for like a few hours but and I just saw it about 30. Yeah, I'm all he's only had in her mind for like 30 minutes. So but we are loving it. Yes. I think he did very well. I still think I guess out of the three music videos. I still feel like I think lights up is the best music video. I just really I mean for me I just I don't know. I love I like a weird like lights up and falling like makes sense Tru with music videos have to make sense in that song. But like apparently he fell damn you he's failed to me. of watermelon sugar too but who knows what's gonna happen with that because there's like footage of him like running around by on a beach and stuff oh yeah I did hear about that and they're like there's like girls like loving on the water like watermelon yeah yeah I will say of course if I mean I know it's no offense like not that it's bad I just know it won't be a single because like no offense artists can only do so many singles with that would be able to resolve this but yeah I would would do anything anything to get a music video for Golden be so fun I can picture golden like some like cheesy music video I driving driving your car down I go down the street you're like running away with somebody like Bonnie and Clyde style oh my God like Bonnie and Clyde like yeah they're like killing people yes dude love that I'm in what me and my hairy pillow I hittin ya Dave Myers if you want to steal that idea go ahead Jake Even have to cry but please do but if you want to you can but you don't I can play the piano in the beginning but Falling I love I would love a music video before going into because you can just do so much with like the color palette of that to like all these women. I mean like I love the song but I think for me I'm just like visually this would be like imagining them driving like an Arizona or Something that's like yes. Yes or or in Colorado. sunflower I mean, I don't think I can watch a video of sunflower with that and not see people doing that Tick-Tock dance. So just like when it makes sense, that's actually what the video is Harry doing this only for like 15 seconds of the song easy. Oh my gosh, that's funny. I never thought about that. But yeah golden would definitely be the one I wanted to use. I won right like I just was already made so many music That's why that's why I like again. I'm like, I know Nardo's can only do so much because then you're like, okay, you're just making your entire outfit right? Calm down, which makes Beyonce did true with lemonade true. But I also find it funny. Not that I mean, I know he took singles obviously before yeah like albums, but didn't he do this at like last year to after his out that last year the last time his album came out didn't he have like a sink like a single or two that he did afterwards or I guess to goes technically became a singer. yes whenever you want to give us all tragedies videos in fact will be never get hot that probably I mean I understand I understand I don't know I wasn't so hands videos like I don't know if I'm making this up or if I actually heard this somewhere but I had it was like it was like the Kiss You music video was like weird like stupid stuff like that I don't know keep it I don't want you to give my love to kiss you back then and I could be making this up but I feel like I heard that's a worm that was anyway he's probably like anyway that's good you that's our that's our thoughts on the fact the music videos that are being kept from us the fact that we get to see slow and the Infinity Music video to the ones I know that would be they should really start this year on their true can you imagine this is all you're getting from us forever and by I'm in like the song Infinity that much I can't even like it I can't even think about watching a One Direction music video and like it being new and like obviously they're young and like in here not have not how they are I can't even fathom that it'll never happen with shelves will never get to watch the Infinity Music video but maybe I do remember the big pictures because it's them like in a not a parking lot it's like outside and I remember I just know we never got to see I just know we got cheated and we died to yeah but we did get the history music video but whatever true anyway Harry was off on The Today Show which I didn't even watch those performances not gonna lie but I thought his outfit was great yes both of them um Auntie enough Harry ween Harry we which is such a great idea and he had the nerve to say you didn't like Halloween Pia this flyer dirty liar. Um, Yeah, I'm excited. I mean obviously we probably aren't going to go to Harry Wayne. But who knows maybe we'll probably not but who knows next time you check in? Ya know regardless of what happens? I think that's such a fun idea. I'm so excited to see everyone's like costumes and stuff and I can't wait to see what Harry dresses up as especially because there's two thirds going to want to do outfits. What if the joke on us is that he has a Halloween party basically, and he doesn't dress well. Never do that. I'd he would never do that. I would never I mean he was never under cell has but still I'm like, that's the trick. He dresses the way he does everyday anything he's not going to go literally all out for Halloween like please he's not have two iconic looks and I can't wait to see them. It's gonna be great. And also he recorded well, it's not out yet, but he went to DC and recorded a tiny desk concert, which I can't wait to see ya so we'll probably have Have that to talk about the next time we record to I hopefully who knows I could not wait either for telling you dude. I love the tiny desk concert videos. I haven't seen a lot of them their fun. I mean, it's just people artists in the tiny room. Yeah - I guess it's not tiny songs singing regular socks. Not not 30-second Clips. I was I saw stuff on Twitter about how like people who worked. NPR we're like there are more people in the offices that day just like a hoping we love to run into him like that coincidentally. He might cut rock like come by. I won't take any Dead Shoot there's pictures of him and like some part of the office and I saw like at someone someone who works in NPR said that Harry was like, oh I like the open the open desk Concepts the open area Concept in the person was like, he's the first person in history to ever actually like an open and open. Ace concept for offices. So I mean it's all so many offices are it's all part of our high school was Hussein. We didn't have we barely got balls or wild. So most of our rooms had like just like actual classrooms, but there was like at least three hallways that head open classroom stuff. So it was very interesting. Oh ours ours was like that too. Like it was it's not like that anymore, but we just like back then it was just a very cute. I went like a few years ago that well, I just assumed that again that was like three years ago. Maybe not maybe I'll have to go back. No, I would assume that they're so big about that because they just like they did on purpose the only room we did it because we didn't have money for walls. Oh no. Yeah. We got the money. Well, they claim that they always have to close that Gap so they need donations, and I'm like Nia now you just need to close your walls, Diane. We are so sorry. Okay. Now they know this is me now. It's not like that anymore than they could afford to do a real know they've had this for years. It's so weird. It's like for us, like I said, it didn't it didn't bother us but like it would be kind of funny to sometimes be in class. And then you feel like you're learning from three other classes. We have your like literally with that is going on my French the my French class room was one classroom splits in half with a with a like a fake wall or like a fake. Curtain in Germany was on one half and French's on the other. How do you how you supposed to be like what you want? Yeah ours was we didn't English hallway with religion and then history. Nobody cares about this. I know. Oh Harry might carry might like the open Wolcott. Anyway, we can't wait for tiny that I just can picture all these people. be like yeah I'm going to take my I'm going to actually switch my PTO I'll come in that day don't worry it's like oh you got me there I'll be and I'm not going to work from home today actually I know I usually work from home today but I just feel like I need to be you just really need to get some stuff done yeah I need to be in the office oh you said Jesus what a coincidence I had no idea that it was here people of them dressed so nice oh and he's leaving by noon yeah I'm gonna work from home then oh yeah I like this is all right literally that's good that's all right I think we're done yeah it was episode 36 right so hard to believe I know look at us now who'd have thought thank you guys for listening and we'll talk to you next time probably about heartbreak whether we can't wait bye-bye