This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn aroundWe'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say we'll be chatting about those games and Guilford. We might be joined by mr. Collins Shields. We have interviews with Adam Keefe a mark our side with a chat about the player of the month. We look around the league and we have another special guest in to preview this weekend only game against the five flash, but I'll start where I normally start. Mr. Meacham, see, how are you Not bad party hats 9 my second favorite month of the year as you know, and looking forward to it. Mr. Kitchen fresh off a trip to London at the weekend her you you feeling fresh. Yeah mainly bit better today Mather is yesterday. It wasn't bad last eight forty eight o'clock and I slept right through political at this morning. That's no thanks to you a few of the boys for keep me company in that trip tough and what we find Autumn like mad palych hooky longer and Curtis Hamilton, but yeah, really good trip. It's like stop Lads really enjoyed it six top lads who nobody was happy with the football results. I've got a couple of videos are long or when we get back. I'll tell Long Ridge crown and his Aston Villa flag, obviously, but you know, the Spurs didn't get the resultant the be honest them deserves a result. You know, we're okay going Forward but by defense was just horrendous, you know, it's it's a the certainly a a pain in the ass for the trip itself, but the the stadium icky and it's the second time I've been in it's just unbelievable. So yeah, really good tops first trip. I was he very very seldom top gets a from the all for a possibility of a chapter got midseason. You know, I'm the same as the boys as well. So, you know, they taught myself and he went Whispers much and then the other boys went there. Wembley for Austin Dillon and longer was teaching them some fella songs and Bobby and Palette should try to do the Birmingham accent which was just absolutely hilarious like so you have a great trip had by all you think it's bad phones first. Try being a Liverpool found these last two weeks made it these last two weeks have been terrible. I will show me usually 30 years like, you know, so before that, but now I think I wouldn't be worried too much about your your right leg to leg challenge that I mean it and all furnace or watch the highlights back from the Watford match. And to be honest. You were lucky we get note the three no, well, try one dime keep half an eye on this game against Chelsea and I'm going to switch it off in a minute. Anyway, right? Let's have a look at the Belfast chance. This is a hockey podcast after all and it was two games at home. First two years of seven in a row at home for the Belfast chance Guilford in time for the final time this season and well women on an overtime loss. As I said, that's I'll give Statistics from both camps and then we'll work our way through the games. The first game was on Friday night i-73 victory for the Belfast chance chance goals coming from good one on the PowerPlay find them on the PowerPlay Liam Morgan on the Parlor how much we've been talking about the lack of Power Play Goals and there's three of them John Smotherman elegant Pierce Morgan with the second and ran learn a was just under three minutes to go meet it in the seventh goal for the Giants regards to Guilford. The Ghost came from Crooks Davies and lindhagen in gold. For the Belfast Giants was Stephen Murphy on Friday nights 25 saves and the other side Travis Fountain started the game 25 saves five goals against the lasted 40 minutes and the final 20 minutes wouldn't Peters Chi. Minh's 13 shots against two goals against and the other side on to Saturday and I'm all pretty much a different Affair. We've talked about how the Giants often have a difficult second game of the weekend. And so it proved The scoring was opened by the Guilford Flames band Davies and he doubled that so the Jimmy Crooks double that on 21 minutes and then Jimmy Crooks trebled that the make a 3-nil on 27:31 before Curtis Hamilton fired back on 2904 to make it 3-1. But then in waters on the PowerPlay made it 4-1 at the end of the second period in the third period and the giant started to come roaring back Jordan Smotherman of 7:05 Patrick Malone of 4939 and then with 49 seconds left in the game. The in water serving a two-minute penalty the Giants scored on the power play with the goalkeeper pulled to make it for four and the SSE Arena was alive. Unfortunately, though two minutes and 11 seconds into overtime John Barr. John Dunbar made it 5-4 to the gills with flames goalkeeping. She and Owen in that sitting shots against five goals. I also wouldn't Peters Seven shots against four goals and your referees that night. We're Pavel Hollis and Stephen Hogarth. I'm I'll start with you dearly looking at that Friday him a 7-3 when for the chance exactly the sort of start exactly sort of resulted a chance wanted to get away with it is to open this weekend against the flames. Yeah, the there was a lot of bait this game that I like there was a there's maybe a ten minute period where we maybe got away from a little bit but, you know thought we opened up well throughout first period to pretty well matched teams, you know, you know what they're going to come with every time the come here. They've got speed you don't want to be giving them too many penalties which will manage to do sort of batter on the on the on Friday night certainly fairly even I think we can I'd the playoffs and the same and earlier. I think we paid to play In the first period and I'm probably should've came away with more. Obey it they had one on really lovely child for the great sea of Garcia from Murph second period then we'll go when I'm done. You know where think we were pretty dominant not second period from the terms of think what a big 25 shots on we got the five goals the 3 Power Play Goals all four men around the bleep into all from getting in front of veterans. I get taken his eyes away getting shots, you know small his have a really delightful families from the fade from from Ward. But I think maybe going in the end of the third period we maybe just took the food off the gas add versus later. We got a little bit sloppy give up a few old man rushes. They scored, you know, it put her sales not on their pressure because we're how to beg him off comfortable enough late at that stage, but it's sorted then that can affect the following night. And I think that does the an extent but you know will come up they change the goal. It will come up with a couple of goals in the last period they make a really lopsided score, but I think it was as dominant. And as we've been probably this calendar year anyway 3 January and February get not that the real nice look so nice pretty score line. It was a nice tidy performance say we ate shot them grandly and we got in the really good areas with didn't and the third period get in. The CMR is is within the sacrum but with didn't really need to but you know, as far as Friday night goes it was a pretty professional performance all be it. As I say, I think we took maybe ten minutes off before we need it. We've got back a couple backside with them scoring with them. Be coupled with make 10 months ago. I'm gonna go back and the gear a little bit. Okay, that's a good points. Isn't it? The fact that the Giants were looking dominant throughout the game, but then when Debbie scores and then lindhagen scores soon afterwards, the Giants needed that kick up the backside to go and I'm just settle the score. Yeah. I was talking to Eddie before we went live there. And yeah, they got the first call again, but then the first period there was a deserves a real big chance for them to go ahead one down the first And it was Waters at the back door with a pretty sure was Dunbar that opened the play up and save the passed right through the metal and the be honest. It was an open Carriage it sort of I think it was blind and obviously the goalie Murph on Friday night, but water should have scored every stone wall open nap, and he messed it and the 20 he's probably only 8 feet maybe 10 feet out so that they get that goal in the first they get a star. The gold the start of the second and it's a completely different game, but we really became alive after they got that goal at first call. They got my second. We just woke up they get in their discipline and Friday night was was well it was / there was some of the calls are getting, you know, you can see further than getting angry and getting frustrated with their defense of the way the defense of Cora plan. I have learned today that there was a few other guys feeding on low Island Friday night. That's one of the reasons that Redick them plan Freddy that done a really missed him. He's with top top player. He's a cop Point square and you seen what he gave money come out and Saturday. I think he's he's a really really solid player plez and all aspects of GM short-handed players on the par playing, you know, he's really good five-on-five as well. But overall I thought that you know with the way the power plays been gone this year and and you know, they get the score the three goals on the par play at this. Start of the second period and that was I think I was then 3 for 4 at that point. They them as I say they go for weren't given their they're called 10 around me help at all. You can see it five goals in just over eight minutes and and he broke a couple of steps and the bargain as well woman off the class 1a smart around the post and and that he went over the banshan Smashing 11 over the pants. So, you know, it was it was certainly very frustrated figure for Fullerton. And to be honest and I said on the night itself. I didn't think that he could do an awful lot with two goals. To be honest. I thought that it was more that the work of the guys in front of them the denim dying but he program text and print him and that the best thing about Paul decks and we all know that he can talk and talk and talk. Yeah, but he's so honest every year every game, you know that he comes out there. He just tells it exactly the way it is very like Adam Adam does exactly the same thing as well as cultures like they're talking Peg instead of crap. You know thinking that they cause a marine you thought it was we deserve to win something nonsense with them, but you know, they can't pull it actually came out and said exactly where it was and you just you that he was going to get a reaction on Saturday and that's exactly what happened. Do we do Stephen Murphy and goal on Friday night seems to be removed from Adam Keefe to basically give a bit of a rest to share No on and try to even up and I thought my played really well. Yeah, always play a lot of hockey this season. He's done pretty well. He's been one of our best performers certainly with the season. You don't need a little bit of starts on there on the lately website the see that he's been he's been pretty good. This season doesn't always got the support perhaps in front of them that other we laid out we lay down in front of a lot of shots whoo crowd were allowed to do but I think one perhaps has suffered from a little inconsistency as well as the rest of the team when these when he's really honored he sees Up there with the top goaltender in this Lake Stephan Murphy's proved himself, you know over about 400 450 Games The Belfast and you know what, you're going to get with Murph probably with a little more game time. We would be in sharper, but it came any need a couple of banks years when he had to you. They got a couple pass them on on a few odd, man Rush has but he came up with a couple of real big see if so the game and things are really capable back up, but it's obviously I'm not retiring and but I would say he's coming towards the end of his career, you know. It's himself. He's how does testimonial he's been here what ten or twelve years now and as numbers don't fear away. He's been he's been Stellar for this club is neela coach Russell would say but you know, it's great that he's able to be called on there when when Kefir need him. So let's bring this into Saturday's game then says I'm and you know the game against Manchester the other week, we had to find a way to come back haven't been quite heavily behind we had to do it again, but but especially until that third. It seemed like a very different Belfast John side to side. We'd seen on Friday night. Absolutely. We talked about radek coming back in the lineup and that gave them a big boost. But right from the first whistle from first pop drop, sorry, they they you knew they were coming to play the first couple of minutes State and we're sort of camp in our area. We got a bit of a wind and you know, we managed to push back on it on the the first period but the be honest with you I thought they were really good. Good, especially for the first 40 minutes. We were we looked probably Pat Leahy. I thought that you know that may know that radical line of Dunbar radicand water. She'll eat they're just absolutely solid band Davies had a really good weekend, you know, he scored of both names Jimmy creaks. I think he had three goals over the weekend Fergus and gets under your skin. They just get stuck in there as well their fourth goal on the power play. Was it the fourth one? Yep. Yep. That's Probably one of the best Power Play Goals. I've seen this season because we're watching it back. It's just I was just beautiful absolutely permanent and again radek involved in build up to that. Absolutely. You know, he the first time Posse give back to me that came to comes from the left read through the same and the slot right on the Radix tech one time Play-Doh the waters and a top that however is just brilliant, you know, we did fantastically well in the third period I know that out. I'm going in the start of the third and that's just a few Choice words are hot and I don't think you understand. Sorry, mr. Hit the wall and it looked like that because we came out third period a completely different thing but the first 40 minutes wasn't good enough by any stretch of imagination was not good enough third period I thought we were excellent if we played if we had the The stamina to play like that every period that we played this season the league so we have way to walk this big but the inconsistency that 90% the you know, the are games of been felled with that. That's our big problem, but the third period I thought we were excellent. You know smaller than got that goal. They get us get our legs move on a couple minutes ago get mauled back put it back before three. Probably we'd better luck with it. Too many men on pal death. I didn't want to show, you know delay of game because he he he had the puck out earlier only shown earlier and Hogarth at first I said no and then they the referees in the lanes without had a little bit of a meeting that there's others we Sammy Circle and the penalty was called and it was the correct decision but to get that pipe Lake all right at the end again to push it into overtime. I thought you know after you as you've already said Polly come back from foreign. Well against Manchester and they come back with those that's to character performances. However, it was that's the point and the way it ended, you know that the the Past coming through there with all three guys are below the the hash marks as it's a play that you just can't make you've got to have coverage back there. Well, it's a forwarder also defenseman bag. You've got to have coverage and I to on oh, oh, we can't really do anything about that. That was a nice play by Guilford. And they pick up the extra point and then get there the three points on the even here Davey you had a bit of a laughter wouldn't says mentioned the word inconsistency, which is you I understand why because it is something that's dog to Belfast chance all season long. No, I had a laugh when says say a debate if we'd been more consistent. We would have walked asleep because the guy that's coming on the talk to us then and whatever five minutes from that I had said that to him on whatever was Saturday night or Sunday during the game. And as he said to me if my granddad had pit be my grandma, you know, that's one that's one of those. We just haven't been consistent. We'll come back with you know, using both coined. Yeah, I think you said the kefir after the interview or they post game interview in Manchester character. When or character come back on Simon's use the same phrase that our character come back and yes granted. That's a character come back. But you know lost you know, you know, you know, I analyze things and at the stats and stuff if you see our second period graph Friday night versus Saturday night. You would say, it's a number one team number. And time like there's just nothing and not metal period we don't get inside and we'll get shots. We don't create offense. We certainly don't score goals. Obviously, you know, we get the one from last night, but you know, the previous type of five in the second period we've gotten front when we've created that pressure that's made them take pal. These will score 3 on the power play. I think we're blind on the PowerPlay perhaps remember make medical one power play goal. I but they equalizer sex on for you know with the with the goalie pulled at the end of the game, but apart from that, you know, we didn't create at it. Very much on the power play on the Saturday night. Our part play has been a major concern over the course of the Season, you know, I think the elite League put out a tweet today with the top five or six power plays and for the defending Champions not the be even and not five or six teams says an awful lot and I think I'm right. I'm not sure just don't fuck with nothing. But like, you know, like the top the second theme was something like your pain percent. If you're if you're part play is not a poor 20% We're actually if anything we're punching above our with points wise, you know the losses away. Not in the losses way to sharpen the nose way to Carter for the ones that have killed us the the teams that are rivaling for the top of the lake that will haven't scored goals in their barns that will happen to take them winds up whipping. She'll die. That's just been the story of the season. It'll be you continue in the story this season because you know, we're not informed that we're going to take a run at this. I just don't see us in that 90 80 90 percent form that we need to be in to be even talking about being a possible contender. You know again, where were three points out of four, I guess, you know unfortunate that when it's gone the three-on-three. I think it's lining it as its elements boss Diner right wing with a lot of people Bobby's gone through the neutral zone with a lot of PS drop that off the line and gone back to work and I line it gets way better sauce. Not that goes over the stick. It's a beautiful girl you're talking about it for months to come. Unfortunately the break the other way and as we know three-on-three, am think was a jolly was on commentary with you know, you get a chance and you get a break time and variably you're given an odd-man Rush. Their way and that's the excitement the three-on-three importantly they get the to you all over and I know we can't do anything about it. But such Jacqueline hide, I think we've had shows called that the signal Jacqueline high performance from period to period and game the game and it's a frustrating time to be a giant through all the upshot of it says when you look back at that weekend from the Belfast chance in getting 3.74, we talked about know and we talked about on our what's up a bit what they expect from these seven games and from the guess the the nine games that remain is that a good return or are we expecting to take four? Your home games you're expected to take four. Not that's it. We and we if you look back at the the scores will fight against go for Des year. I think we're four and two. Yeah, it's like it's forward to but you know, you've you've two games at the weekend. You're not traveling. I just say Guilford. I know that there are speaking the top are there today and tough as mentioned a couple of other boys from the GB setup and and Reddick was second Friday. That's why I didn't play Jesse Craig was sick, but he pled the Lost Jordan up on Friday night after about five minutes. I actually didn't notice it until it. Second period that he gone but he has a only a couple of chefs on the on Friday night. So, you know, you're they plead with guys dying TJ Foster was missing as well. But I thought that I'd say Friday to Saturday at Debbie's just touched on it there. It was two different teams that come up for the chance and it's it's been over the course of the Season that seems to be a recurring theme. Five weekends of back-to-back games for the Belfast as this year and we packed up maximum points. That's just 5 times that's happened this year. You know, you have you've already who played on on you look back at the calls that they had, you know, the two particles as I say the second one was just a piece of art they get a gold braid at the start of the second period you know, Don bar and Ferguson and set up the Third. Cockroach and they we keep on talking about the challenge being bad. But if we were really good in the first 40 minutes and the last three weekends, they'd beat Belfast Sheffield and Cardiff Yep. They're a good team, you know, if you look throughout the lineup and if you see the easiest way to look up every week all the Belfast Giants fans and last year all want to keep on talking about his last season. You think about the happy times when you're not playing so well, that's what you do, you know by all the by all means certainly look back at last season at foreigners. It's a completely different lineup because we were so successful at it. You know what? I'm not. Yes, it certainly doesn't take away any you know, you feel it too often. You just want to win as a father as a I know. I'm a very lucky positioner when we are old and you know get the chance to the boys and and I get to do it every weekend in Belfast Jones TV, but she is a season goes on and we're not winning I could both to you know, and and, you know certain touch up my boys and Saturday Sunday night believe you me they're hurting. What a really big conversation tough and I sat in one of the bars and Saturday night something like sorry with Bobby and Pally and you get you can hear how much passion I have for the key and you can hear you know, they're not happy with what the performance is the weekend, you know, and by all means you just want to turn around Sable, you know, when I'm just get your finger out and and their friends and gets the faith flowers, you know, can I say just rip them apart says, let me let me jump in there on that. That's a very very fair point you're making what is causing this inconsistency. And I know that we've had a be you know, who's a big mess goody was a big mess on the road, but nice sorry, but you know, he's been he's been accidentally that he's a better glue in there. He's a guy that makes players around him a wee bit better. But you know, you can't that's it's not the old I'm very very good roster and pretty deep roster. You know that I think we said either last week's or the week before, you know, these are all good. Players, but on showed up, okay Guilford plans for a pet weekend on Friday night and we'll put them to the sword but it was a different performance level from the Belfast chance. It was a consistency of you know, I don't like to pick desire around him like that into the mix put here. We didn't ask it as hard on Saturday year you were there are seven your be better pleased a to say whether you believe at the beer. No, but doesn't that mean that's evident or if they by freeing up. It's absolutely evident. We are performance on Saturday and a key and we're having a go at our performance being Bob on Saturday. But Guilford was really good really good their first 30 minutes was absolutely excellent. We need to be better. We need to get her feet moving. I mean Johnny said lunge as TV and numerous occasions. We did not get her fate move a time when we got her feet moving in the third. They couldn't Skip With Us. Yeah. We are we are but I know what you say, you know, you'd sometimes you kept your account. It's not we are a better team than the Guilford films statistically historically. I know you can't be historically and say because it's happening in the night. But even their season we are a better team where higher in the statements on them, you know, give them credit words. Gino would have got five or six really top players. We've got can plus it's really really good. You know, we should be beaten again for films twice at home. We shouldn't be struggling to come back overtime loss. And especially when you put them away seven the night before it just it you know, why is the question Jimmy's got the plate, but she write you mentioned his name earlier on we're going to get it. Let's get his opinion. It's nearly a year since he announced his retirement from the professional game. Absolute Delight to have them back on A View From The Bridge. It's number 19 on know the number 19 for your Belfast chance. It's: Shields. Yeah. The going well just enjoying retirement so far and enjoy and watch some hockey and golf a lots and work a little bit as well. You get in time to watch more talking. Yeah, but the few games that game on Friday their gods Guilford the Homeland there, so call that and then sometimes catch some of the webcast for I can't make it but watch a lot of energy all games right now, especially the playoffs coming up absolutely so that but yeah, so let's get your ticket in on the weekend against the against it. Alfred flims two very different performances you route to give me say on Friday good to see the chance to score quite a few goals for a change. Yeah. Did it seems like things are clicking there and especially after going down early and you don't get one or two back right away. And so you can kind of get get on a roll and since we have confidence based even once you low confidence and thinks that clicking it's just seems to rule but she was obviously the opposite when it goes the other way, maybe get down by one or two releases just maybe Excuse me sticks up at you hard, but I could come back on Saturday. I saw just sort of the end of it the tying goal and then obviously over time but yeah, it's exciting game on Friday and good crowd good atmosphere when you're on a roll like that in a game like that when the girls are starting to rack up and we saw the Guilford got a couple back do you start to worry or is it is that a confidence booster to Guilford when especially a double-header, I guess maybe some of the games this year that things haven't gone well, but like I said pretty good. Patrol the game but you know guilford's a pretty offensive teams crop at Talladega. So some of those guys can like really put the puck in the net so but I don't think so. I thought the size circle control the game the car wasn't it was playing pretty well. You can really fall dynamical. Also the Giants had it under control. Colin we were talking and when we were talking about the games, but the consistency and the inconsistency of the of the chances season simultaneously is over the fear boys the weekend and we're talking about the frustrations of hard. What what what cause is that from a team to be like sort of dominant times on the Friday night to go on straight into Saturday night and being pretty pure from the get-go. Obviously been not quite here or you know, it's just it's hard for me to say but a finger on it, but I think even looking at it probably one of the Achilles heels the team this year and you know, if you're struggling to score goals, I think you know as you can see on the weekend other because you're going to be some nice they're going to go in and sometimes they're not and they're not you're really going to struggle with if you don't score and won two games. Back to those man, even though you know in the back your mind if you give up, you know, two or three like flip around school for 5 to 1 here and see what's going on anywhere close to that very often. It's going to be tough. So I just have to say but I think it's a complex thing and I think you know, once you get a few things like that in your head where I said you think my friends from school for five who were not going to win two or three it's going to be tough. So it gives me the story the season is when one lose one we lose someone but I thought see more wins here or there. She has a method. No time for me and we've talked about this a lot you and I and Dave and I and for such a long time lots of great memories and great experience accomplished everything. I could at the levels. I play that and very content separately for the game. You know, it's time for me to focus on my family and other aspects of life and my parents and my wife gave so much of their time so for my career Focus on them a little bit and I spent four times it stinks week the game. and obviously now you've changed your your sporting time Golf and you're having to spend a lot of time with John small as you commentary on these stories if anyone gets fed any time with him, though, I don't we David Graham friend of mine coaches such a lot together and we start with On a couple times usually Miracle to appear before the game and Reese at work and you know and John seats are a couple times. Yeah, absolutely. So it doesn't punch this the ribs for the Giants scored. He's just some passionate Hawking he loves the team and he's always so positive, you know his outlook on everything. So I think for his he's just walking around like yes, it's very impressive and if you check out the TV off Instagram also, he's always doing there like the only Heat You don't know but always run their truck and wait, so they're supposed to. Tpf. What's that all about inside? You can yeah, no comment. You know, what is this? I'm pretty pretty hand channel. So does it? No, sir. I know you've said the same when you that all sort of. Yeah, I had no time and it was very successful at the key em, and you know what to choose the right time the step away but like even watching your plan the testimonial, you know, you could still scared if you wanted to and I don't know why I chose you were still sweaty, you know, you were still in still smiling when you're right there on the ice at most. Okay. I ask you this all the time and you always give the same answer, but I just don't believe you. Obviously with the gym. Time to lock in get your talking working you seem like he's only your tracks to three hours a day. We can still change and still traveling to and from the ranking on the weekends. You're pretty much fucked up from you know, if you play Saturday Sunday from Friday night all the way through till till Monday afternoon then to be working the rest of the week and I'm not complaining at all. We've been fortunate to be able to start the business and have it, you know, running successfully and then you don't step away from the game and not have to think about starting it then And then that sin has been a fortune for me. Now. It's the built it, you know have my weekends free and to be able to golf and let's focus on other things like my family got to write the other question. Well, I mean talkies a game that gave me so much. I'm very thankful. And I don't mean to come off like a you know stepped away with with you know, any regrets hands like that. But no, I think it after playing for over 30 years and make your body. You know, I do still feel like even the testimony that's given time. Let's talk about there and I still didn't kill I was around so that bad and I'm trying to stick a little but but yeah, I mean, I think that things like that but minor Pro Hockey and it's time. I think it's always has 56:54 game regular season Championship. I think it's going to be just this time for everybody and it is a grind it is. Probably I would say is as much a grinder big Irvine than any we in Europe. I mean, there's no other vegan Europe where the regular season title is championship and it makes every game like you're dying. It does make for a long hair and specially when things aren't going well and I was very fortunate to be part of an amazing team last year and certainly these experiences to win like we did last year my last year you talked about that that For Game season chairs and and how you like you say, it's you pretty unique in the world of hockey the fact that the regular season is our number one Championship. Do you see that as a positive or negative because there's always chat about you not being able to develop players or blood players in games that mean less that you might see in other leagues because every game two points in in October is the same as 2 points as in March, so is the fact that At the regular season is our number one Championship a positive or negative in your eyes. I think there's positive levels of both. I think from a fan bases. I think there's parts of drugs as well. I think it means every game is important. So Wednesday night and Wednesday night in size and November, you know, Lauren team versus Giants are still just an important game in the same as at the home games still getting the same account today over the course of the Season where it might just be a male and then type At the giant so, you know just playing to get in the top floor type thing and fight. It's just plain to barely get in the playoffs. But then also from a negative side point it does put a lot of pressure because then obviously if the Giants lose that game and as you know with the social media aspect the negative part of it comes up because then obviously everybody sort of can overreact to the results a little bit and that does put a lot of us do pressure on everything and then player standpoint. As I said, it makes for a long season it makes as for quite a big crime mentally and physically when every single game I'm not saying that it was a playoff setup or playoffs the big things that players wouldn't be trying but more of a mental grind, you know over the full courses of eight nine months and then for the adjective for the development standpoint, it's not great because as you say if you lose that game against, you know, one of our in teams, you know, you just can't play your Player Development players and try and give the numbers first chance and This is a shame that you making out some of the quote-unquote Lauren teams this year some of the younger burst guys get an opportunity, which is good. She has just moved in the last month of the season the regular season. Have you been looking around the leg or yet? I mean again, you know, you're not spending all your time on the UK Hawking seen in you're probably not checking the websites and checking that the start someone Xavier all the time, but if you looked around the league and if you have Who do you think's in pole position to take that title in four weeks time? Well, of course, it's all check. I mean as I say steps with the game, I don't go to all the games and probably focus on cough and cough my business a family. But yeah, I still of course check out the results in the weekend and watch the highlights you can but yeah, I mean, it's so tight. I mean between what is it Fifth and first there's not much in it and it's almost still anybody's game but you know you since I don't know when this comes out, but you probably want to say it's between Probably Sheffield in Cardiff now and it looks like before shaft of the motor run with a drop flat for a road and they dropped another one. So, I mean they were certain control and then drops the cars has been having I think this game on Friday between those two is of is a big one. I think if Sheffield takes that down and I think even with the games in hand, they're still the VA just done by one of carbons against him, but I'm not exactly sure on the numbers, but but I think it's Cardiff ones that I think Chef filter on the back foot because they're giving a run out of Seems a little bit because Cardiff a little bit more space to breathe but anything can happen. It's probably going right down to the last game or last weekend for sure like it did last year and we know what happens then and then after that and then after that when the you mentioned you into the playoffs and it's significant because it's know 10 years since we last won a playoff title and young number 19 with a little bit more hair picks up a trophy fix up says me like picks up that trophy. And with that with Jim glaspie stood on the red carpet behind you and then skates off into the far corner to celebrate Belfast John's fun night from my own perspective to me. It feels like it was only just yesterday but from your perspective as the last person last Belfast Jan to lift that trophy. What do you think of the playoff set up on what is what is playing in a game like that? Like, yeah. I mean, it's got lots of positive naggers. Of course. It is good for fans. It's good. The league to get everyone together and have a big celebration. It's a big party atmosphere and to win the playoffs really very fortunate to I was very fortunate to win it all but we only want it once my time here, but you know, very fond memories of everyone that team. We got a picture up in the gym actually of that team and you still look at it and I just did it still feels like it was just leaving it was ten years ago and I just think I think it is good and there's much to complain about the regular season. I don't know. Know what it'd be like to not have that play-off final weekend, you know and and get all the teams there and all the fans it's going to and I don't think there's a an atmosphere like it anywhere else in Europe or North America. I mean, it's almost like kind of kind of like a college, you know friendship for sorry Frozen for atmosphere, but with proteins, I mean, it's it is special and to win in front of not only Giants fans brother fans there there's a special weekend and hopefully ten year anniversary could Could be a nice little moment for the Giants is here how difficult is it really because you know, obviously it's the it's what's for games to get there and under pressure on those four games. But it is it intense is it difficult? I think in the it for you got to be pretty lucky over the four games that do I think last year we got, you know, we had such a strong team especially against Coventry and you get up early in that first game 3 or 4 and 4/5 Nothing that first game and then to play the aggregate games not a great. I mean it's if you're going to do have that like to see them maybe change that to like a three-game series type thing where that you know, it's one game home run away. And then of course the third game that the team with the home ICE Advantage gets the third game, but the aggregate score is is kind of not great. I don't think because I see if you had 5,000 this is the first game I was at seven PM looking but keep stop came back from stuff like that and then once you get to know them, Listening to the games are always so close to scores. You never really see, you know last year to 1 and a 2 1 again. You never really see a team get going out too often and he's got to get lucky. You got to have you know, your special teams got to be hot. You got to get the calls at the right times, I guess and you know, he's going to get the posters to and we went beyond both books games in 2010 and golden shootout, you know Murphy's amazing both and I made that big massive saving the final like so close to you know car to school in there then marooned on this conversation. It is just it's so close and you know, you're going to have great teams that comes down to the wire and over so I have one last question for you from my sight and it's always say again. I know you're very busy on the golf course and I and obviously that tpf it's a bad word. And of course there's absolutely no I see them I was absent / and last Saturday morning at about quarter to 10:00 and Belfast. I'm on my way to a Arenas get somewhere see stuff sorted and he His way to the golf course that your complete and utter total just there's something seriously wrong with your head getting on like that and Irina Jonathan still Matt Johnson will be so bad. If I didn't go because of the weather. It's all his fault. No, I know when he's walking in there with a complete whack Street on I'm not talking about Golf website. He's working on like when they want them golf shade you get as a deep-sea diver. But what I wanted to ask you was did you has it ever crossed your mind about? potentially become official / referee A hundred percent. No, I don't know how oh, man. I we've talked with us before we talk this over. I don't know how anyone would want to be a referee. I mean half of the team is going to hate one of the two teams is going to hate your guts at the end of the game. I just don't think it went. I was never the losing team ever says, you know, all the rappers great tonight really like it's always somebody's always going to hate you and I just don't know. I mean, I know we've complained that the rest a lot and stuff but man they My abuse the referees take not over only this week, but it is a lot and I don't know I'd I would definitely not be for me. And I think that you do see a good job. Actually NHL's get a lot of ex-players and stuff. Especially American League players East Coast league players are turning to trap reason and I think at that level it's a little different obviously. Well, they're full-time paid as well. But but yeah at that never definitely never crossed my mind, but I think it's good for me Bianca first something. It's not going to work out for them as professionals to really trying to get into it. There's number one lead on to what's your thoughts that what's your thoughts on the I-80 officials? Now, let's just stop I'd say this is a very tough job. They're obviously part-time. They're not professionals. You do realize you're not going to get find anymore. Well whole series of the carbon that is no I mean, I'm not trying right but it does seem like being consistency isn't great and I do think that the league has to better job of finding ways to monitor it better and I'm not even sure who's in charge of watching. The referees are judging. Performances but perhaps like watch the tapes or sending clips and things like that. And you know, you don't know it should have been semi-professional. Could it be a home? Yeah, then the funding I mean, I guess it's hard to say that could I don't know what the referees other jobs are but you know, you're saying okay. Well, you're only able to work a couple days a week now and then we're going to copy your sellers the rest. I don't know how that would work and things like that, but I do think if the leak is getting to a standard then I think that they have to the referees also has to catch up to I don't think you can still have just completely almost amateur referees traveling around weekend the weekend to referee these games when you know, there's The teams are getting bigger budgets and bigger travel and bigger sponsors and plan a Champions. They got think you have to try and get it to catch up. And you know, I do I know the reference to get a hard time and I do honestly I do think that it can be improved and I think it's more of a beep thing than individual. I think the referees are they're not trying to not do a good job. I just think you need more guidance and the think you need more not funding everybody's were funding but more opportunity and exposure to sort of improve their game as well as think it's just been if you look at the standard of it over the last 10-15 years kind of been the same. Time for February's player of the month award brought to you by phone account. We put out for your nominations on who you thought was the best Belfast Giants player of the last four weeks or so and from your nominations. We've drawn up this short list number 7 Mark Garside number 15 elegant Pierce. 64 David Goodwin and number 89 Kiran long voting is now open on Twitter @ AV F TV or twitter.com /av F TV and it will be open until Friday afternoon. We hope to give the trophy I to the winner. I'm Faith game on Friday night and a big thank you to for niqab has always for sponsoring the award. So before we let you go, mr. Shields, it is the February player of the month in the voting has opened. The four nominees are David going to pick it is that we say and I picking it. Well, you don't listen to you. So elegant elegant pierced David Goodwin Kiran long unmarked Garside of those for who would get your vote. Long as you claim that I thought I watch the tides been you just be a little bit better and get more opportunities and obviously got off to a tough start this year and could really find a rhythm but he's a good player and hopefully be back next year and get another opportunity. You want to gets off to a better start. He'll be good Pierce because you came in. I don't watch enough of every game so I don't even know like when I point these people had and then good ones were good. I thought good for his name. Good story. Please call. On Friday to one right here. The first one is the Diet Cokes to my seat, so I can't remember all the goals. Of those 10 years past he's done. He's just of these names. I know whether he's good on defense has he's been playing some forward this year too. Hmm. He's been such a good addition to think plays all over and you know, just got to get his teeth fixed about to you point them in the right direction candy if he was on here he would service let me so I know I know he's a great guy. I've known for a long he's supposed my brother actually back. Back in his second home when he was in East Kilbride, even those born fighter trust the night Scottish politics. I did says who would be your choice of those for Mark Darcy, but that's it. I think I said, I think what shed said is solidified at them. So this is testimonial month. He's got a weapon David. There's absolutely no date. I'm just going to flex our a spreadsheet up here. I have ever what I'm feeling for time there, but I think Mark our side with As points at the weekend moved into the top 10 all-time and Belfast John's Point scored on he's done. He's had a couple of big bombs. Yeah, everybody knows how to having that shot has as that he's got from the blue line and a couple of some high managed to have enough on them to get past the goalies and the past months or a couple of egg bombs from the blue line is testimonial month just has to be Gary says month. So I learnt lots of that last weekend at some take a slap shot from the point and the goalie dropped his gloves by mistake and he caught it barehanded. How many he's moved into the top 10 TV? How many does he need to get the top? I think he stopped him but you're as high many more points is you need to get the top. Yes up. He needs to play another 3,000 diems. You don't have to start by evil Davey or no? No, I'm aware. He needs another 440 points. Points and Papa's Got 640 that's going to take some re quite the career that catchy so for played really well, it's somebody ever gets a I'll be the first one to shake their hand and be there alive. It won't be, you know, I'm done that note myth. It's been a delight to have you back on. I hope you keep them well and good luck with t PF. I'm with the gulf. Thanks for joining us. Thanks guys. Appreciate good to chat to Big. Thanks to: Shields. Right? Let's get down to training scissors pop down and had a chat with with Adam Keefe. But first, let's hear from Mark Garside Mark our shine after treatment Tuesday Morning guy three-point weekend. Obviously, that's not ideal. But bouncing back from the PIN for one time on the Saturday evening. You must be in place whether the fight back. Yeah. I mean, we definitely showed the good guy to come back there. I think Everybody was little bit disappointed with the way we came out the first two periods. But you know in the end their own during the break there were guys were getting off from work, you know, as a collective. We saw it to say that they turning around and and give a real door and end up coming up with three goals for us. So it's job on it down. It's been a you've been in this position before points behind the leaders going into last seven eight. Nine games stolen talking Predator. Yeah. I mean the top five teams are all within touching distance of each other. So I Then the teams are losing to sort of five done device cool as well. So we have to just try and keep going and see what comes over there and obviously with a big game against Faith Friday and then they're big weekend. After that. We just have to take every game as a constant trying to try to put the maximum at points. We can split a big fear for you ten years ago. I had testimonial get him obviously your testimony events leading up to and talking about number 10 and with your two assistants on Saturday night. Sorry, you moved into 10th Place overall on the points. Structure as a Belfast giant zombie not to pay another 10 more years and I should be off to the post. I think you probably got more Chan years. I need to be honest. No, I mean I had no idea. That was that was right. I don't really look at it anymore. Obviously, you're playing D & Stuff. It's more about the job that you're there and even when I spent for the nurse, you know, I thought of offline you your job is more about possession and finishing heads and being an energy player site, but it's a bit of a surprise was a nice surprise took over Chris Hagen. It's and I sitting right alongside Robbie Sandra. So I say it took over Chris seconds. I yeah, I'm just the scale December first time ever supposed. Yeah, thanks guy out of my weekend again three points, but I know you're disappointed with the result in part of the effort on Saturday night, but Guilford we talked about in numerous times this year. They're solid team without a lot of success so much against them this year and they just come into plants. Yeah, certainly. We get into many chances on the power play firstly and then fed their transition game, which is not the right thing to do against a fast skilled Guilford team for the first 40 minutes. I didn't really like our game but it's a great response from the team in the third period and a great comeback and that's to comebacks like that in the last few weeks in the third period although we don't want to put ourselves in those positions to have to come back. It is nice to have that conference that we know should we get down in a game that we have the ability to come back and and clogged ins back and now so that is something that we can build on going into Friday talk about giving the Friday Seven League games remaining going on the Friday five flowers pollen for their lives trying to obviously get off that bottom spot, but I'm trying and pick up I'd lost a playoff spot as well. Yeah. I think there are team that struggled there for a while but seems like They've actually found some form leaving out their last result there again Sheffield, but of late, they've been picking up some big wins and you know, we know from playing against Fife over the years their team that again if you don't if you don't play the right way and you feed their transition game and they're an opportunistic team that can score they have some guys who can really put the puck in the net and so you have to be dialed in you got to be ready and it'll be no different. Aren't there playing to try to make the playoffs and we're playing to advance in the standings and it's going to be a tight game everyone. I'm from here on out is going to be tight. So you have to be switched on mentally for for the duration of the game. You've been in this position before regarding being behind the leader in points get in the last handful of games and it's totally still not over it, but you've got to push on and just try and paint shop pick up one game at a time. If you look at the weekends that go by here any team can beat any team on any night and it's something we need to realize there's a group There's an opportunity there for us to claw back into this title race and leave it all out there. So that their last couple games of the Season you really matter and that's what we're playing for right now that and finding some form here going into the playoffs as we all know, the quarterfinals of the playoffs is a two-game aggregate. So it's a hundred twenty minute game means that we need to be able to play two games in a row. Well, we need to be consistent for two games in a row and that's what we're looking to find right now. If we do that starting Friday and we continue to build on that going to the weekend. You'll never know where you end up with the end of the season and jury front three injuries. Obviously you left out Goodwin on Saturday night. Paul's one of those pick up an arc and you're not a hundred percent yourself. Yeah, that's that's from lack of working out. But yeah, good. He looks like you'll be okay for this weekend. He's skating full practice today, which is good news for us. When a horse was still waiting on some word back from the doctor and obviously he wasn't able to escape today. So we'll see how he progresses throughout this week. They have a Joanna come back on the stats regards to Gary. Yes with the short as we alluded to or chat. Mushy answer. He's moved up above Rob Sandra and to ninth all-time and the Belfast jars for points scored. He's up there one 545 games. So, you know, there's not many many games left from the catch Graham Walton and second place and then I supposed to shoot for shit for shares right at the top of styles that are but fantastic servant of the club buddies came up 205 points now for the Belfast and 55 goals hundred and 50 assists for the 205 points and and hopefully many many more to calm, you know, he's got a lot of points in the blue line this season. He's he's jumped up front when he's needed to, you know, you can still throw them in the faceoff Circle still a bit Rusty and they're not the fierce off man. He once was when he sent their dad Keith and Lloyd but you know, he's been a father served them and just come and just after his this testimonial month there. It's I hope to see Gary on the on the ice for many years to come but that's some great numbers that suppose the next one on the list is Todd Kellman and then and then Jeff Mason, so You guys with a lot of problems that are there the top to you d man and you know for him to be the top scorer and demon in the club as well would be quite a feather in his cap. Should he ever managed to overtake them guys? Yeah, right. Let's have a quick look around the league very quick look around the league because we're going to move on is challenge cup weekend between the chef and Steelers and the card of devils and think I know what the answers going to be here. But I'm going to ask the question. Anyway, David, who do you thinks gonna win? In your essay, I don't care go on. Between her and he Sheffield and Carlos. When do they plan Sunday? All right. Well the plan Friday and in the league and then Sunday on the cup challenge cup. All right. Yeah, that's what I expected. Send any different from you. Yeah - chef at are going to want to in Cardiff. Yep. Do you think they'll take the points on Friday? Because obviously that would be the precursor to that in the same venue. Yeah, I don't know about I don't really care like they I've just got a funny feeling chapter gonna win. Well, he's going to see will see that Kim is live on free sports. I believe on Sunday join our Murphy for that. I'm regards to the league. The service dealers do still said top. They didn't have a dad a meteor weekend kind of devils. However took an absolute thumping at the hands of Nottingham Panther 7/3 in in Nottingham costly players doing well. They hammered Glasgow who seemed to be dropped continued to drop Gaston while Dundee beat the Manchester storm on Saturday thoughts on the clown Devi the had a benefit that had a bit of money over many Revival period over the weekend, you know, it's difficult to see High they'll not have to make changes again there in the summer and you know Simon I'll tell he's had the interact with Zach Fitzgerald a good few times over in the end the Odyssey the season I like great guy great guy, but unfortunately the coaching thing just isn't working either demanded of its Personnel of its coaching. Whatever it is, you know, I don't think the Glasgow clown owner. yep we'll we'll be able to be patient I don't see him getting a second season their own fortunately for him and you know it's not it's a sad thing about hockey and also results driven business and you know the classical Clan or desperate for success of their right that that from the you know we had the conference system we will always said you know that was purpose-built for the clan the when Lakes hide it didn't hide a managed to throw away some legs and even then extent that's one where the were what was very early in the season but say you know little tuber early November there were certain it was like you can catch the clouds remember those films three small from years ago who can stop the Panthers or whatever it was or the stators kind of are but you know they've just got it and the free for think is what is it two or three wins and thirtysomething games so you know they're they're going to do well the sneaked out last playoff spot that have to get into some sort of form that they that but you know what's that an ugly time to be a Glasgow fan The data River we're completing another inconsistency and sort of fourth place and Stell with an outside shot at the lake, which is quite long suffering. If you're a Glasgow from the as you say there's a bit of a Revival on Sunday beating the storm in altering them to nothing Cardiff recovered from their loss and Lally. I'm to be done these stars and Sunday at home six to but none of them went the other way and I had a shootout loss to the Coventry Blaze at home. Um for 3 says the blaze are doing really well considering yeah, the Polly please are they're the best team of the last I guess the last 20 games are the best. The temporarily Halifax icj modern and I already December from memory and then I stir it has got them playing really really well and you can see it, you know, but only a point behind us. I've got a key in the hand. That means they were not legal Fifth and if it stays the way fourth and fifth says way there is the season we played them in the the the playoffs or not. To be honest with you. That's probably the T-Mobile do not want to face the playoffs and you know, they're on fire at the moment. They're clear. Really well to beat everybody - I mean the last time they were in Belfast we plead with the doubleheader. We won the Friday they won the saturday. So it's that's a recurring aspect that's really crippled us this year. But you know, the players are certainly on a on a hot Trail for sure you click on let's have a look at the at the league table Sheffield steel still top 40 It games played 63 points the card of devils have three games in hand and said only one Point behind them on 62 points natyam sit on level points with the Giants with one let fear game played 58 points from 46 of them and 58 points from 47 for the Giants probably has 57 points and 46 games Guilford 53 points for 47 games Manchester in 741 points from 40th Glasgow. Just holding on there in the playoff spot 39 points and 47, but Crucially don. T have a game in hand and only said one point behind them 38 points from 46 games and the faith are still just about in with contention 34 points from 48 games. The Belfast Giants only have one game this weekend. It's the challenge Cup Final weekend. So only one game this weekend on Friday night at 7 p.m. Against the five Flyers bit like last week we decided to put it out there to see who we'll be happy enough to come on and give their opinion on the preview for this game and Shauna Milligan got in touch of here well here she is hello my name is Shawna and I've been a Giants fan since around 2017 but merely since the start of the season I think the Giants will pay well if they put their mind to it because the figure of Faith could potentially win as they've beaten us before and they've also getting chef this once before and almost three quarters at one point so it all depends if the Giants can keep their may not on the game we need to watch out for face top players they go through all in encoder because they are players that will be wanted to score Rose and will try anything to make 13:1 I think are key players to watch out for on freely scheme I definitely Goodwin Pierce Harlem when Morgan and smothering because they're always paying their best are always trying to put the puck into the net and score to possibly when the game otherwise they're also defending trying to get the pocket from going into RM these players are definitely worth watching and keeping an eye on big thanks to Shawna for that. Yep game is at 7 p.m. Against the five flash on Friday get yourself down there get skits killing of all get involved in one of the final few games at home of this season for the Belfast chance, and I've if you can't make that trip you can of course join. Mr. Kitchen on Belfast Giants TV any other business boys, I'll start to make sure that everybody regards to the bleed till 100 ice in this last week. We've had 11 donations who were really driving forward where they were up to 61 donations that were driving forward were towards that 100 with only a few. Weeks left there will be more news on that. Maybe next week is the highwomen to get the upper, please, please please keep getting going down there. Please donate and you're a pint of blood 10 pounds courtesy of the very kind people of former cop goes to the Northern Ireland blood transfusion service and we will provide you with the Temple of your choice at the final game of the season against the five flowers on the 21st of March any other business Place. Yeah. I've got one One just wanted to reiterate our congratulations to Teixeira Michael and Karen. Yeah, Freddy. So Saturday night, Karen asked Michael to be her husband on the leap year 12 was a 29th of February and maybe could really say no liquor. in front of 5000 about five and a half thousand people Milton and I think it was more not even the middle of doing his work when Karen come out earlier they tunnel and andouille a sand and he'd be honestly didn't know what was happening but Laura small and Karen had a few be plans put in place over the last couple of weeks and they came to me ten days ago about so mega mega Inferno one about not telling him but you know there is only a very few select people that knew about it and congratulate system to Absolute Legends and they did they made a time there was a car and working for cookery and and and all the time and every cheapest and the lad and obviously make up for everything detours and as a volunteer at the SSA Arena and and I just want to listen congratulations it's am looking forward to the big day and I'm sure I'll be able to crack as well absolutely congratulations to them brilliant David I've got tears you things Metro for some fun not so much fun first of all I think on behalf of all of us big happy birthday darras go perhaps the loss there are Smiley fearful listener girlfriend of a solar you know we see him around the arena is always cups - vs always very positive on Twitter reaching out and say hello to everybody so big happy birthday de Carrasco from us for I guess you have it on their shoulder yeah on a bit of a more serious note I've seen a few different people sort of pick their struggles bar I don't Twitter which is it's great it's great that we're in 2012 them people and I know that feel comfortable enough to say like I'm having a having a few problems here with remember how or whatever I've changed my medication I'm struggling whatever we're all here for each other first of all in the podcast for us for because we have all got our demons believe you me and we talked to each other probably more than we took the any other humans so it's good to have that What but you know that I've seen Alexis Ami Dalton later this week. You're struggling with his me as not keep out of me. We're here. If you just want to talk, you know, the the lines of communication are always open. It's good for guys that talk to each other because sometimes your bottle stuff up there and that's when it becomes a major problem to keep taking the medicine as are keeping the top has asthma can only see us and the last one was the A J McMahon we go let that was the Belfast dansgame. She'll probably nor more from Twitter, but she's managed to score a PE job for a whole year come September. That's just very excited about becoming Miss McMillan. So congratulations to her on getting the job which is wanted so I've seen it once they're on Twitter for a year, but being sooo nervous about going for job interviews and stuff. She's gone for once just smashed it. So congratulations are so some good news stories about the chance this week here here and Sammy you had Chris level opened in the box of the weekend. Yeah, that's sing. Just as Debbie says, you know, people are starting to talk about it on Twitter and Facebook and social media and you know again, I my political correctness sometimes because I'm the one doing the don't really say the right thing at the right time, but they were ready to reiterate. Sorry with the only Sam, you know, if you just need to chat to somebody if you just you know, if you need to reach out and and you're having bad thoughts or anything just talk or somebody does never be as to be somebody. You don't know him in that. I've been doing A Better Tax in recently and to be honest. It's sort of There's some people get me and the car and then again, I only do it, you know every every so often there's obviously we thought for like a believer bucketload of General. Did you guys do I work for the cab but you know, there's there's people that get in cars from all walks of life from all age groups and sometimes the taxi driver may be the only person that they actually speak to you that day. So, you know, there's there's been incidents where bad things have happened because you know people have just gotten their bad place and and they haven't had the chance to speak to anybody about it. They just don't feel that anybody wants to listen and and yeah taxi drivers can't be up here and they Arch but believe it or not. They're all good listeners. And if even if you're just having a conversation and I don't want to mention the name of the driver, but there was an incident a few weeks ago. where this guy got in the car said that she was having some really bad thoughts and needed help on that our parents weren't listening to here and the driver told her he said look you need to go you need to go speak to somebody you need to go in and go to the hospital and she was going to go somewhere else and she says will you drop me off at the hospital and he dropped her off the Royal Hospital and even just a second lesson to that as a as a as a parent but she is you know younger early he said it wasn't definitely early 20s are she looked in her early 20s anyway and she just looked and I really bad spot and he took hurdler particular Lloyd Hospital took her and the any himself I made sure she checked and where she seen a triage nurse and then he had the guy I have to go back to the house where he picked her up and I told the parents that she was in hospital the which they were very worried about her and they went to hospital because they they grow let's say to him that she wasn't she didn't feel confident enough to speak their own parents about this she hadn't mentioned their own parents she hasn't said anything they didn't know anything about it so the parents went straight to the Royal hopefully hopefully they're neither possession than that they've realized that she has happened about time and and she's on the mandor hopefully you know she say in the right people to do who you can come it certainly put her on the right track if you want to put it that way but I can't just reach out and talk to somebody it doesn't have to be as I say to another PS3 does not to be you know bag Joel Mojave as well just reach out and talk to somebody if you if you're in a bad place because it's a you know everyone is equal yeah I think it's a very very very poignant as Davey says new especially I'm in no position to talk because you know goes to the going through a lot of things from so I've gone through a lot of things myself and go through a lot of things myself and it's times can be very difficult but it's always good to be able to reach out reach out and talk to somebody about it because you know it's if you bottle things up believe me it it doesn't do any good On that note which island positive note regards to Aaj main commercial Easter and the happy birthday Rosco. Maybe we should flip it around the other way and Foundation the happy note. Yeah, the second one was saying happy birthday to Ross. I've met how many times you said that last time you find that Simon but you know, I don't like to boast get guys. I'm starting to read somebody else's from the Johnsons how to birthday. I don't remember writing my column second row. So we video message saying happy birthday as well over the minute that good stuff, and I'm sure it will play this week five flowers. Thank you, babe. I were gonna win that big when get only get only over says we can't is one Gary last sighs Debbie says one game one game this weekend 5 Friday night 7:00 p.m. At the SSE Arena get yourself down there or get in front of a TV and join mr. Kitchen, and he'll be joined this week myth, you know. if either you two want to come over come on ahead I was a very very nearly our Centennial but it doesn't work like this weekend all the boys seem to be ready to rock enjoyed hearing Johnny O's have to say I thought he was good always good to hear vomit Johnny's all was gonna pay you know we I know he's got other things to do around the arena with his role as a on the Giants so it doesn't necessarily get chance all the time but I was sure I had somebody else lined up they could you do it at the time and around Johnny and this I yelled I love it I love it it's so and he's just so knowledgeable like you know he's an absolute that's the one thing about Johnny he can go in there you can color can't hear but he can go into so much detail to even one-on-one I'll take you away inhale draw it back please it just it just loves talking about hog a good Johnny a scene a scene when you had the camera on them like Joe break some stuff III and a couple of HitFix two years we have which is always so excited signature move is I'll send you off with needles got the the clip so it I didn't realize they were all night of the testimonial I didn't realize that but I'm sure it's all on the hard drive so I had to look three bits and pieces of the other day to pick up my let's try to pick out bits and pieces of happened was he I want to see that my toad angleman that's you know what a paramagnet Magic Man actually what that Pally come over here on Sunday morning he said that he said did you see what they did at the catch your last name Isis so came at the just relax contact only at the airport he sees you can tell me about it later on but now I've been said well I'll get those cab we need is going to cut them by for males I'll send them over to you so you can pick the right Navy FTP and that everybody see it fantastic right on that note big thanks to: shales big thanks to Shawna for her preview thanks to Adam Keefe if and the mark our site for time donut training thanks reformed and get new says remember the player of the month pole is nigh open David Goodwin elegant Pierce Kieran long or Mark Garside that will be open until Friday afternoon on Twitter @ AV F TB or twitter.com /av FTB you can also get his kingdom of jans.com and emails podcast at Kingdom of the Giants.com thank you mr. McGee MC and thank you mr. kitchen mr. Smith and wherever you are this weekend we hope you enjoy your hockey and we'll catch you here next time on a view from the bridge