All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast. Host Chris able and man. I am so hyped up because this episode is a Zinger. It is a good one. I had such a good time making this this past weekend myself and my buddy Joseph Powers headed down to Atlanta for the Olympic trials marathon and I am still hyped up off the energy from that Marathon today. We're going to be talking with somebody who actually raised in the marathon, Owensboro. Native now living in Colorado Springs. She's a full-time occupational therapist. That's right. Jamie Adkins. I had the chance to talk to Jamie on the phone and have a full interview with her. Thank you so much to Jamie for taking some time out of her schedule sit down with us. And I think you're really going to get a lot out of this. We sat down we talked about training how to fit training into your life and around work running with her dog and The things that she likes to do, it's really I am super excited about this interview if you can't hear it already. So I'm not gonna waste any more time. I'm gonna talk more about the marathon and spectating and some of the things that we saw while we were down there later, but let's not waste anymore time. Let's get right to this interview. Let's do this. All right joining us now is Owensboro native and just a monster of an athlete. We've got Jamie Atkins Jamie ran track for USI as she got on the team as a walk-on. She decided to do Indy Monumental last year. And then once she you know, she ran that she qualified for Boston and she thought well, you know that's going to be a really cool experience. But when she moved to Colorado decided that, you know, what they support of others in the area that she was actually going to train for it. And we'll hear more from her. I don't want to tell the whole story but Jamie thanks for joining us today. Yes, of course. All right, so, you know, you did track and you ran it Davis County and did stuff like that. What led you to the point where it's like, okay, I guess I'm going to do a marathon because there's a huge difference between doing track in high school and 10ks and then decided. Okay I'm going to do. Two miles. So what led you to that? Yeah. It has kind of an interesting process. You know, I was kind of like in high school. I love like the 800 in the mile and I think there were a few rare occasions. I got put in the two-mile and I was like, oh, please no never again and then and then kind of the same thing in college, actually I did like 5K like mile and then and there is a race in California Mount Sac that was you know, like on the dream list to be able to, you know, be one of the ones that got to go to say my senior year my coach said, you know, basically you're not fast enough to be in the 5K, but oh man, and he, you know said I worked really hard and took me and was my first 10K and then I qualified for Nationals and so And then yeah and then like realize like oh actually maybe I'm good at this thing. I've never done before and then kind of went from there after college ran my first half marathon because I've never done that distance and then of course, you know, it's on the runner bucket list to do a marathon. I feel like sure. Yeah, absolutely. And yeah, I was kind of kind of funny I ran when I was thinking I would do them. I thought I ran with the legion Parts group of guys and they I think it was like, you know often and David Taylor, you know, they kept asking me like did you signed up because I talking about doing any Monumental I doing a marathon try to qualify for Boston. Like did you sign up yet? You like it might go up. I was like too scared because I wasn't sure I could run 26 miles. Okay, and so I think at once I got to like I did a 20-mile long run. I was like, okay, I think I should run. In like six more miles and so I finally signed up for the race. But yeah kind of a interesting process to get there. I suppose rut the runners that we run with certainly have a huge influence on us. They got us into doing things that we either didn't think we wanted to do and end up wanting to do or the other. Yeah that that's kind of exactly what happened. I I did. Obviously in D and then call fiber Boston, so I would say is going to run Boston and then I ended up getting strep throat right before Boston. So that was like kind of rough day, but did Boston and then my friends here were like, oh you should you know try to try to qualify for the trials run see IM like it's the last chance and I had a friend that was she signed up and then I had a friend that qualified for he was running Chicago. Go his name is Cameron. And I would I knew his rights cago. So I was like, oh, well, I guess I'll sign up for see I am if you sign up knowing that he's already entered another marathon and then he sent me a picture a screenshot of like he signed up to see I am I was like, oh no, I had a great time and I was just there for a day and just feeling the energy I cannot imagine what the energy was like running the race because you know, you talked about your first 20 mile long run and knowing like you can do six more miles, but just that energy and adrenaline you get in any race let alone what that is for the Olympic trials. So just go into the energy that you felt. Crazy, yeah, I mean, I feel like it was like even more than Boston really because kind of how the course was designed, you know by doing the loops that you know, there were fans along the whole course and you don't usually like the first like start of the race is just like crazy because everybody wants to see the start and so I mean, obviously it was like that, you know, it's so loud. You can't hear yourself think and then in my watch like vibrate up to the first And I'm like, it's still so loud, you know still so many fans and then you're like all the way out as a hairpin turn coming back and you're like, it's still so loud. Yeah, it was just crazy like I mean the whole course and then it was really cool to like, you know, like I had lots of friends, you know out and to hear their voices and then like spot them in the crowd, you know, like people from here that I kind of Of forgot that they were coming, you know, and then I like hear their voice and I'm like, oh, oh, oh you're here. I forgot you were going to be here. You know? Yeah that give you a lot of motivation along the way just every time you recognize somebody. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and it was cool to to the weight. Of course was you know, you do The Hairpin turn and then you get to see everybody coming on the way back. So at some point I was like kind of in I don't know, LOL and like watching everybody like, yeah. It was really funny as a spectator because like the men would go and then the women would go and then everybody would like leave that spot and run to the next spectating spot and then we'd all post up there and then we knew you guys were coming back around so we would run back to where we just were to see the other side of the loop and we just kept going back and forth. How is that this is just absurd and amazing. But yeah, so yeah, I got to were you Running With The Pack most of the time because I saw you three or four times I was able to spot you out. But we're here for the most part where you in a pack or yeah, they were kind of a group of girls that we were all kind of running. Yeah, you know like in the same general Area back and forth. So yeah, it was yeah, it was nice to not like be super strung out. Absolutely. So the wind was absolutely insane like even just standing there. Like did you notice that right away like the oh, oh, yeah. This is this is brutal. Yeah. I mean at first like you're kind of like the the crowds and like the buildings and then I There was like a that first like turn and then the Gus like kind of went through the buildings and then you're not in like a giant pack of girls. It was like a little bit more spread out and I there was like one point. I almost like got knocked off my feet. It was so so windy man. Yeah, the the TV said that it was like 19 mile per hour winds, but in those buildings man, it had to be way more than a 30 mile per hour wind gusts. I had no idea. Yeah, so and then but I mean the other part of it was the elevation for a road Marathon was was pretty intense. But I mean you're out in Colorado Springs. So that was that did you feel like a factor? Was that something you felt ready for that was definitely something that I had planned for I they had a course preview. I didn't run it but I had friends. I ran it and they came back and they were like, oh, it's silly and so I knew if they said it's hilly. They it was hilly. So I kind of prepared for the worst. I did a lot of long runs and then just runs in general in Garden of the Gods which is like I mean in a 20-mile long run you probably get like 2,000 feet of elevation gain. So like it's some like giant climbs in there. So definitely was aware of the hills and factored that in but I wasn't expecting the wind. Yeah, and I mean that that just drains you so fast, I think almost more mentally I would think than physically you're just like, oh, yeah ever and yeah, I run one other race that was really windy like that. I did a half marathon up in Denver and it was yeah. It just really does it wears you down. Yeah now just so outside of that. Did I mean, did you have fun during the race? Did you have a good time? Yeah, definitely. I did enjoy. It was awesome to like just to experience is awesome. And then, you know seeing my friends and family out there and like my little niece and her yellow hat on her dad's shoulder. You know, it's like pretty awesome period awesome. So what did you all end up doing the rest of the time you're down there? After the race, I spent some time with my family. I had my parents came and my sister and my niece has had some cousins and my boyfriend was there and so just you know, I would like chatted with them for a while. I was like so excited to see all of them and then it was, you know a few minutes and then I was like, okay we have to like it's unfair now. Oh, no that did they have a good spread for you. All the tents and Centennial Park and I was just like ooh, I bet they've got some grub in there. They hooked us up for the whole weekend. They had like food all the time and then they had like all the meals for us. We are they had a general. I think the coolest dinner they had for us was at the aquarium. That was so awesome. What yeah, they like really hooked us up. That's what was the best food that they had there for you. They had some really delicious pasta and then I don't even know it was like some roasted vegetables with like a delicious sauce on it. It was quite quite good man. I think the best part about running is the food that we get to eat along. I don't know like iíve want to say I run because I love it, but I think it's more so I run because I just really love food. Yeah, no guilt you have whatever. Yeah, it's like oh I ran, you know 50 miles this week. I'm gonna yeah, so whenever so now that you know, this journey has kind of come to the clothes for this season of marathon running, you know, do you think you're going to take some time off you're going to hop on the bike and do some stuff with that or you just kind of gonna chill out and what kind of things do you see yourself doing? As far as staying active now. Yeah, well today was absolutely beautiful here. So I couldn't resist I went for a run sure. And then it was so lovely. I went for a ride. Wow, Iron Man Here Comes Jamie. Yeah. Yeah, so Last summer. I did a half Ironman. I've never done the like an Olympic distance Triathlon. So I'm planning on doing that this summer and then maybe looking ahead sometime next year looking into an Ironman at some point. But yeah just always enjoying being active for sure. Absolutely. Absolutely. I it was just interesting to see all of this kind of Continue to build up and following your journey and the whole time just like man. What do you what do you do after an experience? Like this is kind of cool because I mean there are certainly that their post Marathon Blues is certainly a thing have you experienced any of that yet? Or are you just kind of almost thankful. It's like I'm almost free from the bonds of training for this thing like Non-Stop. Yeah, I think I'm really I'm kind of enjoying it like I kind of intentionally just took a couple days off, you know, just to mentally get myself a break. Remember what sleeping in is like and and then yeah, I think definitely definitely a break from the workouts and the super long run but The the weather starting to warmer days here. And so, you know, I'm just excited to you know have have time to like go camp and then the marathon training has been going a long time since there's such quick turnaround from see I am so it's kind of hard to like go from that and then right back to it. I'm to some variety and obviously studying active but you know lessening the intensity. Yeah more for the enjoyment in the love of it and less for the yeah. No, I have to go and do this right? So did you've obviously found a pretty awesome running and active Community there in Colorado Springs. Can you tell us a little bit about what value that? brings to your active lifestyle Oh, yeah. Yeah, the so first actually it was Suzanne Holt happened to be like literally right across the creek. She when I when I moved here the apartment she was helping a friend move out here for clinical and you know, we were texting like oh, that's me. Dr. Ron. Where are you? And so, you know, we traded address and I was like wait you're like, right you're right there. And so she was Out, you know, we went for a run and then she she had for some reason she had gone to the running stir here color Running Company and was like, oh this is going to be your places is going to be like the legends of Colorado Springs. They got a running group you should go and so she was actually the one that got me connected with color Running Company, which is where I first met my like first group of running friends, and then obviously it just kind of like expanded from there the vast running Community here. But yeah, I mean, it's I mean, they're like the greatest friend, you know, it's not just running. It's the people that like when you need something have been there for me since my family's back at home, you know that as made such such a great Community here, which has been awesome for sure. And that was kind of I kind of had that same thing when I moved back to Owensboro because none of the people Pulled that I really hung around with them high score around anymore. So that first year I moved back, you know, it was wasn't until I started showing up to the group runs what really helped me adapt to being back in what kind of seemed like a new city. So that's really cool that running was able to provide that for you in Colorado Springs as well. Yeah. So you keep building up this distance, you know, originally you're Like I hate to Miles hate fuckin find out it you love it. So now you're at 26.2 and now you're looking at a man up full Ironman is a possibility. You think you'll ever enter the ultra conversational know what's coming. I mean, you know, yeah, everybody keeps asking about that not right now. I'm sure that's just the last You want to think about right now? Yeah, I mean I definitely have friends that are competitive at it and its really big out here there's tons of ultra races, but I think for me right now that that sounds like next-level kind of stuff. So I think the for me and next on the list is doing some Triathlon stuff and you know, if a an ultra sounds appealing Calm down the road then maybe but I think I'm not quite there yet. Oh sure. I well. I I think it's just a matter of whether or not you want to I think you're there. Let's not let's not kid yourself here. You'd be great. Now. I love riding the bike. I've got to be totally honest. I hate swimming. Do you actually enjoy swimming? Yeah, so it has to be Now it's 5:30 to go for a swim. But my boyfriend's been all winter. He's like, oh, it's so great the trails, you know, sometimes it's snowy or we'll just go for a swim. I like I refuse I like it is 30°. I'm not outside. I'm not getting in that pool. I'm cold inside. So like, you know, the pool gets kind of monotonous. If I if I have somebody going with me, you know, and they're like, all right, how long you going for 40 minutes? Okay that I, you know find a way to do it and I did. Nice, like getting into a rhythm and you know, I kind of like it if I'm doing it with somebody else in the pool, but they're actually quite a few lakes here that allow Open Water swimming. So that's been kind of fun it to be able to cycle to a lake and when I feel like that's much more enjoyable and the time goes by because I just love being outside. And so if I can be outside in the water then great. So that definitely makes it a lot better, but I'm not that great at swimming for winter. I just I remember when I got a plantar fasciitis last fall and so I was on the bike or swimming or whatever and I mean I was so bad at it. The Jordan locks actually came up to me and he was like, hey, man, you are you look like Tarzan. I was like, I don't even know what that means dude. And he's like your heads out of the water. Your form is just terrible. I'm like well go easy on him and tell me how it is, but he helped me out. But yeah even still to this day. I was like I can run X number of miles no problem, but I swim half a mile and I feel like I'm dying so I don't really get it or understand it. It's but that yeah swimming elevation is like that'll get you out of breath. I didn't even think about that. Yeah. Yeah, so I'm actually going To Fort Carson in July with my because I'm in the reserve and that'll be like right in the middle of marathon training for me. Should I like take my mileage down and I like get out there or let's see have to see what elevation there at but yeah, I would say. It could take you like a couple days to feel like you know, you're you might feel like you're breathing harder at like a easy Pace. I think personally I think the hardest thing is speed work at elevation. And I found that I wasn't able to sustain tempos. I had to do a head to Purdue more like broken tempos and things like that so that my heart rate come back down and then I could come right back. Um, but and it, you know takes a little bit longer to recover and things like that. But yeah, I would say like easy easy Pace doing long runs doing runs have probably not be too bad. It might after a long run. You might be like pretty exhausted. Oh crap. What just happened. Did I get hit with the train? Yeah. How long did it take you to finally feel like okay, I think I'm comfortable. You know, I really feel like it when I was training for Boston. I was really struggling after long runs. So that was last, you know last year this time I suppose and and I felt dramatically different training for see I am so I almost felt like it was it. Gate a year before but you know not not like to be able to run but to like really train hard and like get used to doing workouts and stuff up here, man. I bet I mean I think just probably being in the the scenery and being than the surroundings of Colorado would just be amazing to be able to run in every day. But yeah, I imagine that that elevation was absolutely brutal for a long time. Yeah. Yeah, but I mean the trails are amazing. That's like what I'm most excited about because I've never been out there the farthest. Oh, the only problem is El Paso, which Okay. Yeah. No, it's awesome. Like literally for train for Boston. We did a point. We'd like drove up North and then stayed on trail for like 20 miles just running for a long run which is like awesome to have like that much Trail. Yeah instead of just doing like the Audubon Loop like 5 million times. Yeah. I like the green belts great, but it only goes so far. Okay. Well, there's Brooke Hill again. Awesome. Yay, what beautiful bricks? So what was one thing that kind of was a reoccurring drive for you in your training? Like is there something that you think about or something that pushes you whenever just it was that part of the workout? We're just like God this sucks. This is horrible. Why am I doing this? Because I mean you were training for a long time. Yeah. Yeah, I there were there were a lot of work out and yeah, really really tough that my my kind of Mantra to myself is or was you can't get this back and so for me that was you know, like this is workout day and every other day is planned out and this is the day to like to give it your all. All on this workout and you know, I've always been like no regrets, you know, so I definitely would see I am I put everything I had into that and so in any workout when I wanted to you know, I wanted to quit I wanted to say like, oh, you know, I'm just having a bad day. I'll just you know, it's just it's you know, not today today's today's not a good day for a workout, you know, it was like no you especially those long run workout. Like there are only so many of those on the schedule. You can't get this back. You can't quit. So that was definitely my mantra for that and that's a great mindset to have and I mean to stay did you stay healthy for that whole like block of training. Did you have any setbacks injury-wise? Yeah. I actually did really really well until you know, I feel like everybody right before the razor just like oh my God, I have something broken. I had a little bit of an issue with my foot and I was of course, you know terrified it was a stress fracture, but it was it was you know, literally taper time. And so I was like, well, you know, it's not so it's broken is broken, but it turned out to be fine. So yeah, so relatively healthy what are some so what were some things that you had worked into your training that you felt like kept you healthy whether that was All straining or yoga or whatever it might be. Did you have things like that factored into your weekly routine that you felt like played played a factor in keeping you healthy? Yeah, honestly, the the stretching really kind of went on the back burner. Not not ideally but you know, you only have time for so much and I DET I prioritized a Core workout. And and hip drills into my like extra kinds of training and then definitely prioritizing predatory prioritizing sleep for recovery. Aunt my boyfriend laughing at me. What time do you go to bed? That's awesome. You know, he's always up for like a 10-mile run but then there's a there's a surprising number of people that still train and work and are willing to run at 5:30 in the morning. So yeah, I can usually convince somebody to come run with me too. Oh, that's awesome. Well, I always love seeing the paw prints and that's actually why I started putting the Paw Prints I time I run with though because like that's a good idea. Idea, I'm gonna do that. Yeah. Yeah, it is so cool to see you guys go on those runs and he's a therapy dog, right? Yeah. So we we passed the test for the therapy dog certification. And so we've been volunteering they have some really great programs. We have one at the library. That's a pause to read program. We do that one and then my work does like a adaptive dance class for kiddos. So we've gone and volunteered there. So that's really fun to incorporate him. Oh, that's amazing. And I mean, it just goes to show how much that amateur endurance athletes can really accomplish and that was kind of one of the whole reasons. I started this thing up one because nobody ADI around me really wants to hear me talk as much about running as I want to talk about. So it's just kind of an outlet but also because I think it's one of the only Sports where anybody that puts in the work no matter what point of life you're in as long as you meet that meet that point, you know, you can achieve just absolutely incredible things. And I think it's the only sport where Happens so you're an occupational therapist, you're obviously immensely busy and then to also do all this training. I just think it is super inspirational to a lot of us who are out here doing the full time job, but also trying to get training in to accomplish. Yes, so we certainly we've been rooting for you the whole way over here in the dirty Burger. I know there are a bunch of folks. Folks over it project rise that were talking about you and and I know that was kind of something that you frequent it while you were here three year anniversary tomorrow. I know yeah, which is absolutely OB. Would you get off of me? Dude? It is been in his great most of the day and now he's free and he's like throwing this ball at my face, but I won't take any more. Where your time and you want to unwind and get some dinner? Is there any kind of last thing that you have to say or something? You want people to know about your training and your journey? Yeah. I mean, I'm definitely thankful for the Owensboro running Community kind of like pushing me to do this. Awesome thing. I don't think I would have run as fast as As I did at my first marathon without the gym Part Group and you know and then like everybody like Suzanne and people encouraged me to come out to project rise and be a part of that community and Dylan kind of planted the seed of like, oh you gonna go for the OT Q, you know, and yes, I'm definitely thankful for to have people that you know supported me and believed in me. Yeah, that's awesome. Well, thank you so much for taking And some time out of your evening to talk with me about your journey and just you know all your training in general. Hopefully when I'm out at Fort Carson, I can join you on one of those early morning group runs. That's right there next to Colorado Springs. You ought to show me some of those trails that are sure I'd be happy to yeah. Awesome. Will Jamie. Thank you so much, and I hope you have a great night and we'll be in touch. Awesome. Thanks. Alright. See ya. Bye. Oh, man, what an interview? Oh my gosh, 30 mile-per-hour headwind. Are you freaking kidding me man? That is some crazy stuff now, I just want to talk a little bit about some of the things we saw whenever we were spectating Joseph and I went down there. We left the house at 3:30 in the morning. God in around oh 1040 we hopped on Marta and we rode the train downtown and God set up to watch now. We didn't start at the starting line. We started to where we could see them come down at about mile and a half and man people were just lining the streets and they had these cow bells ringing and all this stuff. I mean the energy like Jamie said the energy was just insane. There are people everywhere and I Ember when they first came through it was just this huge pack of first of all the men came through just as huge pack of guys running by and then though the women started about 10 minutes after the men and then you just see a double the size of women running through in all of these folks are just book and I mean, even the ones who were in the back of the pack, we're going Way Beyond what the average Average marathon runner does obviously it's the Olympic trials Chris. Duh, but still just absolutely amazing. So as soon as they pass by we kind of look around and we notice that everybody starts running to another point where like where is everybody going and I was like, I guess we're going and so I we took off running we started following them and We lined up and we saw the men running by again. Now. One thing that I do want to talk about is the shoes because we kind of talked about the vapor fly and then being allowed in the marathon for the Olympics. And so we saw quite a bit of different shoes. However, one that definitely stood out was the Nike Alpha. Why yes, there were tons of people wearing that Alpha fly, including the male winner Galen Rupp and this thing looked like a platform shoe. This thing looked like something that Gene Simmons would lace up and we're on stage while performing for kiss. I think I would probably get a solid two or three inches having this shoe on so just kind of give you an idea of how many of these we saw. Of the shoes the top five shoes were the Nike Zoom Vapor fly next percent followed by the alpha fly followed by the Brooks Hyperion Elite followed by the 4 percent Nike followed by the Hoka rocket X. The New Balance fuel cell. Oh, well, that's all right a top five. But anyway, and then we have the socket and or from Pro. So here's how many there were for the vapor fly next percent two hundred and thirteen sixty five men and a hundred and forty eight women laced up the vapor fly next percent. Next on the Mark was the alpha fly. That had a hundred and forty eight of those which they were black with this big bright green foam. So, I mean it really popped. There were 53 men and 95 women in the alpha fly. So we had a hundred forty eight of those there were 49. At the Brooks Hyperion Elite coming in at third fifteen men were in that 34 women and then we had 43 in the Nike Vapor fly. So we had the majority of runners in the Nike shoe. Nike has definitely got this thing on lock down coming in after the Nike Vapor Flies the whole cone a own a rocket X. There are only 17. There's 17 of the New Balance fuel-cell Elite there were Of of the new Saucony endorphin Pro, which I think that thing looks amazing and then through that you just had a few different shoes floating through their including an on. Hmm. Well, how about that? So a lot of those only had one or two somebody even raced in a Brooks launch nice. So the the shoe game is definitely dominated by Nike now, like I said, the atmosphere is absolutely crazy, but brought in Spectators from all over the country including Seth James D'Amore who I got to meet if you haven't checked out Seth's Vlog, which I'm starting up my own Vlog I Stand down. I'm not really doing myself a disservice by sharing sets account with you all but I would really be doing you you guys a disservice. If I didn't tell you that some of the best information you're going to get on running tips training and shoes or going to come from Seth's YouTube account. So make sure you check out Seth James D'Amore. I got a picture with him. He was a super cool guy and that was amazing. I got to talk to Jared Ward for about oh Oh 15 seconds, that was incredible because he is just one of my favorite Runners. It was really a hey Jared good race. Hey, thanks man, really love following you your super inspiring. Oh thanks. He was a little disappointed. I think it was right after the race ended but just super cool to see all of these guys on one place. It was super inspiring to be there for the race. I told you it was a good one. I told you it was and man. I keep going back and listening to the interviews so much fun was actually my first phone interview and it was just really cool to me getting all the technology and everything together. Shout out to Dylan Hammonds. He gave me a crucial piece of equipment that help me out with that. And I think that as I listened to the interview one of the big takeaways that I took was her Mantra of you can't get this back. Back you have this workout that you have to do and there's only so many of these workouts in your training plan. If you don't make this one count, there's only so many more and you're not going to get this one back. So if you don't grow in this workout, then what are you doing? If you quit mid work out just because it's hard now, obviously you're going to be listening to injury and listening to your body, but you can't give up just because you're like, oh my gosh, I'm exhausted. I'm tired. Yes. It's a workout you're Host to be tired. So I think that's definitely something I'm going to add to my mental arsenal of like you're not going to get this run back. Like this isn't coming back if you're training hard core for something you need to make sure you're making every single one of those workouts count and I think that's going into one of the other lessons I learned to of like making sure that your recovery runs your easy runs and your long runs. Are that easy if the Run supposed to be easy you need to take it easy so that way But when you get to those long runs, you can make those count and you won't have to worry about whether or not you pushed hard enough because you're arrested and you are ready to go and on top of that. She talked about her community how awesome it is the influence that those we surround ourselves with and those that we train with have on us they can Inspire us to do amazing things. I know that throughout this episode I've been inspired. Going to the marathon and watching those athletes and talking to Jamie. I'm setting whole new goals for myself is I'm training with folks here in Owensboro. I'm setting new goals for myself. They continue to push me to be a better athlete and that's what this thing is all about. That's been our episode for this week. I truly hope you enjoyed it. Thank you for sharing some time with me. Let me know what you think you as always you can find me on Instagram app share the road pod and on Facebook. Look at share the road podcast once more. My name is Chris able no matter what you're doing whether you're riding swimming running or working out in the gym. Make sure you're doing it with others. Make sure you're inspiring each other always make sure you're making those workouts count and every time make sure you share the road. Thanks guys. Make sure you join me next week able Al.