Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with. I thought I was the only one that thought the way that I thought. I'm glad to know that all creatives. I won't say are created equal but we all have some of the same things that we go through as creatives with, you know, not following through with everything that you've talked. About this far. I've just really enjoyed it. So again, I just want to say thank you started listening. I think at your second episode as I saw a posting on Instagram, and I was I think I was already following you. So just wanted to tell you thank you and keep doing what you're doing because it really helps. God bless you. Hi Casey, this is Caleb. I just start listening to musings of a wildflower yesterday. And now I'm all caught up. So it's definitely engaging in binge worthy. And I really just love the biblical wisdom that comes through as he pieces together kind of living out faith and being human still. So it's really practical. I like that a lot. So just thank you for sharing yourself and being relatable. being vulnerable and sharing viable content Hey guys, it's Casey. The primary Storyteller here at musings of a wildflower. This week's episode is happening. They're all random list. I didn't feel like I was gonna cry on this week's episode. First of all, did you hear the voice mails? I told you we are listening to them. I love them. If you don't know how to do that. If you're listening on the anchor platform. You can actually leave me a voicemail. After you listen to the episode, so leave me a voicemail fellas ladies everybody. I just want to I just want to check in with you guys and we get to share it here here in our community. So this week's episode is entitled treadmill teacher the treadmill teacher if you don't know I do Orangetheory. I just got back from lunch Theory. So maybe that's why I just have a moment of silence. I'm usually more excited. But today I feel like they tried to kill me but I made it but orange theory is Workout place in you do a lot of time on the treadmill and so I have kind of found some really interesting lessons through my relationship with the treadmill. So if you are a part of our family, then you already know grab something to drink right now. I'm just drinking water. It's pretty lame, press juice, whatever. Whatever is your beverage of choice if you're over 21 drink responsibly and listen up for this weeks episode. I'm using some a wildflower as we dive into the treadmill teacher. Hey good people. I love we are tricking. We are tracking. We are Trucking and we are on our what is this the fourth episode? Consistency as I got it as I told you before in the intro, my name is Casey and you are listening to musings of a wildflower and we are going to talk about the treadmill teacher. I think I think in general is always my intention to be a lifelong learner. My degree is in education. So it's just one of those things that I think is sort of ingrained in my mind, but it's on honestly, it's the heart of what we do for here at musings of a wildflower. Like I I look for lessons in everyday life. Like I pray for lessons I pray for Revelation and it's funny because I feel like every every time it's time for me to sit down and record podcast or like it's leading up to the time to record podcast. I'm like, okay. What am I going to say? I haven't learned anything and if I just sit down long enough, I'll just start to. Like zero in on Revelation that I've had through what feels like mundane things and so I'm super excited that musings of a wildflower can be a place to take the mundane and extract the Divine out of it. So I think I told you in the intro so this episode in next week's episode and I've got to be some lessons that I've learned in the Monday and I can spare all like that but these two sort of go together. So this one is called the treadmill teacher So if you don't know I am like everybody I mean it's still march and New Year's resolutions are still in full effect. But like everybody I am on just a journey of probably gets a fitness. What's a wellness? Maybe well in this is a better a better way to describe it. So I at this point I go to Orangetheory a lot. If you don't know what Orange Theory is, it's this workout place. And so you basically have these three stations. You have the treadmill you the rower which is the devil. Yes, and you have the strength floor, which is usually like free weights and things like that dumbbells and they do some kind of bodyweight exercises to so I am at Orangetheory at this point at least four to five times a week. And for the most part the scale is agreeing with me except that I went to Mardi Gras last week and I feel somebody I've got back on this scale. So I had lost I was down maybe 15 pounds when I left for Mardi Gras. And so, you know, you get back like okay, you know, maybe I'll pound I definitely gained three pounds, but I have so much fun. But I told my friend I stepped on the scale. I wanted to drown myself in the sink. It's dramatic. I know and yeah, but that's how I felt. Anyways, I'm rambling but I go to Orangetheory. Usually have to well the good thing is you have this sort of sign up the day before or days before because in a lot of the locations I go to are super popular, I guess cause it's metropolitan cities or whatever. So you have to sign up so reserve your spot so I sign up and I usually usually when I wake up in the morning on the days I go to Orange Theory which is just about every day. If I'm not traveling II think I'm gonna die like I put on clothes that I helped make me feel good because I know that it's going to You suck. It's gonna suck. It's going to be terrible. Like No One's Gonna Be there having a good time. We're all going to struggle but I always I always make it but I was thinking about like how much orange theory in general or even Wellness. So I my pattern is that I try to do orange theory about 5 days a week same any travel day. So if I have a travel day if I have a singing day, what is crazy. I wore my Apple watch while I'm leading worship and I'm literally burn the same amount of calories as what I Orange Theory, so if I'm leading worship, I've up. It just means I run around too much. I don't know but if I'm leading worship, I count that as a workout day. And if not, I just work out at the hotel gym and then I do yoga about three or four days a week like at a studio. But of course, I'm always doing some kind of practice in my home, but I was thinking about Orangetheory and just how much my mindset has changed since I started going consistently if you are a longtime listener of the podcast. You know that about oh my God, I almost four years ago. I lost my mind and I lost 30 pounds, but my mind definitely left with like pound number 30 and I was working out and gazillion times a day and trying to do something that I could maintain but I feel like I've been able to find a more balanced approach to Wellness from the things that I eat the conversations that I have the friends that I love like it's all sort of worked out and I was About what how much my mindset has really changed since I started going to Orange Theory and how that has really spilled over to other areas of my life. It just hasn't happened just you know specifically with orange theory, but I see the fruit of that in the way that I think everywhere and I was trying to think like what is the biggest lesson so when I'm on when I'm in Orange Theory you spent about 30 minutes on the treadmill like straight. So 30 minutes is a long time to try. I too if you're me to try to pay attention, if I do a lot of thinking I like I do a lot of self-reflection introspection sometimes praying sometimes praying for other people sometimes praying for myself. Like it's a lot of things that go on in my mind on the treadmill, but when I think about the biggest lesson that I can extract from the treadmill, like what has the treadmill taught me, I think it's this idea of progress and so I was writing down my notes for the podcast. This is random. I was writing down my notes for the podcast and I was like, why does everything start with a P? I feel like those old Baptist preachers use alliteration all the time. So let's just just know that they're all peas. I'm not going into Baptist preaching as a profession. I mean, this is easier to remember we use alliteration in the classroom. So let's let's pretend like that's the reason why I kind of laughed at myself, but I'm not changing it like it is what it is. So I realized that progress for me has been Really what I've extracted and I've asked God to like help me find your truth in everything. And so I think I'm going to give you three lessons about progress that I found on the treadmill what the treadmill has taught me and honestly this the whole idea this comes from Psalms 9012. It says so teach us to number our days that we may get a heart of wisdom. And I think like that's really what I want. Like I don't want my days just to be in vain. There's something that I lived through. But like how can I gain wisdom from how I spend my day to day life. So we're here three lessons about progress from the treadmill teacher. Well if you had a teacher whose name is Trivial, okay. I had a teacher whose last name was armentrout. So treadmill isn't too far off. So the first one is about the proximity of progress. Oh, it sounds charging. Let's just if a churchy day. It's a churchy podcast the proximity of progress on the podcast so many peas anyway, so when I'm on the if you go to Orangetheory, this will make a lot more sense to you. If you don't go to Orangetheory just work with me. Let's paint a picture here. So in Orange Theory like the big thing about it is that you wear a heart rate monitor to monitor when your heart rate is in certain certain levels. So there's like a fat burning level and they go from Gray to blue to green to Orange to red. And so Orange Theory talks about how much time you are in the orange level of your heart rates and make sense. Then they send you got a red to make sure you're not dying. I mean read a lot I haven't died yet, but I always feel like I am so that's the point of Orange Theory and so usually there are and all this all of the different locations that I've been to there is a There is a TV screen like these huge TV screens up kind of suspended on the wall suspend them of the wall hung on the wall or suspend it from the ceiling big TVs. And so they have everybody's name up there and it's showing you what what zone you're in orange red green blue, whatever. So it's a way for you to kind of keep track. Uh, I guess some people use it to compare themselves to one. Another event is a whole. Nother thing. I can't So if you want to sort of know where your heart rate is, you look up on the screen to check your progress. Then it tells you how many calories you've burned how many how many minutes you've you've been in the orange which is like the goal. You want to get 12 minutes in the orange all this stuff. Nobody cares about my she go to Orange Theory, but I promise it makes sense. So when you're on the treadmill up in the air usually to like to my right or to my left, there's these huge screens then you have to stop. I think for me, it's just the ADHD in me. Then I have to find my name on the screen my name starts with a c and then so it's like somewhere in the first or second row and then maybe there's another girl named Casey or a guy named Casey. So a lot of times it takes me a minute to check my progress on the screen and if you also know me gracefulness is not one of the attributes that God granted me. So I'm literally trying not to fall as I'm trying to look at the screen. Green to see what my progress is. So the truth is I don't check it that often when I'm on the treadmill for fear that I'm going to fly off of the treadmill and assault somebody with one of my body parts. So I don't even check it maybe like two or three times in the 30 minutes because I just can't it's still much but the way they tried to like help you with that is that actually on the screen on the treadmill? There is also a screen that lets you know, what zone you're in where your heart rate. Is how many calories you've burned and how many minutes you've been in the orange, right? So that's like directly in front of you. So usually I'm able to kind of check on there. But even if I stare at that too long, I start running sideways and may possibly slip and fall so I've realized the difference between me looking up at the TV and then me just looking at the screen that's attached to to the treadmill. So yesterday I was at Orangetheory and basically it's kind of like a Bluetooth I guess. So when you walk up to the treadmill it recognizes your your heart rate monitor. And since your name is attached to that you click on it and say yes, you're you and that's the way you can track your progress like looking on the treadmill, but for some reason the treadmill was not fooling with me and it was like girl, who are you? Who is you I do not know that man. If I saw him walking down the street, I would not if you haven't seen that one of the funniest things like end up playing at Kiki. That's random to so the treadmill wouldn't recognize me but like we're starting so it's like Ron that I so I realized so I just started running in like, you know, taking the direction from the coaches. They're like when I should speed up my just slow down blah blah blah blah and in that 30 minute block, I really only got to check my progress maybe three times. Let me tell you that once I got done with my 30 minute block. I ran the fastest speed I've ever run the longest distance I've ever run and like my performance level was probably twice as when the screen was working in front of me and I say that to say that sometimes like I've realized that I'm monitoring my progress so closely that it's slowing me down. Like I'm checking on it every single second. I'm trying to say what are we doing? I'm evaluating so much that I'm not really doing the work to be evaluated. It's like that has been one of the lessons from Orange Theory that I have to be mindful of the proximity of progress. Like how closely am I evaluating myself? How closely in my evaluating my life? Am I doing it so often or so much that I'm coming concern that I'm becoming consumed by it and then I can't actually do the work that I'm supposed to do. So for me, I realized that I don't need a screen right in front of me. I just need something that I can check every now and again and I realized that in my own life. When I start like trying to evaluate myself every day, how am I doing? Am I? Okay. Did you do this? Did you do that? Did you do that you did you did it didn't really little I literally slow down. And yes, I want to be mindful. I want to be you know, self-reflective and evaluate the life that I live in conjunction with the word of God in conjunction with the purposes that he's placed on my life. But when I become so absorbed with like tracking my progress that I'm actually not making progress. There's a problem. That's the first lesson like the proximity of progress is something I've learned. I have not yet fallen off of the treadmill. I did see somebody else. The treadmill I did not laugh as it was happening. But once she got up and said she was okay. I did giggle. It's funny and it and I may get I may get mine soon. So it may be me flying soon. But proximity of progress is the first lesson the second thing that I think that I've learned in Orange Theory particularly on the treadmill is the potential of progress. So if you know anything about Orangetheory, it's a different workout. Every single time you go and nobody knows what it is. There's like this secret thing on I think read it. So people who go at 5 in the morning. We'll remember the class and then type it up girl. I don't first of all I don't I couldn't so I but I don't even check that off and I realized it like the time that I have tried to check it I get so psyched out that sometimes I cancel or her like my nerves are so bad mother. Get there, but it's a different. There's a different. Sort of set every single time. And so I realized that sometimes I would take these I will make these like sort of ancillary go like they're random goals. Like I want to burn 500 calories. I need to burn 300 calories while I'm on the treadmill and so for probably the first month I had that idea like I need to run 300 calories on the treadmill. Well the truth is that depending on what the actual set was like what the actual class entailed it determined my Mitchell to be able to make that level of progress if we're doing all heels. I may not burn that's the same amount of calories that I would if we're doing all Sprints. And so I think it's important sometimes to realize that certain circumstances allow you a certain amount of progress and what happens if you try to make this blanket, you know, this blanket idea of the amount of progress that we want to make more than likely at some point in time. We're going to become disappointed. Because maybe the situation that you're in the test that you're in the place that you are in life literally has an amount of progress the amount of profit like the potential amount of progress assigned to it. Now I know oh if I'm doing heels or for doing Long Heels, I'm not going to burn as many calories as when I'm doing, you know, 1030 seconds Sprints. I'm going to burn calories really quickly. And so the thing is that each one of those scenarios each one of those environments each one of those each one of those days has a potential for a certain amount of progress and if I start comparing the dynamic of Monday to the dynamic of to Today or the environment or the class that I was doing on Monday to the class that I was doing on Tuesday. I'll find myself beating up on myself saying all you could have earned. How come you didn't get 300 calories while you were on the treadmill this time and there's so many factors and I think the same thing is true in my life like sometimes I am trying to say that I want to get these 10 things done. But on this day, I've been flying for the last four days. My body is physically tired. My body needs rest. And so it may not be the most productive day. And I don't know maybe this is a podcast for creatives. Maybe it's a podcast for entrepreneurs. Maybe it's just a podcast for people who are hard on themselves and who sometimes have a hard time seeing the forest for the trees like people who sometimes are so absorbed in by people who I mean us we all of us I can get so absorbed in these these goals that I have in my life, and I don't think Anything wrong with goals, but I think like making them so static that we don't account for the fact that we are human. We don't account for the fact that life in general has Ebbs and flows. It allows us or it can cause us to live in a place of Perpetual disappointment. And so I've learned on the treadmill the teaching of treadmill But I have to gauge what is the potential of progress in this situation? And sometimes I don't know you don't feel like sometimes I'm like girl. It's not to be a 200 calorie day. That's how I'm talking like that because that's like how they measured it Orange Theory but sometimes I'm like, oh it's about to be a day where I can just get a couple of emails out and get one podcast done and then I end up having more time more energy more inspiration where creativity to do more. And so I think this idea of being honest with myself about what Potential potential for progress is allows me to be able to live in a place that I am hopeful. And to ward off Living In Perpetual disappointment because I know people who live that way. I know people that are so hard on themselves and they're always disappointed and I've been that person like I know that person because I've been that person and so for me you like the second lesson that has been so life-changing is evaluating each situation for what is the potential of progress. And then the last one is the part that probably is the hardest thing for me to for me to deal with. Like I said, I try to set a goal and usually it's about five like I want to burn 500 calories in each class. Now mind you I have no idea what the class is about. I I don't know what's going to happen until I get there. And so sometimes I realized that I have to decide what is the perp like why am I here? What is the purpose of progress? Is it to be able to say I burn 500 calories? First of all, who am I going to tell that cares? No my mama and she probably don't care if she just gonna be like girl good for you what you're not parents just gotta sort of I just gotta sort of wing it like right now I don't you talking about I'm glad you lost 500 calories. I hope you don't find them in New Orleans. That's where you all the calories live in New Orleans, by the way. If I'm not careful like it becomes just about progress for Progress sake. Progression for progression steak is a little more egg is a little more accurate. Right? Like there's no purpose in it. It's just progression. I'm just somewhere different. And like the biggest things on the treadmill you make a progression, but you really don't be know. We're different after I'm there for 30 minutes. You know why I am still right there. So it can't be progression for progression sake because that's ridiculous. I think that the purpose of progress is to cultivate discipline. The fact that every single time I go something happens just reminds me that I have to show up every single time and it allows me to say you know, what? I don't feel like it today and I'm still going and today I feel amazing and I'm still going and the same thing is true in my life. Like I'm not inspired every day, but I've had to learn to be disciplined every day. And what discipline does is it causes you to do the work even when the inspiration has left. Because this is just me. I think it's crowd where it's like I wake up everyday inspired. I imagine like what's that? Is that the girl that wakes up and the mice talk to her? Sleeping Beauty I don't know people in any deeper in anybody in Disney they wake up in the freaking birds are like, oh welcome. Good morning. I don't feel that way every day as much as my life has so much freedom and autonomy. I don't wake up every day like Omega. This is the best day ever. I'm so excited to work all day. I don't feel that way. But what I found is that the purpose of progress like the purpose of me just seeing little bitty steps sometimes and sometimes Huge leaks in a day, whatever is that it cultivates discipline. On the times that I don't feel like it I still do the work. And like that's what I encourage people and I struggle with it every day. Anybody that works with me know sometimes I have like spurts of where I'm on top of things and sometimes I really have to rein myself in and be like yo, you have an amazing life. You have an amazing purpose. Yes. It doesn't feel butterflies and it's like a relationship anybody that tells you that like every morning when I look at my husband. I just he told me his mouth open. I just am so happy that I'm in love my Best Bets not necessarily it every time and I have this conversation with somebody and maybe We'll talk about it another podcast. We were talking about relationships and it was basically does the love sustained the commitment or does the commitment to staying the love? Right and I think for me I have learned that the ultimate love draws me to commitment. And in this case the purpose of my life calls me to be committed. And then the commitment covers me when I don't always feel the love. So like that's the purpose of progress. That's the purpose of progression. That's the purpose of making those small strides big strides or whatever and like I would never think like I've been to college got degrees been a yoga school been doing Ministry for a long time. Like it's amazing that I've sat in all of these different classrooms. But when I pray that prayer God allowed me to gain wisdom in every single day that a treadmill can be As much of a classroom as a college campus, so that's it man. But the three lessons that the treadmill has taught me is that about the proximity of progress the potential to progress and the purpose of progress the purpose of progress girl stuttering Stanley. God bless you all for listening. I fed her over my words on a lot. But I hope it's something from this something maybe It's just praying every single day God help me to see and gain the wisdom. Every single day so I'll read that verse for you again songs 9012 says so teach us to number our days that we may get a heart of wisdom. And that's my prayer. Like that's the reason we do this. That's the reason why I sit today and my dining room alone and talk to myself in a microphone. And an outfit that I could never wear in public, but you can't see it. So I'll just tell you I'm wearing a prom dress like that's the reason I I do this to like help us understand that God is waiting and eager to reveal himself to us. It is not his desire to be this mystery. It's his desire that we know him and know when he cares about and I believe that he cares about us gaining wisdom. So thank you so much for listening for giving me your time for give me your attention. I say this every week and I'm going to say it again you have a choice and you should be prayerful about what voice is you allowed to speak into your life and the fact that you allow myself Casey musings of a wildflower to be one of those voices. It's not lost on me. So listen, watch this watch this listen to this a couple of times if you need to I feel like I'm going to listen back to this a couple of times because I I need to and I think it's all the time like we are in a world where so much messaging. So I I think it's important that we continue to support Godly messaging. So share this leave us a review whatever you want to do. If you were listening at the very beginning of the podcast, you know that we get your voicemails and we listen to them you guys are so stinking cute. So if you're listening on the anchor platform, please please please leave us a voicemail. We try to feature them at the beginning of every episode. I'll keep sending them so we can keep sharing them. Um, I'm Casey and you are listening to musings of a wildflower and it is my prayer for you that every single day allow you to gain wisdom. I'll see you next week where we will be talking about. Oh, so this this this girl this episode was the treadmill teacher and next week or two weeks episode will be about lessons on locks. So if you know I am I am in the process of locking my hair and o-m-g have I learned so much and I'll share it with you. See you next time.