What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail.Schedule things like that. And so there are days that you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory endurance. And all those other tensioner for 10 General physical skills, and if we avoid a certain type of workout, that's it clear hole in our fitness and it's not that we're trying to become world class world class athletes here at Easton. I just want us to be confident be able to do things. Should we need to do them? I don't want everybody's dead lift to be over 300 pounds or be able to run a five-minute mile, but I like for everybody. Be able to run a mile without stopping or be able to deadlift maybe one and a half or two times their body weight. Or just deadlift more than their body weight. And those are very general. Milestones for Fitness I guess you could say and so in order to and to be able to do those things you have to show up on the days that you may not enjoy because sometimes in actually for the most part you will get the greatest adaptation. So the greatest Improvement in your Fitness, if you do the things that you least like to do as far as work outs, you know, if I'm ever going to get any better at very short high-power workouts that have Burpees and or Burpee box jumps or whatever and then I can't skip the days that mimic those that have burpees that are very short high turnover high-power workouts. I don't have to go to them and likewise in the same respect if I want to get better at the long-distance workouts things that are over 20 minutes high-volume workouts a lot of muscle stamina. I got to make sure I do one of those workouts every once in a while. I can't just do it on the day. Day that it happens to be the day everyone else across the world's going to do it. Like for instance Murph or randomly run a 5k if I don't practice those time domains those type of workouts, then I can't expect to be any decent at them. So I just want you to show up when you can give it your best and we'll go from there. The second thing I want to talk about is Sugar wide we had some terrific activity and engagement on sugar wad on Monday for the chief. There were 53 people who commented their workout over 900 fist-bumps given and like 70 comments left on people's people's notes and I just thought that was awesome when we can be more engaging with each other. I think it builds a stronger Community. I know we kind of have our crews. We got the morning crew the midday and the afternoon crew and Crews are all strong. They're all funny all those classes kind of have their own vibe to them. and when those communities are when those Crews rather come together, I think it makes our community even stronger and it's super evident on Saturday mornings at 9:30 because that's really the only class for all three of those Crews have people that come to the 9:30 and the energy the vibe that 9:30 class on Saturday is epic and if you haven't been coming to that I encourage you to do so or averaging over 20 people probably right at 20 people actually the last And so it's been awesome. So I want to encourage you guys to keep logging those scores on sugar would keep engaging with each other. The sugar water is not just to create a leaderboard for each tend to see who's the fittest and who's the least fit? For one it's an it's an a to bring the community of the gym together because sometimes we don't see each other for a long for a week at a time or whatever if you always go to the morning rarely ever Lucy anybody from the evening, it's also a tool to help you guys just track your results easier and be able to reference former workouts easier like we did with the chief and thoroughly I get to look at those results and then evaluate the program and see where our deficiencies as a gem. What things do we need to work on with the Should we do more of what things should we do less of and then I can base the upcoming program off of those results. So keep keep up that engagement that in like that activity on Circle out. It's really awesome guys, and then finally had a question since we're kind of doing more traditional Crossfit workouts. Will there be a higher standard or will behold as well as coaches hold people to a higher standard with their movement, you know, will we give a war somebody RX if they did have the Reps? Or shorter their reps and that's kind of a yes and a no it's a no in that. We are not judges. Okay, we're not there to just walk around and no rep people because they're doing the movement wrong or not to the full range of motion judging people during workout is specifically for competition and it should stay out of the gym the everyday Jim atmosphere. I think it just it makes the overall it really kills the vibe if the class has an energetic Vibe and you start going around and no repping people. You're going to ruin their day. We want your we want that our that you're in there to be the best out of your day. And if I come around and I know rep you 10 times because you couldn't get below parallel. Probably not going to enjoy the workout regardless of it was something that you liked or not. But it's a yes in the fact that we're going to see your movement. And if we see that there can be improvements in it. We're going to try and give you those cues so that you can make those improvements so you can correct the movement. Okay, we want to try and make everybody a better mover and somebody's not able to get below parallel because their stance is too wide or their knees are caving in or they're not locking out the deadlift because they're not opening up their hip all the way. Those are the things we're going to tell them we're not going to just no rep them. We're going to try and get you as close to the full range of motion the best movement pattern that we can get you in in the safest and most efficient way possible. That's our job as coaches. So that's what we're going to try and do As you can tell we're not writing RX next anybody's name on the board. Some workouts have RX weights. Every workout has a specific stimulus a specific goal in mind that we want to attain and as long as you attain that goal you get the goal amount of rounds or reps or that gold time feeling whatever the case is. Then you are X to work out. I don't care if if it's the workout is Diane in the prescribed weight is 225 on the barbell and the prescribed movement is handstand push-ups. If you do a hundred thirty-five pounds on the barbell and dumbbell push press and you get the workout done and 5 to 9 minutes then U RX the workouts. But I wouldn't want you to do is 225 pound deadlift handstand push-ups and take 15 minutes to do the workout. Sure. You did the RX movements. You did not get the point of the workout. And so that is not or exiting. The prescribed way subscribe movements are a guideline great things to Aspire to achieve but they're supposed to let Alyssa a certain feeling and if we do those prescribed movements and weights and we can't achieve that specific feeling that we shouldn't do those prescribed movements. We need to modify back. So anyways, that's all we're going to talk about today. If you guys have any more questions or comments, please give them to me they actually make for A pretty decent podcast I hope so I've got hope you guys continue to have a good week and I'll see you in class.