Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad. Homes in general kind of like how one goes about analyzing reading kind of going through about someone working out. What kind of lists are out there what you might want to take because there's a lot of a lot of chat online when rattle chains come out and it tends to arrive when about term gets announced or in fact before that when there's rumors about time. So I guess take Sarah van as an example because it's kind of you know, that's that's happening at the moment. So several players want to battle home. So they talk about what they what they might want into it. And they build up this expectation of we want a whole raft of new models everything. That's fine cast becomes plastic. There's all the existing plastic kits gets new fancy versions and then the game's release a at ease of the battle hymns coming and it gets even more excited and people talk about what they're going to have and we'll all the things they could exist and never gets really really excited. And then there's the Sunday, you know next week. This is going to come preview thing and people read into that and over read into that and then the following week people do little snippets on the Obama community site and then people go. Wow. This is rubbish because this like half revealed rule is terrible because it doesn't quite work and it and most importantly it doesn't quite match my expectations all the expectations that I've made up in my head. So by the time the battle dome actually arrives in in your grubby mitts lot of people have already made up their mind because they've listened to kind of people whinging on WhatsApp chat or they've kind of written the battle time off which is a shame and I'm not saying and you know, I'm not being as patronizing to say that everyone does this but I'm sometimes guilty of it myself. I kind of listened to the kind of Internet grumbling about it and go. Oh don't don't do it. I'll me because it's rubbish but then you kind of got to take a step back and be like, why is it rubbish have I decided this rubbish for myself? Why would I say that and that's kind of what this episode is really all about. Yeah. It's interesting, isn't it? When I got into the game like hype over a battle tone wasn't a thing because there was such a gap between Army books. Like I played Dark Elves and add know full. Well, I did just been no release that years and years and years before the next Or even if I played a few different armies or factions or whatever the it was still the same. It's like there's not going to be an agency my book every three months. It's more like one year. We had three or four books in a year and the game went Bonkers because it was just it was a different thing entirely, but then so now this new release schedules so fast and furious and people getting pumped for every release. So excited the changing our me so much and then I don't know it's interesting, isn't it how it's just you know the reaction to the highlight. And then people's opinions when the get hold of the book and yeah, it's a good topic. I think there's a lot of love extremes lots of highs and there's also the kind of inevitable lows aren't there. They're kind of it's very peaky. It's like, you know rather than you've been quite a steady wave. It's very like up and down. So like I've got about Tim's coming. Oh my God, it's terrible. Don't worry. It's not going to so I guess maybe the Frantic and frenetic release schedule kind of builds that kind of atmosphere. So but I certainly wouldn't want it to go back to the old way either. No, Certainly now, it's like it just out with his boat me. So and I guess it's important to kind of caveat this conversation with as well. All of this is going to be a way to do it. It's not going to be the way to do it. This isn't going to be the kind of Bend Curry TM, you know, you must do this this is going to be this is kind of how you do it because you've been you've been what hammering for a few a few months or so, isn't it? You kind of got into hobby earlier this year, right? Yeah. Yeah, just just a little bit. It's a weird. Topic to talk about because I'm going to tell you how I approach writing a new list get a new battle Tome and going over like that. And I know full well, I'm probably a minority in this because I've got my own weird little habits, but I imagine everyone does as well. So be interesting to see how mine cross over to the people's yeah. Absolutely. We could we could have this exact same conversation with the same list of kind of questions and topics with another player and come up with completely different advice and complete different answers and that's the kind of beauty of it. Is that everyone approaches it from us? If perspective and I guess it's quite like a toolbox approach. So you might spill off for you know, the 45 minutes. It will be chatting about how you do it and so on might think that's all rubbish or absolute complete nonsense. I don't like that apart from this one thing. You said this one little gem of wisdom and if they come away from listening to this conversation and they've come away with one little gem of wisdom that helps them go forward to make better list or read battle tones and different way then that's good. You know, it doesn't have to be luckily for you Ben. It doesn't have to be 45 minutes of pure pure pure gold. So you're nice. Okay, I'll do my best. Let's do it. So why is this topic important? So we kind of covered that right the beginning of it's important that people are able to analyze battle tomes almost in isolation. So without looking at what the internet saying and it's also important to do it with all the information so not necessarily kind of trying to analyze the new release purely based on what's been on one Community or what they've seen from a YouTube video. You've got to you've got to kind of do it with with Games under your belt as well. But this we're going to be talking at this point of without having games under your belt. Okay. So what's the first thing you do when you open new Alton smell it obviously smell it after you've taken in a deep whiff of that new book smell, what would you do? I just kind of like browse it all I don't like dive to one particular section of some people go straight to the models others go straight to the point and back or the rules or the you know, I kind of just flick through it and taking a bit the art. Of the just the the design and feel of the whole book because that kind of reflects the faction quite often like, you know, if you grab the daughters of Cain Balto and have a quick flick through that you just get like I don't know battered by murder and blow it and you know, it kind of gets you in the feel of like this is what a whole factions about you don't even have to read too much of it. You just a quick browse through the ball and you get the feel of the army you look at some of the rules you look at some of the background because some of the models and you can see goes Rich ever done a baron. Bad job of this over the years tying all that together. It's all really tight from one section to another. So yeah, that's that's the first thing I do once I've kind of, you know blitzed through and add a quick flick attend to it's the I think it's the the temples or storm house or whatever. I think that's the thing. I like to dive into the allegiance abilities and those that's where some sort of start my reading. So let's call those subfractions for now so does sub Actions, does that inform your unit choice or does your you have an idea of unit Joy seeing informing subtraction? So you look at a subtraction say this sub faction a is really good for infantry bit, you know X or do you go I really really want to run infantry X which sub faction allows me to run that, you know, did you see what I mean? Is it a sub fracture process first or a war scroll process first? Hmm. I'd say it's probably a bit of both and it needs to be certainly like fun. My point of view I always tend to have an idea of how I want the Army to play on the table kind of how it wants to move around the board how it wants to fight his fights or what how it's going to win a game and how we're going to get to that. So you kind of look at what sort of units you need on the board to do that and the subtraction kind of helps that lung in some instances haguenau, for example, the sub faction, you know, you look at that and you think well, that's the one I want to go for. So what units will fit It into improving that so does Kane again has a good example. If you want to play a really aggressive list you can go for you can go for your Caleb and teleport over there or you can go one of the ones that give you bonuses to fighting the charging. But if you think I just want to build an army that can like grind out of Victory then Hank knows what you know fall and then you kind of fit the units in around that so it works both ways and I think most players and most books the flexible. To do that, which is a good thing. I also I like the fact that it's slowly moving towards being more more defined and the some factions are things and they work in a set way and they performing particular way on the table and the background for that sub faction explains how they fight and why they fire that way and then you can kind of build the units into that and it's not just a case of like choosing a woman's choosing your tokens and arranging them in a set order. It's more like these It's all designed around that in advance. And that's good. I think that's a really really good thing for the game. And the more it moves that way the better. He's interesting that some factions don't have some fractions despite being released after the kind of introduction of these sub fashion. So for example deep concern quite an old book that moment and that's that's got a enclaves. Doesn't it? Whereas doing spot gets don't have some fractions. Yeah, the goose God gets it so it's a way but wasn't it because they've got you know, they've got that many. Some factions armies that will there's a lot of keyword. Yeah factions in their honor. There's the trade-offs. There's the spider Fang. There's the the moon Clan as was but there's no there's no kind of Moon Clan any even like a whereas you've got a similar book so skaven as an example. You've got the that's a book that's quite similar in that. It combines a lot of skull Scrolls from a variety different ranges and kind of model some factions and they have a sub faction rule that allows you to take a Gavin Army, but have they respond to each other's rules without writing each other off. Do you think it's you know, when you get a new book like Dee came for example, and it's just it's own thing comparing that to like trying to pull in all the all the goose fat gets together. You kind of run a things are going to book I guess. Yeah, I guess there's a limit of only so many things you can happen only so many pages, but I admit maybe there's not because still cost books huge and other books that are unless I think it will be interesting to see you know going forward and you know, I'm not asking you to comment on this because I know you are you are privy to a little bit more information than most most of us, but it will be interesting to see when they redo battle terms like clues about Gates or other battles homes that don't have the sub faction details as deep as they do whether they exist or whether they just kind of carry on it as they are and just say that's not what we want from this Army and this I guess that comes down from what Games Workshop one from the Army, doesn't it? Yeah, I think They've already started using things like white dwarf and latter the ever chosen, for example, there's a place to put those in so I wouldn't discount anything to be honest are certainly that rather they have chosen book is I thought was really good. But for the game going forward thinking you can get a book like that which has a bit of something for everyone or a bit of something for a lot of people and it can really change some lists like in that book. Some of the new girl is subsequent out there. Fantastic just from adding another subject. Actually, yeah, and you could do something very similar for glimspy bones Bitters and Angeles. I know they've all been rolled into Oracle pounds now, but you could have say like the kind of the Rolling destruction Mass. Whatever you whatever you want to call that and just have ogres Orcs goblins grass whatever, you know, and that could be a thing and you just be like, yeah a little combined Army like they've got combine Demons of corn it will be very cool. Right? So let's talk about war scroll battalions because there's a lot of those in books these days and as you say white dwarf is introducing new ones as well. Well, how much do water all battalions kind of come into play into your army analysis. It's everyone's choice on this. I mean me personally, I've never been a fan of battalions and every display them at all. And I think part of that was because I played so many games with Legions of as girl who just the Battalion is just weren't very good. They didn't really isn't really do what they said. They would like one of them was a war host which wasn't really very War hosty. You're almost an artillery training that didn't really pay off the artillery it just Didn't do much of the time. So when I moved on to the doors Kane, I just I will just wasn't a fan of the battalion's and I know some people playing in doing to great effect sort of true been server was smashing all with that and then I just thought I'd play cotton guard. I like the sound of the Battalion with it plus one charge plus one to run if it changes the placed out of the army a little in that the doors of Cain list was very much Build Your Castle let someone charge around here. And counter-attack whereas The Cauldron guard. It's switched the whole field the same list because it gives you the ability to charge too much Sun Lines upon the 12 inch line. You can run forward which you're probably going to do. Anyway, if you roll a six on the run or if you want to turn to a sect you got the option to charge and you get n plus one again. So it just gave you that extra extra bit of something and I think that's what great about war scrub Italians and the way they fit into a battle Chinese you can think that you've got your Army in a sub faction which plays in a certain One and then you have Italian can just put a little tweak on it again and it can really just change the whole list. Obviously they are some battalions out there that have to that too far. But you know, I think there's a balance. I think it's really good when you get the book and you reading through about so many thinking how do I want us to play the could be a battalion that really fits into that place style and on paper it might be over pointed. You might look at it and think 200 points for that or a hundred. Points for that you don't get anything if it if it swings the whole list suit up style of play that you want even more than it's probably worth it like points don't matter to some extent it costs what it costs if you can fit in the Army and it does what it's supposed to do, then it is it could be integral to the list and it's another thing that can really drive like pulling apart the whole battle Tome and deciding what makes it good and all the rest of it. You mentioned battle times is rather you mentioned water goblet and some of them have kind of Take that a little bit too far. Can you think of an example? I don't know to be honest. There's nothing that jumps out of the top of my head in the past. This is probably been some I think the most enduring points changed out over the last recent General sign books don't lie. So there's nothing now that screams have like all these potatoes broken and alone. What do you think is anything you catch a life or some of these runs are looking pretty tasty. It's an interesting one other fact that's brings me to cry. Quite interesting point we were discussing it on recent podcast where he was at with it was with Paul Marshall say who's organizing The Pompey pitch with the episode is going to arrive in people's ears slightly before this one. So they'll have heard it by now. We were talking about costs points costs for sub faction rules. So yeah, it's interesting people people pay for water or battalions, but people don't pay for sub faction rules and subtraction rules, you know arguably a All the stronger thing. They are the other thing that kind of affects your whole Army rather than just the units within that was probably Helen. Yeah. It's interesting wasn't it? It's the same as affection today. It's like should you pay points for that? You know, you can take it even further is some Allegiance abilities that someone would get access to it was don't trip over them. So yeah, it's I don't know. It's a tough one. It would make balancing a little easier, you know, if for example Ragnar cost more points than the Christ and it's then, you know, do you take this and pay premium or do you take this one and it's free or it's cheaper. So I don't know it's tough once interesting interesting mechanic that I don't think it'd be a bad thing to put points on them. But also I guess from a just like a commercial point of view. I'm Point some things that aren't on the tables bit weird, you know, if like most things have got all the things that I've got points of got models. Over the battalions which all models, you know what I mean? Yeah. No exactly. Yeah, it's not wrong, but it's definitely something that I think you know, it could have an extra layer. It wouldn't take much it just be an extra lining Jones humble. Wouldn't it? Yeah. Well, we'll see this summer see what happens this summer. Yeah. So I mean back to the rotarians it's things like like I said the change orders and stuff like that if the are out of whack they've been sort of pulled back in. Quite a bit recently, but FAQ is coming thick and fast. So the battalion's an easy thing to fix something because of you know, generals Hamburg and FAQ updates fairly quickly. So it tends to the really stand out as a you know, when there's a problem one, but it stands out as an it. Yeah. And as you say they tend to get addressed fairly fairly swiftly. Yeah. So in terms of comparing units kind of back to this kind of analyzing the units both internal and external. So, how do you what's your process for? Units to each other. So this this is my this is my special little process. So someone said on a podcast recently and I think it was just play but it might not be there might be another one and they were talking about the Brotherhood event recently and they were like the tongue that low is a shootie list, you know, the silver nap all the good alliances. Yeah, and they're like, it does like x amount of wounds a trend one on the first turn that you know it and they were like dead specific about it. Exactly the amount of damage. It doesn't things like that. Like that's not something I would ever say or even think I'd be like it shoots to from 3/4 away. You know, it's just some people are like straight down the line with the stats and the country other people are just like how does this feel on the table? How do you think it would play what what effect does it have on light your opponent's mindset when this is on the board and it is two different entirely different schools of thought and I'm very much like that when I'm picking units. I don't really crunch the numbers of The should do this many hits this many wounds. It should take this many hits to die and things like that. That's not something I ever look at. I'm more of like this this feels like it should do this thing and it feels like it could put some pressure here and make my poem. Yeah sweat. So what else is mother doesn't come into it at all. I don't think so obviously does because when you on the table and you play in the maths, you know, the master doesn't lie, but I'm very much a learn-by-doing. I don't I don't don't look at it like that what the odds of this killing that it's more like, you know, once I've played this after sometimes and it does the job or not doing it from experience. So when you compare two units like the crossbone was you example you go to be crossbows. Let's move this is handgun as I guess you look at that and be like you so you look at it from a rules perspective and what little rules and scroll. So for example, the hangers can stand and shoot. Yeah. Definitely. So I've been I've been more analyzing it from our point of view of like these dudes can stand a shoe. What effect does that have on the game the the gun and the both going to be powerful shooting you can pull from both, you know, the Beaufort going to pull out a lot of damage. I won't be worrying too much about like whether what this one does, you know point for win more and average or anything like that. It would be more like right these guys do this thing. These guys have got the other thing which one's better for me. Which one do I need to fit into the army would only to you neither could stand and shoot or would only unit that's got a longer range more like it's getting range. That's that's why I tend to do the Comparisons again been specially away. I know some people prefer to Crunch the numbers and it works people. So it's just another example of what goes into choosing your list and looking at about terms a whole. How do you like which you take this battle lines? You tell that battle line again rather than looking at the stats. I would look at that the battlefield. Well what actually does when it's on the table and how it's going to perform and have been ever. His way you've always all written offer unit because you think oh, it's not really what I want to run and then you've got a Revisited the book having played a lot of games and thought actually that's a potential kind of diamond in the rough that I've I hadn't seen before. Yeah. Definitely. I mean, there's some McAllister also good example of that Malaysian matter Arc is like when you look at his is stats and you know, it's got three damage acts so should be able to get in. And get stuck in and do some real damage or it's got so few. Does that roles that it's really swinging? So sometimes you just load sometimes it does a little so I just stuck with him because I know that other people look at the stars and the look at the three damage and they think oh my gosh three damage. Yes, at least five attacks on threes and threes that's you know, he's not getting many through I guess through yeah, what one gets to do three wounds. It's you know, it's like it's what happens if he goes in Those are two dice so miss. Those are the two wounds some mess. So mixer save you might not kill want to models and that was like that's what was happening all the time. But then when I played with him more and more and you just get used to him being on the board and what effect he has on the opponent will affect says on the game some people focusing down to kill him because he's got that correct and he's not a it's not keep peace to me because I know he took nothing but when you use them aggressively people are worried and Then when you do get him in if he's in for a few rounds, eventually you'll get through. It could potentially spoke some damage and that was something and some of the iron demon. It was another one which like on when you just read it what it does. It seems quite good and then when you play with it against the psychological effect of certain units on the table, no matter what they do in the game or what they don't do you can just you can use that. So it's more to it than just pure what these guys do and what the points are and what I sound crazy don't know know. That's why it's interesting Hannah trying to use and seeing how as you say because some people will be all about the numbers and all about the stats and some people more about kind of the rules on the on the scroll themselves. And some people are going to be like, right. I found her a washtub Italian that I want to play and I'm gonna do everything I can to to make that make that happen and a great example of that would be you know, I really like the sole start Brotherhood. So the castigate issues he drop list painted one and I've never played with it or is ready to go and it's It's almost like can can a soul strike Brotherhood redeem a subpar unit, or is it rolling the proverbial in glitter, you know because castigates his arm and there are not all that but so this is you can drop an example. Okay, go for it. Now. I went through the stats. I did the whole get the spreadsheet off to GA which one to put together look at the stats for the damage output of Sunkist shooting units and see what's best now having just said, you're not the masked man. You're now giving you an example of your spreadsheet. So yeah. Wait to show just just just goes to show that you know, you got to be flexible and sometimes use techniques that you might not actually go to right. Yeah, that's definitely right and I went down it and I'm like, well, this is mathematically the best unit, but then things can change like you put a wall scroll Battalion in where you can come down and shoot twice. And what does that do to your opponent? When they know that that's an option. Does that change the way they play does that then change the likelihood of you getting your shots into the right units, so it's more than just like what the damage output of that. Second shot would do but also the how does the table look by the fact that you've got that option in your list and just and then what is that is the result of how that looks how you want the game to go? So it's not just about you know, what? Can you get what can you squeeze from each unit from a point by Point basis? It's also about how does the the table feel after these things are assuming to players who equally knowledgeable. You know, what's going to happen in the game. How does that then play out? So you've got to take those things in Count as well overlords of a good luck that you know, if an overall player knows what he's doing and the opponent knows what they can do then it is it still worth you trying to go for the full, you know, drop down and shoot list because at that point, you know, you could get screened and you know, it comes down to that priority role or the even they do you get to drop first roll not roll, but you know, the number of drop escalation walk and does that is the even then take would have taken part in that. Are you better off changing the list having a different building Tyler? Yeah, I guess it's an interesting one. Is it do you build a list that requires you to get the the drop as it were? Yeah, I'll have the choice first turn and in which case how many drops do you need to go for is it one is you know, is it too? Well, actually when you get someone else that's got a one drop and suddenly it's a roll off and if your army is built around you getting the choice and you then happen to face someone with a one drop you're essentially going for a 50/50 whether you know, and are you happy? With those odds, that's the one that's the one at the end. It's like after all of that take into account. Are you the sort of player that can handle possibly losing the dice roll, you know once tournament once every other tournament and I don't like that so I don't play for that. Some people do like that. So they go for it. It's like when we will play for an aggressive double turn. Yeah. That's the one which we definitely won't talk about our game a place. I won't let you go. So Over there exactly so talking of mistakes and terrible decisions that we've made in the past perhaps what mistakes has passed been made when starting a new Army or re-release faction you see you looking at Burke and you're kind of maybe you've you've made some list writing mistakes or some unit analysis mistakes and maybe common ones that you see new players making as well. So I'm looking. I'm looking at my overall me on the windowsill in front of me at the moment. So I Dive Right In And I thought you know what I right. I'll paint it and I'll learn have a look at play in there. So over Christmas and a bit of downtown Denver defense models really enjoyed painting it. I don't do a lot painted. So I've really enjoyed getting stuck in but then when I've actually watch some games and just I'm not inspired by it at all. It doesn't suit my style of play one bit. So my Limited hobby time, I've spent painting an army that are probably in hindsight knew I'd never play with but I got carried away by the whole. Yeah. XI ER me I'll get it painted it we did good and you know, when shoot people with cannons and like belches and smash them with some gluttons. So yeah, I think I think diving straight in to the first issue right now is probably not a good idea. However setting that also I do think there's a lot of like people love a change list rather than change the play. I see a hell of a lot of that at the moment, especially this whole like other than FAQ in two weeks that sort of thing. It's like rather than making it. Plan, the new plan is hope it gets FAQ that seems to be the plan which you know, it's sad really and again, I know that not everyone agrees with this. I'd love nothing more than to see old flesh eaters. They're sold skaven, they sold / purse, you know odds seemed before the fa q's and I think that's I like that song game. I think it's, you know, arms race that everyone has to you know, change the list competing but I guess A lot of people don't like it. And I know my opinion is very very low end of that one. I remember playing old 7th edition. Everyone said it was the worst time in the game and I just quite like it dark elfs was demons was vampire counts all the real nasty lists all equally nasty fight against each other, but it's yeah, it's a quite taste I guess. Yeah, definitely and what about in terms of kind of when you been reading books themselves? Is there anything that you kind of don't used to do that? You don't do anymore because of something you've learned. I'm not sure really what would you mean by that? So I guess a great example that I would use is probably about this casket Soul. Strike Brotherhood is I got very excited about the idea of the drop list and then having played it. It's so I can kind of compare the what the list I built to it's like a rubbish version of the tarragon Army. Ya got ya there. Like a lesser, you know, I know a great example another good example would be my my Demi grips. So I picked the I had these Deathcore career death Riders. So the Rough Riders for the creek from for drug, and I thought I really want to use these in some form of kind of Realm of metal style agency Kwame. I reckon I can make them work for H Sigma and I converted one and I thought that looks really cool. What city of Sigmar Cavalry unit. Can I use these horses for and I went through the book and I found that a sort of formation. I thought great Hama whole Demi grave. I'm going to do it. It's only nine or twelve or fifteen Demi Griffiths only. I've got the models for it perfect and you know even talked about it on the reason after with Jack Armstrong and he took the list to Belgium and I thought was great and I was just building these things and I just like I don't really want had I not have these models. These are these for troubles I wanted to use I wouldn't have I wouldn't have built this Army. So it's literally just because I've got them and I thought what can I use these for? I'm not going to use them for TK. Okay, so I want to use them in iOS and so it's kind of I've approached Army building from a country that are wrong perspective in this case because I thought I need to build an army that has some form of horse-based Cavalry or something. I can proxy horses for so what does you know, I was looking at Wild Riders sisters of Thor know there's those that work because they're their magic rather than combat. So wild Riders Demi Griff's cold one nights in a Drexel nights, whatever called these days and I was approaching From that perspective of what units match this pre-existing model thing rather than what kind of army. Do I want to play and I've actually I've shelled the army. So having I was really excited to do it and and it's just in the kind of past couple of days. I thought you know, I'm not excited about this Army. Imix. I'm excited about converting some models, but I've already converted and built one. I'm happy with that. I've kind of it looks cool. I've done a couple of like storm caste weapon swaps and the spear and things like that and put a storm cashier on him and I thought yeah that looks cool. It looks like city of signal bloke, but I I don't want to do an army of 18 of them or 15 of them. I just kind of I've lost interest in it because it because I wasn't approaching it from a how does this Army work and do I will enjoy playing the Army? I think you just talking about the Eternal game of struggle there then just I think everyone has a dose of that. I certainly do I'm turning it looked was on my head and look in the cabinet now all the armies of shame that I've got. Well, I've done a stupid idea. Like I've got the chassis of four colleges of blood where I've been buying the starter sets stock. Concepts to get the bits that are needed to do witches and things that I want to build my Army. I thought I haven't upload your cognitive loads and then started building them in like that all half-built now and never been never be put together. So yeah, I've made plenty of mistakes like that too long way easily done. Yeah, absolutely. So talking mistakes again, if you could kind of and then now we're going to reflect back on on your last game. So if you could change one thing about the last game you played what would it be? So I think the last game I played was for the hood played the last round against team fiction think it was no it wasn't it was a Donal screw. That was Angel wasn't it? Is that right? Yeah, I think so. I'll let God take get away. So I played against fire Slayers we've got track and is quite interesting really so the kind of the way to beat fire Sayers is widely known as don't fight the Berserkers. I think I played them for five times now and my whole armies Fighting the mazurkas on turn one or two and I've won all the games so I don't know. Maybe I've got a weird idea of how to fight that that that one but we did it again. I got a new charge when Matthew went in which has followed sisters sorts got in the bar all the Berserkers down into three months of combat and then got Trek was there and I ran away from him. It was like it's the chance to bring him down and you know could have took it but alas it was not to eat. So what would you do differently next time? All right after I think I did well I did. It did to all right, I got I got nothin to him and he ran away. So maybe I had I'd get the witches into earlier. I think the good question there together as the last time you laughs. What would you change and because it's yeah usually your losses where there's a learning point to be had when you run over a fire slave Army and you know managed to be a more pretty quick and is there's not many things should change. So the last loss was mr. Mowing who seems to have a nemesis at the moment. Is that corner? It's just saw the pile and six inches that it's such an important. If you if you're struggling with positioning in age of Sigma if it's one of your weaknesses, and you know, it is getting a regular Pony with a six-inch piling is a special that corn list. It's a really tough game to play against because they can charge and then pile and six but if the unit that they they charge against dies because of you chose a different combat party all you shot. It is still get to pile and six And then if you've got a two or three inch reach as well, they can you know, they can go a long way. It's nine inches on the 3 inch wedge. So the positioning and movement and getting things in the right spot in the right time not having one model that could give them a potential slingshot. It's really tough and it's something you really need to keep bought your eye on the ball. And last time I played Martini. He just got the better of me with that by a long stretch and it was like he used me rathi as a big slingshot. So He piled in such a way stayed at six and went Around the outside of own hit some of unit and it was just a I don't play as much water as I used to so, you know, that's something you really position is very important. So that was a big learning curve. Well a big learning point for me, I think so, you've talked a little bit there about positioning and referred referring back to kind of some of your earlier points about going to getting a Vibe for how the Army plays rather than specifically going for the most points of vision unit. So what is Your play style and how does that all inform your overall decision and limit list-making. So generally I like to I like to be in the driving seat. I like to chase people around the table. This is why I went to play the legion I struggled so much I think because that's it Army. That's inherently like you need. You've not got the movement building to the list. There's some stats things and the way I played that for me was when I played a lot with it and I got quite good at this. I would add some good finishes are finished quite high up in the South Christian. She one year about a heat and the Games Workshop warlord GT. I think it's called the first event. That's fine. Yeah, all good finishes with the legion as playing a lot with them then and it was a list where even then I'd be very aggressive with it. I'd ever war machines in the middle table and turned to and I like to get across the board. I like to put pressure on the opponent people in the pressure make mistakes and I like to be in the position where I can capitalize on them and that's why we've does of Cana played code when a lot of Switch to hug now in the last year. I never played them before the first generals handbook change where all the points went up and and the list like I think the list Jack Armstrong South Coast with you lost to reduce her out of it and you know punch got squeezed quite a bit on there. So I never played them in the first wave with hag know, I always played Caleb one and it's because I like that the family can teleport on the table and you can change people around and I'd say that's my play style. So when I build a list I always look at it. Is there a way to get across the board of someone and the big thing even I'll come back to Old Warhammer was what happens if someone sticks half in one corner and half in the other corner on the table edges and a happy with 10 10 because I'd never be happy with that. I want to go over there and kill it all and I'm really annoyed that half its on one side half its on the other so you need to be able to go and take the game someone if someone really wants to avoid combat each go to can capture him. If someone's just sit back and shoot you you can take that if you can you need If someone wants to see, you know deploy off the table and come on later, you need to go to try and manage that as well. You can't I don't like it. If someone's got the Army where I I'm the one that has to hide in the corner good examples are played James Tinsdale team vent with his heels list and I to build a giant castle and corner he put his boats in front of the deployment zone so I couldn't move around him. And so I ended up in the corner, but I didn't such a way where I knew if I got first turn up in the middle of the board. And then turn after that I'd be in his blunt. So I've still got I still shift across the table quickly. So all my lists and all these things have talked about already, you know what sub faction are going to use which will score battalions of my to play which units not necessarily the most efficient but the ones that suit my playstyle the most all of that I kind of like, you know, Swap and change and pick and choose to try and you know suit what I know I can play with and I enjoyed playing with that makes absolute sense. Yeah, so So finally at the end and so are there any playstyles not necessarily like the ones that you've had the moon but that you'd like to see more of will tell we've heard on the tables rather. We've heard a lot about and kind of shooting matter without really seeing it materialized armies have taken more shooting but we haven't really got that the shooting method we've been promised for months or years. Yeah. I don't know really I think we're in a good spot with like a lot of different playstyles. Not just looking what you think. And you look at the factions, like what done Street does with his is faction reports of what who's doing? What well event something like 40 odd factions finished in a top five this year. And when he said this year, it's like makes it sound a long time doing it. It's five weeks. Yeah 40-something factions in like what mattress maybe six weeks by now, but yeah, it's crazy. But when you look at them factions and look at the styles of play of each of the factions a lot of them are aggressive. A lot of them over the table at yet, but there's a lot of their that on is, you know, there's a lot I've seen Glimpse back gets that rely on debuff in and just blocking things up. You see the endless spell this you see fire sage in the defensive big defensive blocks and it's really interesting that there's a lot of different styles in the factions are still doing well. As for what I'd like to see more of the know I quite like the whole the endless spell lists. I'd like to see them doing it. Why I think there might be a bit scope for rather than using endless fails to block movement and restrict table space thinks maybe some more just out-and-out damage the rift team five left or whatever might be an extreme version of that, but I don't know really, I mean, I think they're in a good spot varying playstyles at the moment. Yeah. There's quite a lot of variety. You can definitely give them that and then kind of going back on you've mentioned some Square basing a few a few times. So what element of 100 found his battles previous Edition any addition what element of that would you like to see incorporated into age Sigma its ranks and flanks. So it was always really interesting to like in Old School Warhammer move and when you look back now at the tables and or even photos of the nantais tables when they play the the Tactical game of trying to get around the side, it's a big deal and like even playing Muhammad O War, you know, you're trying to get the unit's shooting to the Looks and charge into the rears and you do more damage. It's not really you don't get it so much change signal is still good to get run sides people because you get more bodies in that able to attack you can do more damage that way but you know, I don't know what it be. I don't know. Yeah, we tough to incorporate that into a skirmish Game Wouldn't informations of some sort or I don't know maybe having it. So, you know, if you're surrounded on so many models it gets a bit messy though, you know if you have to count them number. A bottle models in base. And yes, I know it's one of the nice things about a sigma is it's kind of redundant Simplicity intuitive and introducing a mechanical that might be really messy. But yeah, it would be interesting because we were again we're talking about this recently in the previous episode about how you don't get rewarded you get rewarded for kill points in some events, you know, you taught her to be killed points and get rewarded for just doing damage, but you don't get rewarded for movement Shenanigans being really clever with outflanking or anything like that. You just you know, that that's how you win. But you don't get a kind of an otherwise reward. So if there was a better a stronger award you could do more damage or whatever it was, you know, like how you used to do know whatever is used to do in square. It is not really my game. But whatever it was that you got was it like you bravery deep breath. You do couldn't get the rank bonuses relationships bonus. Yeah. So so maybe it's a bravery kind of debuff whatever it might be. Who knows? Who knows. So what about other game systems because I know you you quite fond of X-Wing and not sure whether x-wings are got a huge amount of overlap into H Sigma, but are there any other game systems that you think age of Sigmar could learn or take something from so yes, I do actually now, I think it's a speed of play. So I mean underworlds have done this and either there's been some attempts at over to meet engagement that came out and but I think just like three hours for game. It's a long time, you know, and then they were you getting these events with children players and you get five maybe six. Is it you know, so it's a long time we're actually think you know, 45 minutes around to its War Machine hordes hour and half around some of these other games systems of compacted. It is still competitive game still fast. I just think at the moment people go into a tournament and not getting finished in three hours, you know is I don't think it's good. I think you could easily play seven games in a weekend if the the like the games has was scaled down a bit. I think the games fast enough to be able to play quickly and get enough tactical like we've smaller games with the Thousand point games. I think the so tactical think the list is still interesting enough. I'm not advocating for like half in the size of all the games, but I think there's a there's like a future age of Sigma mechanic. I think bearing that in mind could be good. I think if you could like watching Warhammer TV, you tuned into the game on Wednesday night. It's on for three hours. Whereas, you know, I get bored watching football or something 90 minutes is it's not a it's not a spectator game. I think in in the in the world of like Hearthstone card games where you can log on play card game get someone in 3 minutes and then you are off playing another opponent. I think it's a big disconnect. I think if they want to really grow into like the computer game space and go really wide, you know, what's it like when there's a million people playing Edge Sigma worldwide? Like I think game time might be a big key to that. Yeah, I mean just look at the kind of pace of something like League of Legends. Oh, yeah, it's Isis vs. Watching a three-hour gay marriage suggesting was definitely a kind of Disconnect between two is now. Yeah, but I mean, it's a different thing. It's like it's like test Cricket verse 20 20, you know five days verse 3 hours, but what you know when you say what do I think it could learn from other systems? I think that's one of the things that could learn cool right? So Brandy For move on to the final two questions, which we asked everyone if you got any shoutouts because it's probably worth maybe mentioning Blood and Glory which is a kind of small local event that you're thinking running this year. Right? Yeah. So we've got Blood and Glory coming up. Thanks for the chance to give a plug but somehow you never give an even bigger blood when you when you come back on the F7 talk about the event as a whole. Yeah. I think you've said you'd like to do that. So that be good. Thank you very much. Yeah Blood and Glory see the 9th 10th and 11th of October this year. We're moving forward in the air a little. A bit got a new venue Reverend knocking them about five minute walk from one world. So the Nottingham Tennis Center is going more to system event. We've kind of penciled in space for about 600. So going for almost every game system from games of the shop underworlds Grant Clash. That's one of the other no one of the five they run over the year in the UK. We've got big agency Marvin obviously a big 40K. We've got a war hero James Clark coming into an The Hobbit. We've got what else we've got going on heresy. Yeah, it's going to be great. It's going to be exactly what we were thinking about doing when we first started Bloom Glory, which was go over to America and look at one of these amazing concert. They have aren't and try and build something like that in the UK multi-system loads of people enjoying a really good weekend a warmer and you know, it's every year. We're adding more and more to it. Brilliant. And if you want to find you on Twitter, where can I find you it's at but does underscore podcast brilliant. So Pharmacy questions, if you could protect one thing about Ed Sigma and never have it change, what would it be? And if you could only change one thing about adjusting my on the rest of the game would never change, what would that be? So what-what am I not allowed to say that there's a rock a regular one that you know, I can't say double turn a priority role or that whatever that is. So protect one thing would be It would be a kind of the Joule effect of the amazing release schedule and also the moving on earth like that. There's always a new faction at the top. Both of them things. I think are really good and really important for a healthy game system. So when back to the old days of like 6th edition Warhammer wood elves came out they were top top tree as say so they were top of the trees and they were there for a long time like a long long time. So when some when / comes out now and people are like they're amazing and it's like there's three or four books in the next six months and then one of them are not come off, you know, it's mesh been amazing for six months. Yes. It's a rough six months if you're not playing / but also like you're going to get a ton of new releases the people who just want to play the new thing and the new best thing will jump lists new stuff will come out and beat some ash new. Strawberry made people would design new lists and new releases will giving you access to that and it's just brilliant. It is is the best thing because for so many years. It just didn't happen you there's some years where you didn't even get a horrible released. It sounds as crazy as it sounds but you know, it's what used to happen. So that's something I would never want to go back to I love the release schedule. I love the ever-changing face of what's the best thing in the game? And I think it's really good and if you'd only change one thing Thing and the rest of the game would never change. What would that be? I think it so I did have this wrote down on my Manos because you'd already sent sent me these questions over and we talked about it a bit and it is that that game time I think if we you could when we used to do the Games Workshop GTS six games over the weekend you speak to our rounds and it used to be used to 2,000 points to our rounds and it was good and people playing two hours people still over ran some people finish sooner, I think You can up to three our rounds and you know, it's reaching Belgium Belgian event was three and a half hour rounds. I would I would do something with the game whether it's Point sizes, whether it's just in the point C units or whatever. I don't know but I would I'd like to sit back down to you know, two hours around or lower. I think to kind of counter that is I like the eight interesting Mark isn't underworlds and it isn't a kind of like meeting a German and I think there are there are entry points into the kind of fantasy gaming from the agency from games of Sigma from Games Workshop rather at every point, you know, every kind of number of model level you did during the size of games. So I'd still want a signal to be a kind of masked battle system. Oh absolutely and I think anything sub 2 hours as a now I guess maybe it's possible but I like the fact that the game has this kind of weight to it off time, I think something like are between two and two and a half hours would be really cool and the fact that people have I think three and a half hours for the Belgian event is that that's you know having its chapter Michael that's just as much to do with the language barrier between the various Nations attended the event as it was the game but you know faced Hammer does three our rounds you know plenty of other events due to and 45 or or three hours themselves so yeah as you say it's events have had to adapt to that system it's a shame that the system is designed in such a way way that people have felt the requirement to do that yeah and I don't know what it is I don't know if it's like it's all the rerolls is one thing it's but they are looking at things yeah it's things just you know things like this is a cool new rule yet to move in the hero phase great next faction gets through their Affairs as well brilliant now they play each other both moving here at face Every turn and it's just, you know, small things over the years, you know, there's a new supplement out brilliant. Absolutely your form a triple A great. What's that? Do? Oh see. My new book is when we bought read. Oh, yeah and son. It's just, you know added and added an added. We've got a great game with thousands of options is brilliant. But yeah, one of the things I'd try and focus on particular for match-play streamlining a bit and try and get it to that two-hour Mark. But again, you know, it's My opinions it's moving - ones some people like the longer. I know when we used to do the TC without fully Square bases. We used to play in two hours in England and GTS or two hours. Then you went to Europe. They want to do three and a half hour rounds for the ET C and the wide the tournament over three days to play six games and it was like just a different culture just just a different mindset entirely. They used to play for three hours and still not get finished and we just couldn't go enter on that and it was yeah. One's got a different opinion on that one. Brilliant will bend thank you ever so much for joining us being has been great having you back on the Oasis like back in the old Ashley pyramid days, isn't it? When we doing 40K together? Yeah, that's it. That's it. I've not played that for a long time. Well, so thank you very as I say, thank you very much for joining us and we'll have you back on the air wave soon to talk about Blood and Glory. Well, thanks very much has been taken. Cheers. Thanks for listening to Priority roll. If you want to get in touch with us. We're at priority roll on both Twitter and Instagram. Ram you can send us an email priority roll podcast at gmail.com, or you can go to Anchored ofm forward slash priority roll and leave us a voice message. If you want to leave us a feedback. We're always looking to improve or if you just want to suggest a topic to talk about on one of our upcoming shows then feel free to get in contact with us. We'd love to hear from you until next time. Thanks to listen to Party Rock.