Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of the time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth I think that was on display as much as we've seen all season long on Tuesday night. I think you can say that this is probably the best they've played ever in SEC play. I mean just in terms of they've done this to worst teams the Mississippi State so they've put together a complete performance against a really good basketball team. Mmm. So that was huge and they played really well doing it the fact that they went on a 26 to to run or a 2200 run. So they I mean he'll lost and only had 12 on 307 do startling at eight boats are had 20 on 22 shots. I mean, this wasn't like someone a jogger bold and going off for 19 or whatever. It was against Virginia, you know, 10 of 10 from the field. This was just guys getting good looks knocking out some of them and playing really good defense the same thing that has held Carolina back at times and I think realistically does put a cap on how far this team can go. I mean they still are still a good chance. They don't To make the NCAA tournament, they'll still make the NIT but whatever the ceiling of this team is it is capped by the fact that they don't have that one guy. We thought it was going to be a g Lawson. It hasn't been edgy Lawson and still could be next year. I think the ship has sailed on him being that guy this year. Obviously a German Coast Guard is somebody in the future that could certainly be that guy there are potentials for that guy to emerge on this team, but it hasn't happened yet this year. So that's that's the weakness. That's what hampers the ceiling of this team. But the flip side of that is in a game. We saw on Tuesday and you're right. This isn't the only time we've seen him but it's probably the best opponent against whom we have seen South Carolina play this complete of game. We saw the deadly part of playing a team that doesn't have one guy because who does Mississippi State Kion is it coats are who finishes with 20 not exactly an efficient 20 on a career-high 22 field goal attempts as you mentioned. You can't key on Bryant because you know, he's only got 12. He only took eight shots. You don't key on Lawson because he only took seven shots. You don't kyon-kun hard. He only took eight shots jboden gives you eight Off the Bench Alonso Frank gives you eight Off the Bench and that's kind of like that's Not exactly a true Aid off the bench because my Kay Henry obviously started cause it was senior night and alarms are Frank normally would have been a starter so we can consider that, you know eight from a starter but point is very even scoring distribution. Everybody played pretty well soft. Groan to move them all incredibly. Well 20 assists on 32 made baskets just all-around great performance. And that is the best case scenario for what this team can be right now short of either AJ loss energy manku start turning into a legitimate superstar in the next two weeks. Yeah. I mean you saw and I wrote it in my what we He's this is what the offense looks like when it's clicking this. I mean, they're moving fast. They're getting contributions from I think eight players had at least eight points. I'm looking here Lawson at 12 gu start at 12:08 co-star 20. Brian was 12 Frank with eight and bold with eight to six players with eight or more points. Mmm. That's huge if you can get that on a night in and Night Out bases from everybody. You're gonna win more games than you lose and when you there Passing the ball so well, they offensive rebounding the ball really? Well 11 offensive rebounds averaged one point one six nine nice points per possession ice that is their highest offensive efficiency. I'm looking it up because I know it's their highest in over a month was the last one that Texas A&M game at home Vanderbilt Vanderbilt. Welcome Vanderbilt. They had a 120 4.1 points per 100 scored 90. Yeah this One 18.7 Psalm 119 points per 100 great good great, really really good, excellent and all the numbers bear that out. You know, it's not just the South Carolina's moving the ball around and it looked nice and they got 20 assists but the shot over 48 percent from the field a shot 5 of 11 from three which isn't a lot of Threes but they're taking the looks that were there and they're knocking them down and hey shut 73.7% from the free-throw line. Does that number sound familiar? It should because that as A total is 14 of 19, which is exactly what South Carolina shot from the line and Starkville, which is kind of funny. The more things change the more things stay the same. It's so true some of the other numbers that stand out from the box where you mentioned the offensive rebounding. How about just seven turnovers? Yeah to what was their net turnover? Margin there plus 7. Yeah plus 7. Outstanding a clean basketball game and you know what I have to say. As much as we have spent warranted time complaining about the way that South Carolina games are officiated and SEC games and just college basketball in general the second half of this avocado, Mississippi State game was an enjoyable basketball game was a clean basketball game with not a lot of fouls with not a lot of turnovers. It was it was really nice because it was a game that had Rhythm is a game that had flow. Like I said South Carolina, it wasn't comfortable for them at Mississippi State never really looked like getting over the hump like Carolina. Would they be up by 4? And then they'd extend that to 8 in the Mississippi table gives on the 5 and then Carolina go by 10. So it always just kind of like oscillated between that 4 and 10 and if you look at the game flow chart, it's pretty much just like parallel lines through further for the remainder of the second half, but it was well played I thought on both sides kind of exchanging blows and Carolina was able to do enough to pull away and as much as we talked about it being important for South Carolina to in the reverse fixture in Starkville take a game. That was a 12 point loss at. With like two minutes to go and turn it into a three point loss that was slightly more efficient and slightly better in the net. I think it's equally important that South Carolina was able to take like a consistent 5 to 6 point lead and extended it to 12 and improve their efficiency and obviously improve their defensive efficiency as Mississippi State Miss some shots down the stretch and for Carolina to push that into the 10 plus range that net decided the value for some reason. Yeah, and I think it was really impressive that Mississippi state will go on these runs and it was kind of the exact opposite of what it was in Starkville and I wrote it that they got in Starkville South Carolina would close the gap and get it to like two or three three or four and the Mississippi state will come back with a huge three or a bucket or and an one that's exactly what South Carolina did Mississippi State will get it down to four and then coup star would have three and it be 70 or a jail awesome would come down and get an and one and it's back to seven again. So good teams know how to keep other good teams at arm's length when they need to and South Carolina did a really really good job of that Tuesday night. And again, it's a good Mississippi State team and important for South Carolina in this game to get that because you mentioned it right before we turn the mics on even when Carolina beat Georgia and scored 94 points. It was still like yeah, you know, they didn't play that. Well, they still give up 90 it took you over time to be Georgia. And yes, George is playing a little bit better. Now that Anthony Amber is deciding to cement his status as the number one overall pick in the draft and a couple of months. But that was still a game that you felt like Carolina should have one more comfortably you would have liked to see a better defensive effort and you were wondering if if that was kind of gone. You're wondering if some of the key contributors on this team after Mancuso nard and Trey Hannibal it sort of hit freshman walls if my coats or is running out of steam a little bit Keyshawn Bryant was sort of getting back into a Groove. He had three straight triple doubles had another good game on Tuesday with a 12 and 7 on 5 of 8 shooting and then Lawson was continuing to AB as his whole season has been just ebb and flow and ebb and flow. Actually. I don't know which one is ABS probably not the good one if we're talking about how it guys playing. But anyway, it just hadn't been playing particularly. Well lately and I was like, okay seems like it just feels like this team is running out of steam and then Tuesday is a is a night that seemed it was a reinvigorated team on the court and you have to hope that that was a like big picture reinvigoration and not just sort of an aberration because it's senior night, right? you hope I mean you hope that these guys can continue it and it's going to be one of those things where you have a good opportunity to go out there and Beat up on a bad team in Vanderbilt. So you have a chance to kind of carry that through and you have an opportunity to go into the SCC tournament winners of what three of your last four and then you get a good team. You beat it. Okay team in the first round and go play potentially a beatable, Auburn or Florida. Then you're looking at 21 wins right there. So now it feels like the magic number for this team, right? Yeah. Absolutely. I feels like magic yapper and there's so many different scenarios South Carolina is locked into one of two seeds and we'll get to that with but who they play and who they have drawn in the second round after they done done. That is still TBD mmm. But South Carolina needs to continue to play the well the way they played because if they play like that they're going to win the majority of their back. We'll give down the stretch. We are going to get to a little bit of seating again. There's one game left. And so there's still some things that are yet to be determined exactly but sort of a Early look ahead at what the SEC tournament seedings might look like and a little bit of a preview of that Vanderbilt game as you mentioned South Carolina absolutely dominated Vanderbilt last timeout excellent offensive efficiency scored 90 points. I'll ask you this in like 30 minutes when we talk about the vanity game. They seem like they might be the best bad team this ever but hard as they just upset Alabama there to conference winds are at Alabama and LSU at home. So, I don't know exactly what that means. We'll talk about that in which wasn't a lot of Look, yeah lot of salt. Yeah, it's like really really I mean, it's really like how they're kind of a poor man's version of Georgia, I guess because it's like save only are you going to have 38 like he did against Alabama you're going to have like a 25 + 9 or whatever you had against LSU, then you're going to have a good chance to win the game. Otherwise, you know, not so much but they lost eight straight beat LSU lost seven straight. Beat, Alabama, and I said this the other day If Vanderbilt had one more like really good punching above their weight performance left in the season Carolina fans better be glad. They got it out this week entire Lusa as opposed to saving it for their home finale this weekend. That'll be a 12:30 tip before we get any more into the Vanderbilt game want to stick with a few more thoughts for Mississippi State and I'll start with this. because I mentioned last week I mentioned a couple times now it felt like German Coos numbers hitting a little bit of a freshman wall would you know hold against him? That's it's a thing, you know, that is a that's a thing for a reason because it happens to a lot of freshmen and if his shot wasn't going to be falling if he wasn't going to be scoring as efficiently because other teams had figured out how to defend him working on him a little bit more than teams had in the early part of the conference schedule. Then the question for Jermaine and the way that I phrased it. I think just last week was what is your counter punch? And the answer is Tuesday night. He found it Jermaine found out discovered or it was unlocked. I don't know if it's if it's Frank Martin are germane or what exactly happened. But Jermaine figured out how to impact a game without having a huge scoring night. He shot just 3 of 8 squared 8 points 1 of 3 from three point land split his free throws. Five boards five boards but 10 assists and wait for it wait for it, but zero turnovers. When was the last time I mean it probably hasn't happened since you've been covering, South Carolina. It hasn't happened. I don't know that I can remember certainly not since I've been I mean, I'll cover South Carolina same way you do, but I just cannot remember the last time any player from South Carolina had 10 assists and two turnovers in the game. At least on the men's side. Here's a list of just the players that have had 10 assists in the last 10 years. So from 2010 to 11 That season forward the list the full list of players who have had 10 assists in a game. Drink you start. That's it. That's it. Oh my God. That's it. Wow! That's a little bit depressing. But yeah, okay. So suffice it to say in that same period of time. He's the only guy to have 10 assists with no turnovers in a game. It didn't even I didn't even feel like it not that I like remember him playing badly or having turnovers, but I remember looking at the box score Midway through the second half and being stunned because He didn't have a single turnover. And again, he's had a good assist turnover ratio all year. So that's not like I'm expecting him to turn it over but I just watch them drop a couple times and I was like, wow, he's probably getting close to a double-double and I looked and I was like, well, it's funny as he sits at this rate. He's going to have more trouble getting there with the points than he is with the assist that turned out to be the case obviously was two points shy of then of collecting I guess what would have been his first career double-double and then I was like, how does he have zero turnovers? It just it was so impressive and the fact that I didn't notice that I think was really important because is all within the flow of the offense. They're only two players. With at least seven turnovers and are at least seven assists and no turnovers since over the last 10 years. Jermaine coustarde is one of them. Obviously Hmm this game the other pretty thing I'm gonna guess scenario storm won't send area storm. Yeah against Oral Roberts. So not even against good. That's the only one only one other game like that at least seven assists and no turnovers. And the last time I get They SEC team you have to go back to six assists and no turnovers, which was scenario storm with against, Tennessee. Okay. So in 16 so the 25 1 year, so that is what we saw on Tuesday a true point guard performance a siderius thornwell level perform. Mmm Yeah better better. Scenario Thermo never did that. Yeah, correct affecting the game without having to score. That's that's the missing. In peace for Jermaine Kushner least that's the missing piece right now, you know, hopefully he has things to his game going into next season and the year after that and continue to add things to his game. But right now that's his counterpunch and he has and he's not going to have 10 assists and no turnovers every game but he knows he can do that his teammates know he can do that Frank Martin knows he can do that that changes his game that changes the complexion of a diadem. Yeah. Yeah changes how you have to defend him too. So if he could do that, hello. I mean, it's it's Over sometimes trying to defend him because he can get to the rim and he could also kick and if they're shooting as well as they did it's game over it's impressive feel for the game and it's coming in a variety of ways some of them kick out some of them, you know driving into the paint. And as you mentioned other teams have learned to defend Germain in a very particular way Mississippi State obviously saw him just a couple weeks ago and like, all right, cool. This guy's going to go to the hole. He's probably gonna pull up for a lot of floaters and stuff. We're going to come out. We're going to contest them yada yada and we see See Jermaine. It's so cool and fun when you can basically watch someone learning in real time and the play that sticks out in my mind is the alley-oop that he threw to Mike where he does the exact same thing that he probably did, you know half a dozen times the first time against Mississippi State and had probably done in this game where he drives into the paint. He stops like, you know, six feet short of the basket. He pulls the defender out of him. If it was to do repair your whoever it was and Jermaine reads it perfectly sees Mike standing of the dunker spot and throws up a lob and helps Finish, I don't know just tell you first of ever ever. I was going to say that but then I didn't want to sound everything because I did say that you'd had someone practice. This is the first time that fainted actually seen him. Yeah, but not I didn't know I remember him saying that post game but I didn't know if that just meant from germane or if that was like ever ever which wouldn't surprise me. If it I think it was ever ever. I think it was ever ever what a night to do it senior night first Al you've ever written like he did even celebrate like he like just jog back down the court and you're like Mike you're up. You got you went back up like 10 points like they're your arms up in the air celebrate. This is your last time here like you threw down a damn alley-oop dunk the first time ever a donk like that's awesome. Oh Mike Mike Mike Mike. Let's do Mike Nexon. We probably should've started with Mike in honor of senior night, but I was just so blown away with that. 1000 ton of appointments from Jermaine. I just had to start with that because it's I think it's really important for the future of this team. It was Mike's night though. Mike led the team in scoring. He led the team in field goal attempts. He led all of his other career games and field goal attempts. He got yelled at by Frank Martin in spectacular fashion, like such spectacular fashion that it made all the TV highlight reels, especially when a would play the side by side. It was particularly see it. It was really fun because you get to see, you know, obviously Frank and Mike, you know, laughing and hugging hugging each other. Other at the beginning of the game and then I mean it was it was like a pretty standard Frank Martin blow up, but it was just really funny because they put it side-by-side and I was like, yeah, that's pretty great. My codes are completely unfazed started out pretty well. What did he have his first four shots or four of his first five and then missed a boatload of shots and then made a couple shots when it mattered. We mentioned the alley-oop. There was the 15 footer with I mean not long to go to put Carolina up by seven or by 5. I remember exactly but showed confidence showed aggression throughout the game, even though his shot wasn't falling and he spoke about it after the game and his press conference. He was asked, you know, just the difference between last year and this year and it was it was confidence. It was his teammates empowering them to continue to take those shots. So 9 of 22 is not a great shooting night, but it's great that Mike allowed himself to miss 13 shots and was still there at the end of the game to hit a big shot that 15-foot jumper from the elbow to extend the lead and it I mean, I think it speaks to his growth and there's a story going up. Up its 951 it'll be up by the time we finish this podcast that where I write my lead is my coats are through done an alley-oop dunk and a year ago. You couldn't even imagine him dunking let alone throwing that alley-oop and it just speaks to the growth that he's had in his family has been a huge part of that. His coaching staff has been a huge part of that and It's so fun to see and you have to be unbiased in this business and your you don't root for teams. I mean you're around these people so much you root for Success because you wanted you don't you don't like seeing people fail. So watching my coats are take that lap and after the game, it was just it was really cool to see and because he's been through so much shit at, South Carolina. It's been the ire of fans for so so long because he struggled so much as junior year the fact that he was able to go and take a Victory lap after winning his final game and a game that could potentially be a tournament win a tournament resume boosting win just says a lot about his growth and it's you can't you don't hate it for Mike. It's really really cool to see for a guy like Mike. It's great. Yeah 20 points just two rebounds we can talk about that just a minute for sis a steal. And just continues to be the rocket this team. You mentioned thinking just a year ago about Mike Duncan at all much less finishing an alley-oop. How about thinking about Mike continuing to just be an excellent free throw shooter? Yeah the best free throw shooter on the team. I don't know if that's my percentage. But if I'm gonna I'm gonna choose any Carolina player to be on the line and a crucial moment for South Carolina. It's going to be mine just based on how he shot this entire season and especially in SEC play met both of his free throws. Solid solid solid solid. I don't want to say anything bad about him because it was senior night and because he was huge but if there is anything to criticize about his performance on Tuesday. We mentioned that was his last chance to have a high-profile kind of one-on-one matchup. I guess another good big to continue to build his case for SEC Defensive Player of the Year or First Team all defense or whatever. It ends up being ready. Perry did end up having a really good game now Mike did an excellent job on them the first time a couple weeks ago. He finished with 10 and 10 and 7 turnovers did Perry Perry finishes this game with 1716 and the 16 is obviously a little more concerning the 17 because he did shoot just 5 of 13 from the floor six of From the free-throw line was Perry but 16 rebounds and Mike was just too that's that's a pretty significant disparity, right? Yeah, like I hadn't even looked at Perry stat line much and holy crap. Yep. He's good. Yep, and only 26 minutes 17 16 and 26 million IP SEC player of the year. Yeah, like legitimately might be a season. So there's no there's no shame in that but that was if Mike had another, you know, hold them to 10 points on inefficient shooting and forced a bunch of turnovers that was going to be like, okay. Here's the last piece of the Puzzle I don't I mean Mike's not going to be defensive player of the year you hope this doesn't hold him back in terms of a nod for First Team all defense because I think he definitely deserves it. But given that this is the last look that some of the voters are going to get in terms of that Marquee matchup. Hope that doesn't leave a lasting impression because not the best night for Mike defensively and especially not on the glass. Yeah, and you need more of that and rebound he's been such a positive this year that they've One games not going to really Define you yeah, I think that it'll be it'll be fine. I'm not worried about Mike or his ability to now and I can guarantee. I mean, you know, I'm a lot better than I do you've talked to him. I mean you talk to them basically after every game it seems like I'm pretty sure he's not concerned about making First Team all defense or first team all-sec or defensive player of the year. He's probably just more concerned with Carolina winning is Vanderbilt making a getting the 5 seed in this tournament or whatever and winning as many games as possible. There and then going to the NCAA tournament because that would be a really cool book end his career to be able to do it as freshman year and then of course the senior year but you know all around good night for Mike again. The 22 field goal attempt says to me a lot about his confidence in a lot about his Just his willingness to to miss some shots, you know, he would miss a couple shots of the first three years of his career. He would miss two shots in a row and then you're like, okay. Well he's done for the game. And that was it. There was no getting it back and this mic like seriously, what do you start for four or four or five and then missed a an ass of shots and it didn't matter he kept shooting and he made him when it mattered. I remember I was for the story that is going to post here at 10 a.m. Eastern. I talked to us oniy grab it. A little bit about Mike and it didn't make the story but I asked him I was like if I told you Mike had been averaging 10 points and six rebounds almost seven rebounds a game as a senior. What would you have said and he goes told you you could have done it because I've seen it when he goes out there and hit shots early you could tell he wants the ball you tell you know, and you're starting to see that and yours, but you're starting to see that willingness, even if he's missing stripes and for him to be so Fearless in that regard. Coming from a guy that was too scared to go to the free-throw line his sophomore and Junior years says a lot about his growth and says a lot about where he's been and my co-star could be one of the first guys to go to tournaments. Hmm at South Carolina since the McGuire days. That's before you and I were born. Yes just by a little bit Yeah, but by a lot of it, yeah, so he's a damn good career a damn damn good. Career and it's been a great story. Yeah, it's been the story of the year. It's been the most fun thing to watch any Soper like he's so personable away from basketball. I mean just talking with him and and being around him. Not that I'm sitting there, you know going out and have a beer with my coats are because it's super frowned upon and you'll do it. But this year next year. You can't ya next year. We got to get them in in the studio to do some Gamecock Central Podcast podcast. I like that. Yeah, but he's just so personable and he's such a good guy that you root for people like that, which is why senior night was so cool to see him go out there and put up 20 points and helped lead his team to a win great story good performance little for South Korea when they needed every bit of those every bit of those 20 points another Never never mind. I'm not going to do a Segway like that. I can't remember. I was playing better lately and it's more consistent. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah good keys on Bryant three straight double doubles and doesn't have a double double on Tuesday, but still finishes the 12 12 points 7 rebounds on 5 of 8 shooting made both of those free throws had a couple turnovers, but hey, it's not for which it felt like he was doing on a gamely basis or a regular basis early in the conference late. Good Keshawn is back and that's good news for South Carolina. Yes you Hymn playing. Well, especially we don't know for sure but there's possibility just a minute I comes back and if you are just a man, I in defensively to help out and keeps on Brian still giving you 12 to 15 night. That bodes well for South Carolina. That's a good thing for South Carolina finished his offensive rating. The last three games has been over one 109 M. Which is phenomenal. He's playing efficient basketball. He's not taking a 3 which I think is important. Great. Yeah, don't take any more to it. He's made to do quick math here 20 shots. Over his last three games and has taken less than 15 per game. So 27 plus eight is 35. He's twenty of thirty five from the field his last three games. It's very good. That's he's not a guy with range. Obviously. He'll take like a 15-footer on the Baseline. I think you made one Tuesday night against Mississippi State, but he's someone that you want taking high percentage shots, you know, if Jermaine her AJ if they have like a You know 5 of 16 kind of game. It's not necessary the worst thing or a seven seven to twenty kind of game. It's not the worst thing because they're you know taken some harder shots. They're going to be taken threes and things like that. You can you can afford to absorb that because guys like Keyshawn guys like Mike are expected to be a little bit more efficient because they're closer to the basket and they're taking higher percentage looks so for Keyshawn, you mentioned that taking the threes he's eliminating a lot of the long tubes as well and not forcing it. You know, he's taking that that was one of my biggest takeaways from South Carolina offensively Tuesday. Keyshawn was kind of a microcosm of that. It wasn't just that they move the ball around it wasn't just the head 20 assists, but they let the offense come to them. They didn't I mean I don't remember a single possession where it felt like they forced a shot. They moved it. They work the ball around until they got a good look and they took it and when you do that, that's how you shoot almost 50% from the floor. Yeah, and they hit jump shots, which has been pretty hit or miss this year for South Carolina literally and figuratively when I hit jump shots, this offense works it about I mean as well as it ever could so when you knock down those especially early getting a few big buckets early from Jagger Bolden was huge. So when you could do that and take smart shots and give your defense a chance give your defense a chance to set up. It's nothing but good things for South Carolina AJ Lawson second highest Minnesota on the team 35 minutes 12 .37 shooting 2 of 5 from 3 4 5 from the free-throw line for It's two assists 3 Steals and wait for it zero turnovers a good age a game. We'll call it a good age a game solid a jacket. Yeah solid logical I was huge for five for line was big three of seven, you know, he needs to take and make more shots. But three of seven by itself is not a bad number 2 a 5 that's fine. That's what you need to be hitting from three four or five hundred you get free throw line. That's exactly what you need to be doing there and and not exactly the same way not as prolific as germane, but AJ impact The game without necessarily needing to score, you know, you were getting some you know, a lot of scoring from my coats are because he had eight or ten earlier whatever it was and you know, you were getting good contributions from the bench guys. AJ didn't need to force it. He didn't need to take 17 shots on Tuesday night. He knew that he could take seven and collect some rebounds and dished a couple times and play some good defense collect some Steals and most importantly don't turn the ball over don't give the other team those free possessions this free points and he and Jermaine. I mean this was the was this the best Collective back core performance South Carolina in a while from it all around stamp. Yeah. I mean not a lot of scoring but absolutely but yeah, let's see 12 assist zero turnovers nine rebounds 3 steals this what you need. It's with me tonight are nano-based. Yeah, you want more than 20 points but everything else was yeah above and beyond where it needed to be on a consistent basis. Yeah, and that's what I mean. If you're going to win games the SEC tournament you're going to need these guards to play well and this team goes as its guards go and if you can get that kind of play from AJ and remain on a consistent basis than hell. Yeah, like sign, you know, Frank Martin Stein that up sign him up for that on a consistent basis and they finished loss of finished + 13 + qu start/finish plus 19. Yeah. So if that feels right the two highest on the team actually Good backcourt game very good. Keep it up. Got a stiff test coming up on Saturday and save only it's coming off 38-point performance will talk about Vanderbilt. Just a minute also good bench performance will start with Frank because he's a starter Mike Henry started but Frank played 40 minutes off the bench made three of his four shots got his to 0 from the line to three from the lime got his four fouls. He should just start every game with that. Yeah, but eight points a couple rebounds and assists a steal. Frank couple, let's see. Let me pull up his game log because I want to make sure I'm not missing a dud in there but it feels like last couple games like yes, like you don't look at me. Like wow, other than the yeah boy together 22 against against Georgia, but a ten and seven against Alabama in 20 minutes is kind of what you need eight and you'd like to see more than two rebounds but eight points on three or four shooting in 14 minutes against Mississippi state is kind of what you need. That's three straight good to great in the case of the Georgia game performances from Alonso Frank. What's funny is now that he's kind of finding his Groove as Carolina's fifth guy just him and I might come back and I guess he's not going to be starting necessarily against Vanderbilt. But presumably would be at least in that starting and closing group for Carolina in the SEC tournament, which means Frank's got to go right back to the bench and just hope that he keeps up that level to level of confidence and offensive efficiency or hell you could start him you keep starting him and bring my in Off the Bench and that way you won't mind. I won't be on a minutes restriction because Frank Martin was very very adamant. He would not be in a minute. There but he's missed three shots in his last three games total three shots in the last three games he's playing about as well as you can ask him to this is the Alonzo Frank everyone thought he could be at the beginning of the year gives you 8 to 10 points a game halls in you arm the hall and more than two rebounds, but even give you five rebounds and assists and turned the ball over once with three fouls, I think if you told me that in November, I think that would say Alonzo Frank had a good year. Yeah. And now it hasn't been that for most of the year and we talked about it before they've been some is to extenuating circumstances in terms of other guys taking some of those minutes from Frank, but it's nice that he's starting to get that together at the right time. You had just a man. I'm back into that. Yeah, I'll be very curious to see now. He did get re-evaluated recording this Thursday morning. He did get worried about evaluated yesterday. We have not heard anything. Not that I would have you have not heard anything seems like whatever news Frank Martin might have gotten maybe hanging on for his call and show tonight. Probably. Okay. All right. Well, that's a seven o'clock on one of seven five the game. So that will probably be the first place. You hear some just a man died news that's going to be significant for South Carolina one way or the other Frank also plus 10 plus 10 plus 40 minutes while the result. I feel like even when he has good games. He's like - three. Yeah, but he was plus 10 and there were only two players that finished Sub-Zero. Lulu I got this so McHenry obviously was and 0 yes for for when he got pulled so it's not him and TJ Moss teach him also who Oh, I thought was TJ Marshall were in the negatives. Oh Mike a was a zero. Yeah. Okay. He didn't play that much eight minutes. No three minutes then I can't play TJ Moss 11 minutes. This was a low so wilden's yeah wilden's is minus minus 4 because he had a really nice sequence where he grabbed like an offensive rebound how to put back on a block on the other end had another offensive rebound and I think missed the putback but was very active quite as for but you live with that as a freshman. Yeah. What do we think to do muscles? TJ moss in just five minutes. I bet he was - 6 - 11 - eleven in just 5 minutes. Now. That was when Mississippi state was going on the run in South Carolina holding their backs on reasons without trouble. But let's let's do that. You said you texted me like as this was transpiring and you said On a pull up the text. It was something to the effect of Hold on. I'm pulling it up, you said? Come on, where is it? You just texted to make two days ago. We don't actually even text that much. Ah, I got a lot of opinions on TJ Moss Tuesday 7:48 p.m. That was in the middle of the Run. He just he was he was and I hate piling on players because these guys are 19 years old, but and we probably this guy a lot man. That was just a bad performance and he's had good before like he's had good performance. Yes, Kentucky. No, I want it's over one. No rebounds. No server 2000. Yeah, like - 11 and I know you had to play him because your guards are in foul trouble. It was it was rough to watch. So since SEC play started. He I'm going to go through his turnovers from Florida through now and keep in mind. He's played more than 20 minutes twice. He had three turnovers against Florida won against Tennessee 0 against Kentucky. That was a good game 2 against Auburn 0 against Vandy 0 against Arkansas one against Missouri one against Miss tickets. Am didn't turn it over against Georgia the first time want against Tennessee won against Mississippi State and out against LSU. Not against Georgia one against Alabama won against Mississippi State. It's a lot of turnovers for That doesn't play that much and here this is the this is the real number here his field goal numbers. I can be the result totals give you the stats have it like yeah, that's probably better. He's averaging ten point nine minutes per game in SEC play. Hmm averaging Two Shots a game shooting 32.4% 36.8% from to 26.7% from 320 percent from the free-throw line one assist 2.2 steals. No blocks point nine turnovers 1.7. Yeah, the thing the thing that about TJ that just really stands out. is just the amount of games that are like, oh 100 of to yeah, like one-on-one against Florida one of one against Tennessee of to against Vanderbilt OVO against Arkansas of one against A&M of one against Georgia of one against Tennessee OVO against Mississippi State over want against LSU OVO against Alabama of want to get specific like if you're in there, I'm not encouraging him to shoot more because he's not a good shooter and he's not going to make shots, but if you're not going to be in there and you're not going to be a threat to shoot, Shoot and you're not going to have that many assists and you're going to turn the ball over a lot. I mean Trey Hannibal is the next guard Off the Bench now obviously by a significant margin engineer, which is great. I guess those minutes are going to go to seventh next year. We'll say it like that problem. It's unfortunate. I don't know he played seven games last year and he seemed fine those satellite TJ and I like TJ lat. But Tuesday's nice purple. He's just yeah, he's is he the realest way? He's probably the tenth best player of anybody that played twos and I was going to say 11th, but it's hard to say and I hate piling on but it was just he was the fifth best guard behind Jermaine AJ tray and dryer. Yeah. Naga game know you have your opinions anymore or did you get it out? No, I got it out. Okay, you got it out. We talked about Frank Levesque unfortunate that he was - again that was in the midst of Mississippi state's run, but I don't know you didn't just bite that I thought he was well, like I said, it was really energetic activity Four Points four rebounds and 11 minutes did have a couple of blocks only one foul. Yeah, not bad. I mean just maybe unfortunate timing that yeah, that's what he was enduring it run. Now again, we're gonna sit him like yeah, you know, A game + - doesn't mean that much and we just used it to crucify TJ. Okay, but - 11 and 5 minutes. Yeah. Yeah - minus 4 and 11 minutes General Curry just 10 minutes five points four rebounds did have four thousand ten minutes either here Levesque. One of those two is going to get into foul trouble in a hurry. It's just kind of a they must flip a coin in the locker room. Like okay, I'm gonna go out there and pack everybody. Yeah still fun though. Still energetic has a really fun. This guy's Whenever there were never in the game. I'm like, what's he gonna do what you gotta do because you don't know right? Let's that's the fun part in the back is a little bit different because it's it's not as athletic. Yeah as McCreary McCreary, obviously very athletic but Levesque still is going to do some things and like I said, he just got such a nose for rebounds and you see it with his propensity to collect offensive rebounds. I think Alonzo Frank was leading the team the last time we checked and offensive rebounding rate and Levesque was right behind him. I would imagine after the last couple games. I feel like he's picked up a couple offensive boards at Levesque may have passed him. Um, Frank did have an offensive rebound and one defensive rebounding for 2 minutes on Tuesday. I just continue to be impressed with lebecq's nose for the ball. Levesque is leading the team in offensive rebound rate. There we go by a tenth of a percentage Point good job wilden's he's at 13.3 alonso's of 13.2. Do you think frankly getting like a gilded plate or something like that at the end of the season? Yes. Yep. Absolutely. Yeah Frank seems all about, you know, silverware and awards and trophies and things like that. Yeah, hold on to that Crown will dance. Yeah, I think If there's one thing Frank loves its participation trophies. Oh, yeah loves participating loves it. Thanks Obama. Yeah. Yeah, he's gonna be good. I'm not really worried about him. Nope, Trey Hannibal also going to be a 13 minutes six points had a rebound had an assist have steel how to block had a turnover had three fouls the other tray animal stat line at the tray Hannibal stat line. Yeah, two or three shooting made both of those free throws, which is nice. He's got to improve his shot. Especially from the outside a couple jumpers, though. Oh, yeah, you like one jumper those like, okay, but yeah, but it like stood out. I was like, oh, he doesn't normally think that flat is all get outs. But yeah, he's got to work on that. It was it was his jump shot is what key. Sean's was last year like you look tacky Sean's and you're like, well, that's flat. Yeah, and then he shot him this beautiful like arcing. I remember that because I was like, oh damn that's not going to go in and it's just for now. It's still a work in progress for Keyshawn, but for tray, that's what he's got to work on but for someone that I also thought it kind of Hit the Freshman wall another solid performance. You can't shouldn't expect or need much more than that from him off the bench good 30 minutes of Defense. Six points is gravy plus did it feel to the efficiently +13 that's nice and collect a few other stats along the way solid performance from trade. They don't need a whole lot from him, but good to see him kind of getting back into it because I feel like his last couple games have been really underwhelming. What do you think happens? First? Trahan will start to basketball game or Trahan one Frank Martin kill each other. I would say kill each other because I don't think Frank will ever start trainable. Yeah, I mean essentially I think those two guys like each other so much we are so similar that and trade us so much stuff that gets under Frank skin, but he has to play him because he's it seems like a real love-hate relationship and they love each other. They just a couple of months ago. We were talking about. Oh, you know Trey Hannibal's not going to be playing Enough by the end of the season and Frank doesn't like him and all this stuff and Frank has a lovely single they really really like each other and that's The reason why Hannibal came to South Carolina, but he just does some things that you got to break him of that for those that hadn't did not watch tray Hannibal in high school and I watched trainable a lot in high school. His team was and no disrespect to Hartsville basketball. They were really good. His team was Trey animal in the Hannibal. Let's like that because it was give the ball to like try Hannibal Liberty inbound the ball to a guard got the ball back brought the ball up took the shot got the rebound with I mean, it was just it was try Hannibal that makes sense Trey animal and you're seeing that now in college and they're trying to break him of that and he's doing better. But it takes time when you're when you've been conditioned and especially when you have limited minutes, like if you have like 8 to 10 minutes a game to like see what he's going to do and fix that or let him work through that or whatever. It's a I'm not gonna sit here and say, oh that's a tall task. But it's a work in progress and a solid game from tray and that's all they can hope and expect to get from him for the rest of the season at least enough that they don't have to play TJ Moss any more minutes later from the bench tiger Bolton 21 minutes 3 or 4 from The field two of three from three point land a rebound couple of cysts a steel didn't turn the ball over eight points. He hit the most fun shot of the night. Which one was that? Pull up three in transition? Oh, yeah. It was awesome. Yeah. Yeah, he does. There's no bigger like put it on the table like shot bad and a pull-up three intrinsic rate. Yeah. That's what he does Eric Camry. With whom I host the extra point at 12 o'clock weekdays. I'm one of seven five of the game is to come will break. Yeah. Oh, yeah big time. I love doing the show with Eric and he went to the game Tuesday and his like one of his first takeaways. You know after seeing them persons that I think that might have been the first basketball game he went to this year. The first men's game was like Feels Like Jagger Bolden is underutilized which is funny and a little bit dangerous. I feel like he's exactly properly utilized but I can understand why he thinks that you get your eight points when you get him out of the game. Yeah, like it's like okay. We got hate our yeah now every once in a while he check and give you 19 will give you 22 or 24 or whatever, but I can understand why you go and you see that and you see how silky is jumper is when he's got it going and you're like, wow, this guy needs to play more but he's in the exact perfect role and I swear who 6 Vanderbilt because that's just how his styling goes Yeah Yeah Yeah a hundred percent which is fine. That's what they need from him. But it feels like and and to be fair as nice as the jumper is in terms of playing two or more. That's really the only thing he does. Well, he doesn't defend. Well, he doesn't dribble. Well, he shows like I'm gonna he's shown some some flashes of like nice play making ability but not with any consistency, but I still think just his scoring potential his outside shot if he can get a little bit better at creating some space to create his own shot and he becomes sort of the The anchor of Carolina's bench units next year along with you know, Frank and Hannibal and whoever else I feel like he could end up being a six-man of the Year candidate if he's scoring like 12 or 13 points. He Society the game Off the Bench. Yeah hasani without the defense but hasani with his senior year scoring. Yeah, and you look at dry ear. I mean, he's got the tools to be a good Defender now, it's just a matter of getting to that point. Yeah, his feet are a little slow but strong. Yeah, he's smart but Just got to get better at different stuff. And I don't think it would be as expository if that's the right word to use. If AJ and Renee were consistent on ball Defenders that makes sense that a lot of his mistakes get like just a Mac. He's admitted to me his told me to hit to my face. I had slow feet like my feet were like cinder blocks and sin and Dwayne knew that so I never had to help they always helped huh? So So as you get more defensive cohesion than AJ can help enjoy your can rotate the there man different things like that. Hmm. That's interesting how to get Justin back in here to break down. Jagger's feet Justin back. He's like, he's like, I knew I was slow. But Synod Wayne also new. Yeah, that's good. You have to understand your strengths and weaknesses. That's a tie you go team. He goes son. Darius was I forget what he told me. He likes the Darius we knew you know, if this guy drove this way you had to help and it was Dwayne. We don't worry about doing yeah. When do I had it? Yep, like okay. Mmm guy the matter who's driving which way is going. What is going to do Dwayne? It's got it. That should have been a t-shirt that year doing had him Twain had them or Dwayne has them or something like that. Sorry same way. Yeah. Mike has them. I was talking to Perry Clark yesterday and for the story and he's like, we don't even worry about look like we don't even talk about my coats are the game plan. We look at who their best player is and we say bikes got him and we move on like that's the game plan for Mike. It's like, okay and this guy, Good got him. I got him point guard 2 3 4 5 God gives a shit. Mike's got yeah, it's great this the the upside of this team defensively once they get in the tournament play and once the referees swallow the was a little bit more is very exciting. Yes, very exciting now 45 combined valves in the game on Tuesday. But like I said, it felt like in the second half they were swallowing a little bit more Mississippi State. They took what's 18 free throws in the first half. I think or 16 or 20. There's a lot of free throws in the first half. Not as many in the second half and Carolina went to the free-throw line 19 times. Not a ton. A lot of that was Mississippi State sort of fouling at the end try to give himself a few extra resistance. But 18 in the first nine in the second. Yeah. So that was nice in the second half. You saw a little bit more what a game looks like if you're allowed to play with flow both for South Kona offensively and when they're allowed to be a little bit more physical defensively just 71 given up in the game 83-71. You knew they were going to go up in the net because Mississippi state was higher than South Carolina in the net and when you add in How efficient Carolina was offensively and how efficient they were defensively that leads to them jumping for spots in the net up to 61. At least that was Tuesday night that may have changed since we recorded the 1600 after 60 now great. So someone in front of them fell down, I guess I was Alabama probably see you we see you. Okay, interesting Alabama can't be very far ahead of South Korea in the net but that is neither here nor there I imagine, South Carolina. Continue to strengthen its hold on the number one defensive defensive defensive efficiency in the league is that like I said, they had another really good efficient defensive performance. Meanwhile Kentucky was upset by Tennessee and gave up a boatload of points in the second half. So that did not help their case. They're the second most effective efficient defense in the SEC don't know why I can't say words today, but that's okay. This team's going to be whatever postseason it is. Whether it's the NIT or whether students a a tournament there going to be a bear defensively. Yeah, it's not a team you and Ben Howland said, it's not team you want to play because it's so damn hard to defend or play against them because they're so physical so defensive. I thought this was probably their best performance and very long time against a good offensive team and Mississippi State. So yeah, you hold them to like a scoreless drought of Five minutes or something like that. Mmm. That's good teams. Don't go through that and the fact that they did show us how good South Carolina's defense can be on the top end anything else to say about Mississippi State. No good win for South Carolina, very good one, very important one had to have it now. They have to have this one against Vanderbilt on Saturday, 12:30 11:30 local start time. It's gorgeous. It's really nice. It's really nice, but does does that Actor in is that where are you? So should I worry Carolina fans? I mean these guys have to play in the morning. They're used to they played a lot of night games lately. Maybe probably now they gotta stay rest because they're yeah, maybe we converse comes on Tuesday. They had what was yesterday? They Wednesday off practice Thursday practice Friday travel Friday. Yeah, and then they probably won't go through shoot around. On Saturday morning. Yeah, they because they didn't go through shoot around against A&M when they played at am so they probably won't do shoot around. Mmm. So they'll have something Friday night in Nashville. It's you're good enough to beat Vanderbilt on at 11:00. Definitely. Yeah, and you're good enough you don't you don't need to play as well as you do against Mississippi State. You do need to play that well because you want to keep the momentum going you want to be playing well going into the tournament going into the tournament. Yeah on offense and on defense, but this game is I mean is this game anything more than what does say benleah do and what consumed Carolina do to stop saving Lee. Is there anything else? No, we're talking about no. No, it's just kidding. It's a Bentley and then things will tend to go your way. And that's true man's job. Yeah, that's you slapped her made on him and say have fun day. All right last game. Your counter punch was 10 assists. No turnovers. This game. Give us ten points give us do to assist no turnovers and play good defense holds save only the 17 points. Yeah 17 points on on 6 of 22 shooting. Yeah, that's his job. Easier said than done. Yeah saving these good table. He's really good savings playing. Well, it's at home. I mean frankly Vanderbilt has just been playing a lot better down the stretch, even though they've gotten blown out in some games. They beat LSU and you mentioned they went on another seven-game losing streak. Let me let me pull it up because it feels like it work. They lost by 10. They lost by 10 to Mississippi State 14, they Kentucky and Kentucky him was closer than the for Tia 18 to Florida. For to Tennessee to to Georgia they got they got coustarde on that Georgia game. They got beat on a bike a half-court pull up buzzer. Yeah nine against, Missouri 16 against Ole Miss and then beat Alabama 8. I mean, that's a tough stretch, Kentucky tournament team, Florida tournament team. At Tennessee work in the way into the bubble you lose out on by for your order with Anthony Edwards doing Anthony Edwards things. They're still not a good time. They're 10 and 20 there too and whatever 15 in conference play now, but but they have one really really good player in savingly and South Carolina tends to do well when teams only have one guard that can drive you instead of two guards that can drive. Yeah, so and savingly was worth pointing out savingly was still a good basketball player and Carolina played in the first time in one by whatever. It was 2492. He had a really good game or so. Yeah 92. I don't know what Cause I'd like to a little yeah 90 to 60 4 1964. Okay, yes or 26 a lot to a little save only have 38 in the Alabama win. I underestimated his stat line in the LSU game. He had 33 4 and 6 on 13 of 20 shooting. That's good. Yes, so keep them to below 30 and you're probably okay. That would be the ideal goal. Your South Carroll how many times has save only scored at least 30 points this year trivia? six 3 I just 303 and anybody has two and one the one game that they lost they've only scored 30 points. He scored he had a 34 Porter 34 2 and 4 against Georgia when the officer who shot 13 and 17 for the bill. Yeah. That's our 1217. Yeah. Not bad, so I lured him to hold them to fewer than 30 points and I've kinda should win that one and finished the season 19 and 12 11 and 7 and Conference and will probably end up with the five seed in the SEC tournament. Is that right? Depends on what other teams do so if it's just head-to-head against Mississippi State They get the tiebreaker. It would be the five but there is a scenario in round-robin because these tiebreakers are all weird that were South Carolina could end up with the six seat and when and still end up with the succeed, okay, just to set the table real quick. We're recording this Thursday morning. So nothing else will happen in conference play in terms of the standings until Saturday. So this will stay fresh for a couple of days. So I don't feel bad like if we're doing this like yesterday and there were so copper teams. We played with them worth it, but we have a couple days now to to let this Marinate yes number one Kentucky number to Auburn number three LSU number for Florida. All three of those teams are 11 and 6. That's the tiebreakers in order Auburn with the tiebreaker LSU LSU with the tiebreaker, Florida, Mississippi State in South Carolina soon. After that both the sentence seven South Carolina with the tiebreaker over Mississippi State. There is a chance Mississippi State could get the double by Mississippi State and Florida. The only kind of two teams southbound would have to lose a Vanderbilt Mischief. She would have to win Florida would have to lose in the Mississippi state has the tiebreaker for floor. Is that scenario? I believe so yes for South Carolina you have Tennessee Texas am at nine and eight Alabama at eight and nine. Yes, and then Arkansas 7 and 10 Ole Miss 6 and 11, Missouri 6 and 11 Georgia 5 and 12 and about 2 and 15 with wins over LSU and Alabama, which is great. Hey great news for Carolina the jumped 20 something spots in the net so makes it a little bit better that puts them into quad to Road when territory right at 140 isn't cut off 150. Maybe I think so that can be a quad to Road win for South Carolina Carolina. Yeah, the scenario that I think is advantageous for South. Is getting the succeed because then you get the 11 and 14 matchup, which is more than likely, Missouri Vanderbilt. So let's throw this scenario out there and then beats Arkansas Kentucky beats, Florida LSU Beach, Georgia, Alabama beats, Missouri, Mississippi State beat Ole Miss at home, Tennessee beat Auburn and Vanderbilt losses to South Carolina. So that's all very realistic. The least likely of those is Tennessee beating Auburn. But other than that, that's probably chalk for this weekend. Yeah, the what he was saying. Yeah. Now that would put South Carolina as the sixth seed because they lost to Auburn Florida and Mississippi State based on round-robin. They were one of three in those games because it would create a one two three four wait, I had 11 and 7 but South Carolina would be the 60 they would play the late game on Thursday my mask which you hate but for South Carolina fans is a very advantageous you would play either, Missouri or Vanderbilt. Then if you win you play, Florida. Mmm as opposed to LSU Auburn or Kentucky. Mmm. That is good. Is that the only scenario where South Carolina could avoid Kentucky Auburn and LSU on Friday? No, let's say if Auburn wins. South Carolina would be the 6 seed playing Missouri of Hannibal and had to play LSU. Okay. Alright, so go, Tennessee. Can Tennessee who just be Florida and then just beat Kentucky and are fighting for their lives Auburn's not they're banged up well, and they're not really fighting for anything aren't they guaranteed to double by because of the tiebreakers probably I think that can't be any worse than the for. Yeah, they're going to have a double by so they don't have much to play for I guess except for like National Seating kind of the trivet. Yeah birds in the tournament. It's just a matter of like what national see they get and that have as much to do with their performance in the SEC tournament as anything. So maybe the if you're a Carolina and hold on to hope for that third straight Tennessee upset because if you get that then you're set up decently well. And you would have to play Alice you in the semifinals or depend on how things will work their butt and we can all agree that Carolina getting the double by would be the worst-case scenario. Yes, the absolutely no, I don't think there's any situation now. We're South Carolina gets the double by. Oh, that's right, cause for one last thing I keep thinking that's on the table because Carolina you locked it. Yeah, they have the tiebreaker, Mississippi State but now Florida. Yeah, that's their loss. Yeah, that's good. Okay, that's good. So just five or six. So what happens if Carolina gets the See, what is there? What is their Road look like let's say South Carolina gets the five. I'll do some math here. Auburn wins, Mississippi State loses Florida losses. So South Carolina would get the 5 seed would play the second game would play either, Missouri or Georgia potentially and then play Florida. So that's not a bad draw. Mmm. That would require a and them to be lets say Arkansas beats am okay. That's feasible. That's likely this is a good drill to Missouri would play Georgia and that would make South Carolina the five seed. do you have like a like a chart here or something or are you just doing the website read Otis okay great because I'm going to use this later because yeah it's a little bit around list yeah so let's say Arkansas wins Kentucky beats Florida LSU beats Georgia Alabama beats Missouri oh miss beats Mississippi State Auburn beats Tennessee South Carolina beat Vanderbilt in South Carolina would be the 5 seed based off head-to-head record with Florida would be would play either Missouri or Georgia and then Florida in the second round if they want it. So there are these these scenarios are South Carolina are mostly favorable. The only one that is not favorable as if they get the 6 seed and go play a list in Auburn beats, Tennessee in which case they would have to play LSU. Yeah, and I mean, I don't know you don't want to play OSU because they just smoked you but LSU is just not playing. Well now maybe it's just a bad matchup for South Carolina. And so you still want to avoid that and they're still a talented team and have some time to regroup after the season ends and before you Start the S tournament, but I mean they're just not playing. Well if that's South Carolina when looked like it was like okay, you know, maybe LSU's getting back on track. But since then they lost at Florida they beat am fine game not exactly inspiring than y squared 64 points and then they lose to Arkansas. They've lost one two, three, four five six of their last nine with the only wind's coming against Missouri at home. I am at home in South Carolina at home. Yep. That might not be the worst thing in the world. No, because I mean Florida did basically the same thing that LSU did to Carolina. Except at the Colonial Life Arena earlier in the season is Florida really a better draw than LSU. I think so. Okay. I think it's a better matchup for South Carolina. He's have to have the MGM heart doesn't have a number 21 and 10. Yeah. Yeah, maybe not and I guess German cruising are wasn't starting point guard in the game. Yeah, that's right. Cause he was sick her or a back injury. I thought he was sick with somebody sick that somebody missed that game with illness. I don't think so baby. I'm TJ Moss or something. I don't know. I thought somebody was sick. The point is I guess I could be different. So yeah, you want Florida but there's only one scenario because you just play out for different scenarios to work Iran as a five-cent tour Carolinas to succeed only one of those South Carolina has to play LSU in the second round should they went on Thursday? Obviously, they have to you're rooting for Ole Miss and you're rooting for to the Sea. In 21 and 13 does it? Definitely. I mean as Deputy one as yeah what I say, they said we know the 2113. Yeah when Thursday when Friday lose Saturday. Yeah, Karen is not gonna win the SEC tournament don't count on that. Yeah don't Bank on that because there are enough teams of the top that are good. They will have to have played less basketball in, South Carolina. 21:13 feels feasible. Yeah feels very feasible. The Mississippi State game really changes the complexion of the next week and a half and I think it gives me optimism to patients definitely give some optimism. How's the crowd? All right. All right. Okay, these people were a little bit unenthused after losing three or four in the way that they lost and it's 6:30 tip on a Tuesday. Yeah. I like the 6:30 tip. I like it though. I like 6:30 tips. Yeah, I guess so hard people to get down there from work and you know different. basis but yeah okay well that's good that was the home finale of South Carolina Saturday against Vanderbilt 12:30 tip which is nice you just worry about them still being sleepy and having tummy's full of eggs and bacon and a little groggy but they can be groggy and still when they can play their be game see Gaiman be tenable and then it's eating will be back on Tuesday I guess we could come back on Monday we will come back on Tuesday because it's a normal schedule for us yeah and breakdown down the tournament break all of the seating actually knowing it for sure it's amazing that so much is still up in the air with just one game left ago in conference play but that's been part of the part of the Insanity part of the fun part of the frustration South watches easy basketball this year South Carolina is he's either playing the second game on Thursday or the late game Thursday hmm you're pulling for the second game so the scenario where they get the five seed and still get to play Florida in the second round is the best case scenario because then they would get me but second game for me personally sure yeah because there Of our we went with that and then I get to go out in that and if they win I get to go out Nashville. Yeah should get some hot chicken go to Bolton's. I'm going this weekend. I'm taking my roommate with me. Yeah go on this weekend cause you're a good good traveler two games, but go to Bolton's you do that. Yeah, shoot me a text to make sure but yeah, it's a shack we talked about this idea that we talked about on the podcast. I never talked about in the pot. Okay, for those of you that have seen House of Cards. It's kind of like Fred. He's the guy that makes Frank barbecue. It's just one of the it's a shack and I say that in an endearing way. So if You are someone that loves Bolton's or works at Bolton then you're listening to this. That is not a slight. That's like the utmost compliment but it's nondescript and you walk in and if you have a high if you have a high heat tolerance get medium. If you are a masochist, you can get one of the hotter options, but it will ruin your day that's possible way. It's fantastic. So enjoy that I expect a full report on Tuesday. We break down the whole tournament schedule for South Carolina, and I guess the rest the SEC cuz why not while we're at it and I guess whatever happens in the bandwagon we got to talk about that yeah hopefully not much to talk about there follow him on Twitter at Colin Taylor read everything you write Saint Gamecock Central from is previews of the opponents to his breakdowns of what happened in the instant instant analysis of what we learned and you mentioned that Mike coats are piece that is live right now is 1036 on Thursday morning so go read that on Gamecock central.com great website lots of spring football coverage lots of men's women's basketball coverage lots of baseball coverage I mean I don't know what else you need it's all right there on Gamecocks and cannot calm at Colin tell where the Y at Pearson Fowler thank you all so much for listening don't forget to rate review subscribe to this podcast you get this and other chronic podcast and everything else fun that we do here on the Gamecocks enter podcast Network thanks for listening for talk to you next week