Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most Only helps you to focus your eyes on the Lord and transform your prayer life this Lent to sign up. Please visit pray more Retreat dot-org. Thank you listeners for supporting these incredible Catholic businesses. Here is today's story. Cameron Baum is Seattle. Mom of two young boys after finishing her PhD in Russian literature. She treated the academic life for the contemplatively life. Well as contemplatively is chasing two small kids can be she's a great lover of ignatian spirituality Catholic Social teaching and strong black coffee. You can find her on Instagram at Krug The Thinker listeners the ask that you sit with us pray with us. And learn with us as we listen to Cameron story of faith on our shared Journey To The Cross. When I was in college, I was part of a small but devoted Christian Fellowship. We met on Friday nights since every other night was already filled with acapella rehearsals rugby practices or good old-fashioned cramming for exams. I never missed a Friday. I loved God and my friends and I look forward to it every week. But even though I never would have admitted it at the time. I think I also enjoyed a secret smug feeling. While my classmates were out partying. I was busy worshipping God I was doing things right. During my first year. I became aware that a fellow student had been diagnosed with a rare form of cancer. I didn't know him personally, but I recognized his name another group of students immediately organized a benefit dinner for him on campus. I'm sure our meager college student offerings didn't put a dent in his medical expenses, but it was an offering of support of embrace of love. It was on a Friday night. Not go. I was busy worshipping God. I was doing things right. I had another friend who occasionally came to those Friday night meetings and her faith had more doubts and doors open than I would ever have permitted myself. We were spiritedly debating some issuer other by which I mean that I was telling her that I had all the answers and was definitely right and in exasperation. She finally asked me why didn't you come to the benefit dinner? Why didn't I go indeed? I'm sure I sputtered some answer. Other about the Primacy of worship and prayer, but I knew that she was right. Why didn't we cancel the worship service and attend that benefit dinner en masse? Why didn't we see that showing up in love and support would have been an act of worship true worship of our god of compassion and tenderness and mercy, I had missed my opportunity to love. But many years later. God gave me another chance. My faith have been on a wild roller coaster ride since those days in college. I had slowly become disillusioned with the limiting black and white faith of my youth and come home to the Catholic faith in which I was raised. I reveled for the first time in my adult life in the celebration of majesty and mystery as a Russian literature grad student at Chloe I occasionally took freelance interpreting jobs and an exciting one came up in my fifth year grad school is long a local Museum was showcasing the work of my favorite painter Marc Chagall and several employees of the Russian State archives were coming over with the paintings to make sure that the art was properly handled and installed the museum needed an interpreter between their staff and the Russian staff and that's where I came in to Hefty bilingual dictionaries crammed into my purse just in case The installation was in the spring during Holy Week, but my hours were only 10 to 4 leaving lots of time for me to make it to my favorite liturgies of the year. The last day of the job was Good Friday as the Russian staff and I waited for the doors to be unlocked in the morning. I noticed that one of them was sporting a very swollen wrist. So she said to me in a remarkably even tone we have a problem. Last night we were out walking and I fell she rolled up her jacket sleeve and I audibly gasped at the sight of her arm. She told me that she wasn't in any pain and didn't think it was broken, but that perhaps she should see a doctor all day in between opening crates and cataloging paintings. We gathered in the conference room to make calls to her Russian insurance company and try to make heads or tails of her policy, which clearly wasn't set up. Up for an international emergency room visit. As the day wore on no one conveyed a solid plan to me, but I knew that I would not be going to my beloved Good Friday liturgy. I long to be in my hushed and darkened parish and Berkeley venerating the cross, but I did not give it another thought as surely as Jesus was there in the Blessed Sacrament? So to he would want this young woman and allowed and foreign downtown emergency room to be comforted and cared for in her. Native language. I took the train back to my apartment that night around 10 p.m. I had missed the Liturgy, but I have been busy worshipping God finally, but finally I had done something right. I'm not saying that we should be looking for reasons to miss liturgies. I'm just saying that sometimes we need to carry those liturgies outside the four walls of the church. It's been so long since that night in college when I miss my chance to be present for someone who is suffering as I was writing this story. I nervously looked up the name of the student who had received the diagnosis. I held my breath having no idea if he had survived. Tears filled my eyes as I learned that he was alive and well a licensed counselor working with the Children's Aid Society and assisting with prisoner re-entry and substance abuse counseling as I looked at a picture of his smiling face. I realized that as much as I'd been about my faith. He'd been the one out there giving glory to God through his kindness his generosity his compassion. Do you remember those trendy cliched bracelets of the 90s the neon ones and blazed with the letters? Wwjd asking us to consider the question. What would Jesus do well at some point in the time between college and this Good Friday in the emergency room. God challenged me to ask myself a slightly different question. Does Jesus care about this? Asking this question shifted my perspective in a profound way. I have always had a very deep sense of God's love for me. But while I had considered myself as right and holy and special for so long. I'm embarrassed to admit that it never occurred to me that God loved every single other human being just the exact same way without exception. Justice had always been an abstract concept to me. I knew it was one of God's top priorities, but what did it have to do with me? When I took my eyes off myself long enough to actually look at the world around me to see the Beloved - of every person I crossed paths with it was as if a self-imposed blindfold had been removed from my face and that question does Jesus care about this became my constant companion does Jesus care about the person taking forever in front of me at the post office? Yes. She is Beloved the Driver, yes beloved the cashier checking me out at the grocery store. Yes beloved. Little by little Justice became less of an abstract concept and more of a deep and beautiful expression of the Beloved - of every human being each one made in the image and likeness of God, although I still love every mass and every liturgy my understanding of God's Embrace has grown ever larger and larger reaching far beyond the walls of the church never relenting until not one single person. And is left outside it. And this question keeps taking me further. Does Jesus care about the conditions of the people who are making my clothes and overseas sweatshops does Jesus care about the people picking my food and terrible conditions for insulting pay does Jesus care about the men women and most terribly children treated atrociously for no reason other than the color of their skin. The answer has never been no. has brought me to the shores of your great heart waters run clear and you say I lent in Prayer by Carol House Center by your heaviness and fear of Gethsemane Comfort the oppressed and those who are afraid by your loneliness facing the passion while the apostles left comfort those who faced evil alone while the World by your persistent prayer and anguish of anticipation strengthen those who shrink from the unknown by your humility board taking the comfort of Angels. Give us Grace to help a to be helped by one another and in one another to comfort you Jesus Christ. Amen.