This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can makeMoney from your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students of Harvard-westlake Middle School note that this podcast has nothing to do with harvard-westlake school or any of its Affiliates and is neither sponsored nor funded by harvard-westlake. Please enjoy the second episode of the alpha podcast tuning in from Los Angeles, California. I'm your host William would I realized recently on my phone that friends have been sending me countless messages of everyday quick multiplayer games through my messages app. I quickly came to realize that this app is called game pigeon. I wanted to find out more besides playing it. I wanted to get a bigger perspective on what it really was today. I brought a Jack Ryan and Derek chain to talk about how this app has really affected everyone or how great it may actually be. Welcome here. Welcome Jack. Thank you for having you. Yeah. So Eric, can you just start off by telling us what? Game paging really is and how it kind of works. All right, so game pigeon is an iMessage extension. It's got 24 games that are all free. You can the games in the extension. Some of them are eight ball basketball archery darts cup Punk mini golf and there's a lot more to play with another person. You have to propose a game to them and a wait for the opponent's or apply actually. So can anyone play this game or do you have to like have some sort of account going into there's only works on Apple phones. It doesn't not work on. Enjoy yourselves. She just get it from like the App Store and download it and just goes for you. That's and then Jack can you like discuss briefly describe each of the games that Eric mentioned such as a bowl and archery so eight ball eight-balls much like the actual game where you pull back like stick. Yeah, when you hit a white ball and then you try knock all the balls that are either striped or solid and to the holes. I see so it's like it's basically like a back-and-forth thing where you just send a message and the other person plays and it just goes back and forth until the games finished beautiful. So is there a specific thing about like, how many wins you get or something? Did they track that or is it something that was Yeah. So basically if you open the game pigeon extension over each game is show is how many wins you have I see? All right. So Jack do you think game Patron is very great. And in other words, like are there any pros of game patreon? So game pigeon has a lot of Pros which is why it's used by So many people and why you got so many texts one of the reasons it's so popular is because it's very convenient and easy to access and because as Eric said, all you need to do is download it and then send a game request to one of your friends. How about you Eric? Yeah. I think it's a really good way to connect to people especially ones. You don't know too. Well. Like I've actually gotten closer to a lot of people from game pigeon because Is like, you know a lot of times you just get a new number. You send me pigeons. I see now Jack when you sent me your notes. It's actually talked a little bit about like screen time and restricting how you know, how parents can restrict their kids from doing too much game pigeon. Can you explain a little bit about what that is? So in all on all Apple iPhones, there's a screen limit or like after say an hour or two hours all your apps go away, but This case Apple screen time does not restrict game pigeon, which is personally why I really enjoyed playing it because yeah, yeah. So in other words, it's like a cheap way to get around your parents. Yes, exactly and Ice. All right. I see let's move on to like some of the more like cons of game picture. Like what do you think is something bad about game pigeon that you think the company needs to improve on? I think overall game pension is well built. A common is that it's probably like to addicting honestly because they're it's like non-stop playing so when you're trying to do homework course focus on something you keep getting distracted if your friends keep some new game pigeon, so you think they should at least put some sort of wrist. Yeah, I think so. I see. All right, cool. Um, and then how about like just at school? Do you think there's also something going on? That's bad at school at school the school restricts you from texting so Not a problem during the school day. All right. Jack, what's your opinion? Like Eric said the school restricts you from texting. So there's nothing you can really do at school. But after school, I it can really be distracting when you're doing homework or when you're like trying to have dinner with your family. Yeah. Well like how many texts are game featured do you get to a day like how much time do you spend on it? Well, when I'm and active game with someone I can get like I could be playing as many as like seven games of game pigeon at once. Wow, but sometimes people don't want to play with me and that case like I see so you can have like multiple people texting you at once trying to get a game picturing go very interesting. So I how about like business ideas of game pitching. Do you think like the whole company format of like the idea of gamification is something that is very good. I think the idea is perfect. One thing I would suggest is thing about game pigeon is Also the games actually on to play like the bottom half like no one no one place them and a lot of them are like never touch. So I honestly think they should cut the number of the games down. I see so like what are some of the games that are never touched their games like mon Cala? Oh, I see. Yeah. I don't think I don't know how to Plato's. That's the thing. Yeah true. So you think there should be some sort of like hand like guide to see ya people should play because there are some other games where there's no game manual entry. Eating nice. So like how about like, let's talk about like game pigeon as a trend. Do you think as a business it's doing well both as a business or as the customer. How do you think that game patient is really doing I think it's doing very well because from my personal life, I feel like pretty much everyone with an Apple phone plays it like on the bus. You don't get bored because just every second you play like three or four games. I see so do you think it's like unique compared to something? That's also popular like For real or even Fortnight game vision is much more convenient because oh, yeah, that's true because you don't have to have like a three thousand dollar gaming PC or something like that true. All right. And then Jack, how about your opinion? Do you think that game patient is also trim? I do believe it's a trend and like adding onto a reasons Eric had you also like can't play with strangers with it. But like only what's your friend it's more of a safe environment. Yeah. Exactly. Nice. All right, Eric. Can you please just wrap up everything that you guys have talked about this episode in conclusion? Me and Jack are very happy for game pitches existence and think it is a very good business idea the way it was built has made a popular and regularly played and I give lots of credit to the company for making this a trend even though I play the same games a lot taking the bus and texting friends on the weekend has kept me coming back to play more and more the pros certainly outweigh the cons and the biggest problem I had was that the game was A good friend. It is actually a good job done by the Creator's I would definitely like to continue playing game pigeon and hope it continues to be used in the coming years. Thank you William. Yeah. Thanks Eric. Thanks guys. Thank you. Thanks for listening to the alpha pod cast. We appreciate your support. Please note that this podcast is hosted by William Lou produced by Alden Detmer Eric Chang Victor set and drooling Cortez copyright All Rights Reserved Alpha pod cast LLC.