Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record and edit.Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do this. On your own so just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Okay guys back to our lesson. Hello everyone and welcome here to our next lesson in this course. This is our Advanced writing course right that we're working on. So thank you guys for being here. It's great to see you today. I wanted to talk about continue talking about our essays and particularly writing the introduction, right? So what is the flow of an introduction? How does that work? What does that mean right flow of an introduction. So there are three In parts to an introductory paragraph, right? So actually let's even back up. So we have an essay full essay has an introduction the body which is huge and then the conclusion right now are only talking about this little part at the top which is the introduction. Okay, how do we write the introduction if you remember yesterday we worked on we kind of built most of what we need for an essay. We got the ideas out. We got to kind of structure. I want to write about this think a couple pieces put a thesis. This in their right but it's very basic. Right? That's not an essay. It's just ideas. It's a brainstorm. So right now the next step for me the way I do it is to start building my introduction, right? So the introduction that I have their has a very specific formula that I use and that formula is first Hook second narrow third thesis right? So there's three parts to it hook narrow. Thesis was that mean so hook. What's a hook? Hook you can think of like if you ever go fishing right? You have the me got the river. You got the fish in the water and down there to get the fish. I have a long fishing pole on the end of the pole. I've got a string on the end of the string. I've got a hook, right? We got a hook that I can pull people the the people I can pull the fish on right with the hook shot. I can hook those fish and when you're writing that hook kind of serves the same purpose. We're trying to hook verb. Somebody's attention. I'm the random person. I'm looking around. Okay, there's an essay essays are boring. I don't want to read an essay. Oh, that's an interesting Coke. Let's read it. And that's the point of the hook to make me go. Hmm. I wonder now there's lots of ways that we can play with hooks all sorts of things. But just remember that hook is starts the paragraph the introductory paragraph hook first. Second thing is narrow. Okay. So this step we go narrow means we start with this hook up here in the hook. Really really big in some way but then we need to narrow to a specific point in our thesis, right? So we start with the big open idea and I'll I'm thinking right now trying to make this up computers are cool huge right or Japanese food. Sushi is yummy? Okay many people don't like sushi, or There are lots of different kinds of fish in the ocean. There we go. That's huge. Right many different kinds of fish in the ocean one type of fish is tuna. Tuna is used in sushi sushi is one of my favorite things. One of the best ways of using Sushi is to do this and this and this now I have a thesis. Okay, so the process of hook narrow thesis at the bottom, but don't do it that way. And this is one of the key points with building a thesis statement or sorry with building an introduction in any way you always always always start with the thesis. Why because the thesis is the actual reason the purpose that you're writing it in the first place. So you have to establish that thesis first and you'll notice in the video from from before that. I did my thesis already. My thesis is there is my thesis perfect. No, I will change it. I will modify it. I will improve it. It but it's there something is there that I can work with is my hook there. No, there's no hook. All right. So first when you read an essay or an indirect or a paragraph you have a hook an arrow and then a thesis at the bottom, but when we're building the essay, we don't go in that direction. We do thesis and then narrow and then hook that's the last thing right that the Hook is the last thing we do it's important but it's the least important thing. We've got a great hook on a terrible essay or a terrible thesis. We get a bad grade if we have an okay hook on a really good thesis. We get a good grade, right? So we want a good hook. We need a good thesis. Okay. So thesis is where we always start build your thesis then build your narrow section and then last of all when you when everything is really Good, then you can think of oh, what's a good hook for this? And that's what you put on last of all okay. So that's how that works in the demo video that I'm going to do right now. I'm going to show you how I would build I'm going to continue building the essay that I built from yesterday and I'm going to continue building that and show you how I build that hook narrow and thesis right in the opposite order of thesis narrow and then the hook. Okay. So let's watch how that works.