We're here already. What's going on? Everyone? This is a short bus podcast. Welcome next stop the pity.As hell yeah. Got my cup of joe. Here we go. Well, I guess you did call the cup of Joe. That's a good question. I never understood that he mean who's Joe Coffey? They call it covid Jo cup of joe. Why the fuck do they call it cup of joe? Who the fuck is Joe? I want to know this guy nodding. It's just tearing these CA but why do you say it? Where did it originate? I don't know New York. Laptop Belfast New York, proud New York. They would come up with something. Am I researching it? No, I got a text from Netflix. They said your transaction was decline. So yeah cancelled trying to order porn on Netflix. I guess. I'll report it. Well this is happening. Which one pandemic the documentary at all? Wait, let's see ya. This document is not new. But yeah, I mean it's kind of knew. What was he came out like a month ago. Is there about to spread right how it came out right? When the coronavirus? Yes came out just fucking weird. Wait what so there's a Netflix documentary. I'd ever seen it called pandemic. It's like five episodes It's a docu-series and they tell like a history of the ooh enza virus. That's the first one. Well, which of the price that's the one that killed like a hundred million or whatever people like moo. Yeah. It's the flu. That was like 1918. They didn't know like what Pepto-Bismol was, you know, yeah didn't have Tom's back then, you know, yeah, like cocaine was in a can and they were like drink that you'll be fine guys were just dropping like flies. So apparently a hundred million people died. Whatever these might not be facts. No, I think I've seen you know, I went to the kitchen a few times during the day. Imagery so I might have missed out on some facts and this came out like it came out with of I write when coronavirus broke. I had a fucking pneumonia and I was like shit I'm watching this docu-series. Like I think I got your cigarettes. I was sick during wow watching this fucking series and then coronavirus broke the news and I was like, holy shit. I'm Bank gonna die. I didn't go there but I'm down to my last year 2020 and going out you finish the whole thing though that yeah, I finished all five of you. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know they go into like Ebola and they going to other viruses and they basically talk about how they would how they would have to like prepare Taman 8 and like how much prep it were how much prep it takes for like one person and it's like 20 doctor or not 20 doctors, but it's like 20 staff members. Yeah all dressed in fucking you know, the hazmat suits is one victim or one one person who's infected so imagine if there's Hundred people they won't have enough staff to well. That's just that's why people that's what's happening kind of like right now. That's what people in China dying because there's not enough staff medical any medicine nothing and fuckin the procedures are different. Did they give you tips at least our survival? Yeah. Don't touch nothing pretty much right? Yeah and like, you know, I got staying clean and sanitize all this bullshit, but it's like know once it starts spreading like your fuck and they talked about SARS and about wasn't that and was the other one swine flu. So I flu swine flu. I remember that weren't I was in high school. She wasn't as big as this one's pretty big but we can't keep it contained it. Yeah, so the tsar's one. I'm sorry. Is it started in China again start? Yeah, and I think someone stayed in the hotel room and then infected like the whole floor because they use the elevator and like it would transmit like if you cough in an elevator now, it's Airborne laughing fuck somehow shit starts from like fucking cows mad cow disease is another 100. Got a short bus right the Short Bus Loop. None of these are facts. These are all what I've oh, yeah Wikipedia. All right. So everyone just chill. Are you afraid of the one that's happening right now? If you don't know what talk about the coronavirus, he looks cold covid-19. The beer company was probably like go. Fuck change your fucking name. Yeah, you all know that like could I think that that's a conspiracy theory for some other people, but they still use it in reports. He He'll be why is that we're like, what's covid-19? Why is it? Why is it conspiracy theory for Corona company curl? Yeah, you're like it'll change your name change your virus named. We don't want to be linked to their losing business people who are buying coronavirus weird percent drop. There's some shit a lot of States. Yeah. Okay, but you're funny like we're not drinking that beer. Fuck that shit be prepared you stupid. Be prepared. No one would be prepared. Massive Are You Gonna Save? You know, man apparently don't stop helps man you anyway. Yeah, we yeah, we got that I think gloves are working because like I'm prepared are you I'm like no. Yeah, he's not I we actually are preparing Broadway. I'll be matter of seconds. It's gonna happen like they hate here in Canada. Yeah, by the way ready in my buddy works in the hospital. Yeah. I loving patient travel far. Two people came in with suspected coronavirus victims in this Hospital in Brampton. Oh, yeah. No way which one? I don't know which hospital it's one of them. Yeah, he was like, yeah, he works and he's like, he's a patient transfer person. He transfers them from like one room or one floor to the other. Yeah, and he's seen people in the hole. Hazmat suit and everything like getting ready to deal with this suspected. Yeah covid-19. It's probably people that has symptoms are like, oh my God, I got it and then they were taking precaution. Yeah, like you have to you can't just be like, oh, my nose is runny like as soon as I hear that and I are going we're going this room warranty. We're gonna kill you. That's fucking that would you fuck coronavirus bitch? It's a bingo would you fuck a girl? If you have a mask on. No, no stage 1 stage 1 stage with their stages. If a parent if the first K if you just get it and you're like, okay so you can fight it off. Okay, but what this virus is fucked up because apparently you can catch it again and again and again, this is the second time you catch it. Apparently it's worse their time. You catch you you're dead. Yeah, if you love us that long as I don't know are they I think we're making up our own normal up real whatever you can search it up. I know that most of the victims are like elderly older, but we just got four new cases in where it comes from. I'm not going to work tomorrow. Yeah, like why wouldn't they stopped travel? They are but we talked about I just stopping like not good like really full but the thing is what we take away people's rights and be like listen, you stay there. You have the virus. Are you stay there now, but the thing is it's already out there citizen was crazy say takes two weeks. And no you that you have that's what's fucked. So it's like you can you can you don't get a went somewhere? Yeah, you don't do weeks later. You're like, oh fuck. I haven't you like I went to the mall. I went to the restaurant one here when their gas station. Mmm. I mean everyone died. Yep. This is a yep, basically. Yeah, another question consider this shit. We would you do you think we can live in okay imagine waking up. So I imagine waking up it's going to be like apocalyptic Sheila we have to wear masks going outside. Like I'm at does it say it doesn't stop becomes like that. Like we have to wear like suits and shit and that's how life is going to be until you figure it out take living on Mars. Yes. I don't even want to think about that shit. It's a scary. That is too scary. It's like to be like that movie with Will Smith. With I am Legends ahoo. That's what covid-19 is. You here first. You heard it first real skin start falling off speaking of skin Oh God speaking of too much skin. I'll let you introduce this one. Oh you guys I'm Alyssa. She's free of the virus but holding free. How do you know what you said? A much with all this nudity bullshit. We didn't ask for it. It's like it's thrown at us. You guys are gonna be working. There's there's more than that. There's always like everything. It's like Jesus Christ that bitch's ass everywhere. It's everywhere. You see a walking like come on man. I just want to be like, oh put some fucking clothes on and stick to singing like, you know what I mean? Fuck her political views. I don't give a fuck like fat shaming we Do it. No I'm doing it because you're fat like what they were talking about that on another pass can for it. Like you're asking for it. Like that's a home run for any comedian like you see a picture of lizzle with no clothes on you're like I got like jokes already in my head. That's true. And then you got other people like no, she's beautiful. We should accept her. It's like who was it? Someone definition of beautiful different than mine. Someone on a podcast said that like, okay. It's like She's supporting you know overweight and it's okay to be big but then they're like, yeah bad held the but they're not like what happens when she loses weight. She can't lose weight, you know is now she's in poster child for a pictures for fat bitch like fat bitches know I had a post on Facebook. Yeah, I didn't get much. Backlash I expected more than the other but I was like, oh I never seen a Dell or like Aretha Franklin do this the Franklin. I'm trying to think of like bigger girls. I couldn't think of any other one. So I said those two and I was like, yeah, I don't see these ones, you know for attention and that's because they could sing but I don't have many followers so whatever but still now this is when I posted the twerking video of of lizzle No, what happened Bizzle bizarre out here from D12. God. Damn it. What? Uh, what song is like actually done? I know I've probably heard of but I didn't shoot her Grammys. But I like she started with a dress on and she didn't her second song did like a change and she was in lingerie and like the whole crowd was like it was mixed like some crowd, you know liberal. They're like, yeah, she's beautiful and then like the other people were like, I need to look away. I just titties is bad in her titties. What do you mean? Hello, see what kind of question is that nipples point to the ground? So that's you want to clear the air on that ring? Whatever I say. She's making bigger beautiful women who are big. She's trying to like give your biggie because I get it. Yeah, I get what she's trying to do the ROM agree with them for this. Yeah, it's wrong just because I've had people you know, like getting argument to me like well, then don't look and it's like well, it's hard not to then like hide it though. It's like it's on her Facebook or Instagram feed. It's like if you follow her like Like you're seeing it like you don't have a choice as you scroll down. You can't see what's coming. Next boom lizzle naked on your page. And you're like what the fuck I didn't ask for this. But if you put that shit in a magazine say she's on the cover of the magazine and she's covered up with like words and clothing or who are warriors. Something inside is lizzle exposed. Then now you have the conscience like I'm open this shit up and I want to see that but when it's on Instagram like that, you can't you can't Like fucking avoid it it's there. It's there like it's in your face and it's like you're throwing it in our face and you can't expect someone like me to be like yo, this is fucking yuck. This is weird like you like girls like what the fuck can't like if you're gonna put it out there, you gotta expect negative. So you're saying it makes me feel very uncomfortable. Hmm. It was throw up. Oh God. Yeah. No. Yeah you used. An empty stomach I'll be all right, you said if I just ate yuck? No shit. Goddamn Brothers know man, whatever fuck I don't like it. I don't like it. But you know what? I mean like so cool. Keep it on celebrities who keep it on celebrities since this is one what about the deaths are happening recently like Kobe's dad. Oh my God. All right Colby that you grew up what we both grew up watching Kobe. I didn't even I mean, I'm all out of a big basketball. And but I mean, I know I have a Kobe jersey when he was number eight and I had a had it for like 15 years and I got it for a Christmas present. Actually my brother got it for me. And and I was like, yeah, I'll look this Kobe jersey. So we're to school all the time and shit and but like I was never like a big ball fan, but I was fans of the Great's and I knew you know, Michael Jordan Kobe Bryant Allen Iverson Vince Carter like at the time these were the guys I mean Jordan was just before them. But yeah, I even had them. On the Wizards out of Bulls jersey from yeah, of course. Everyone fucking should have a girl's Jersey men, but I like now it's like you see it like I watch ball more now as I'm older and Kobe was like at the end of his career then he retired and I was like fuck I missed Colby and then the fucking death out of nowhere. Yeah. I was like, what the fuck? All right. Fuck you. See the wooden. Did they re like the whole ceremony said The clerc center 80,000 people from said yeah. Well when Michael Jordan was talking and she seeing me all brought myself. Did you watch it the whole thing or no? No. No, I seen the clips. I guess she can't speech into Michael speech. Yeah. I was watching the wife speech but I couldn't take it. No, I don't know. It's like I'm not doing this right now. I seen it without sound and I was like barely I couldn't even watch that. Yeah, imagine listening to it and they will crack jokes here and there this is just to like bring lighten up. Just like the stock market and I just dropped right down. Yeah. Well fuck. Yeah. It's just dropped right down to hell was brother my mom watched it and she told me she's like I went through a whole box of tissues. So they're dropping like flies out here. Yeah, like pop smooch pop smooch pop smooch his past you. Where is the other one in Delhi? Pop smoke Nipsey Nipsey. Well at the Grammys so so covid I like two days before Grammys. Yeah, it's true. I watched most of the Grammys and yeah, they did they were going to do. It was like Nipsey did a song with Khalid and a bunch of other artists. Yeah, I remember while they were doing that. Shout out to Nipsey. They threw in Kobe on the screen and it was pretty cool. Like the whole performance was wicked. You guys can pull it up on YouTube on your spare time, but it was pretty dope good song and everything, but it was like fuck it was so sudden that they didn't even plan like they couldn't can't change the game plan of the Grammys. I was a last minute to make like Minor Adjustments. They were like, oh we gotta say Something about Colby like lizzo started the show with with a dress on and she was like, she's like this one's for Colby and she likes sang her song and then like the next song. She took all her clothes off and she was like, this one's for all the sugar daddies. There's some shit, but now I don't know what she said, but it was it was quite the 180 like that. We were doing shout out to Colby like put some clothes on bitch. But anyway, we're going back to the last topic. We're going to keep it moving forward and the hold on. Hold on. What were you saying about pop smoke earlier that 50 Cent's gonna I don't know pop smoke is no anyways, so we got murdered at his rented condo in Hollywood Hills or some shit like that. Hmm. And yeah, you got murdered and then apparently still unsolved and he was close to 50 Cent. Now 50 Cent said that he's going to finish the project his first album for him just fresh off the press just going to finish the rest post motor mount for probably smoke but pop smoke already had two mix tapes that came out called meet the whoo volume 1 and to meet the woot you see my face I was like what the fuck does that even mean, but I write so yeah, so but the one that came Meet the meet the root volume to that one was hard. I came out like last month. That one was making waves and then he got killed. What sucks you supposed to go on tour to he was yeah, how how did he die murdered? Yeah. Shut up. I rented condo use 4:30 in the morning. You guys came in but it's a Target hit. Yeah, because the the call came didn't come from the same city can't keep him out of him from somewhere else. Yeah. It's like that person who was going on. They called like yo, this guy's gonna die. He's covid whatever that is, whatever your soul 20 damn other guy look like he was older and happened in Toronto Air B&B. There's a fucking yeah shootout in there. One of those rappers don't know they're rappers are just I don't know if they were rappers. They're having a party or something and you know Ops were there and then they pull out the Gatineau bomb bomb bomb bomb around the corner. Yeah, I guess that's what happened. Apparently my brother. Okay. This is weird. Whatever my brother knew. Two of the dudes who were like involved in this shit when I cut this out. But anyway, no names. Yeah, because he works where he works or he knew them through work. Yeah, and they were like they serve time and then they got out went to a party whatever they were and then they seen each other. They probably didn't like each other and they were like fuck it. They just popped off shots in a condo in Toronto at an Airbnb. Maybe we're going to take do they don't they don't think shit through they just do it. You just do it. They're like, I'm gonna kill him right here right now. Like why not like, you know something else set it up better. So what happens when you let your emotions get to you? Yeah, there's no there's no like stop processor. It's just like fucking I'm doing it. They'll even think that they just do it. Yeah, you know Just a pup done. And then they start ripping later. Yeah, exactly. They're like, oh fuck what I do that. It's like the shit on the for 10-member before 10:00 or the highways just happened. It was like dude you drive on the highway anymore. I thought it was bad because the traffic now you gotta watch out for bullets. What would happen with what mother was a shootout on the 410? What was it like between two cars? It's like fucking call not call it the Grand Theft Auto is this a couple months ago? No way on the 410 but they closed the stretch. It was like three exits long ago. They closed from like fucking bull ver to Valley would they shut it down all the way to evaluate role because they were shooting at each other the whole way down the fucking and they felt they found like casings. Yeah, like from both aired all the way to the valley where they found evidence so they had to shut it down and they were like fuck. This is now a crime scene and you can't fucking drive here and it was Rush Hour on a fucking Friday and people were like what the fuck is going on. Yeah, this happened while today we get caught no how you gonna catch him. There's no no cameras or there's no I don't know or not enough cameras, not enough cameras at least and their traffic cameras and their rib in there just blasting each other cars like just shooting out like what about cart? Like are they beside each other like cold water cars going through this and well, it happened like in the morning late like at night early morning Leaf probably wasn't many like Cars other cars on the road but they're shooting out. I don't know who knows like what cut the guy off he shot at you or is this like it's like I know that crush it the whole time and then they followed them home caught up with them and just had a shoot. I look like I have an after-party. Yeah, we're gonna be gang-related definitely always something isn't it? Your there's so much shit. Like there's that other shit going on the the tow truck beef. Oh, yeah tow trucks are having beef. There's apparently a person died. And they're relating it to beef between tow trucks tow truck businesses. I can see that bro. Yeah. I've seen them racing down the highway to an accident. I seen him freaking rip it down road to the they can follow the rules. No. No, they do whatever the hell you want. They don't get any fucking truckers not a line if they hustle they make a life there. Yeah, you know sure but like I don't know there's like drive through a fucking fence to get to an accident while they drive through a red light accidents to get An accident I'll get to that later. Yeah, that'll be my next one. But yeah, no, I don't know man. It's crazy. Mara Wonder wasn't all that she needs to happen in Toronto. Now, it's like Toronto now, it's everywhere. We see it more because social media social media think of it. Do you put doing that true though? Younger? I would never watch the news now. It's like I'd be like, yeah, I'm watching the news you have to watch the news how to save your own life. Yeah right to know where to go and not to go exactly that's fucked. So we live in a fearful Society saying well, yeah, that's the way they want it think it's working. Are you scared? Min Ki that's the last one of the reasons why your life because you're afraid of that. Yeah, who wants to die tonight? Not me. Yeah, but depends where you're going. Yeah anywhere now I know where anywhere is like fair game. So you got to live in these different races that are doing it. There's different races different different area. Yeah. I mean, it's always a question like what the hell is going to happen tonight? Yeah. It doesn't take much for someone to pop up. I'm bad look at it. I'm real. Like what the fuck bro one bad look at a drunk guy will end your leg, you know living get in with a lighter motherfucker. What do you mean? I seen a dude at like that was party one time. Oh shit. I know you're talking about an Assad off shotgun in his pant leg Yeah, like a BB gun. We were like this Brampton, bro. We don't fuck with no gun. Let's remember that I told you do me a favor. I guess he didn't want to show the whole gun. We were like, yeah, maybe that's all he had. All right, just the hits the handle. It wasn't even a gun. It was a from a saw a hand saw. No. He yeah, I don't know. He pulled out some fucking shotgun. He's like yo who wants to fuck around? We're like, we don't even know where the party is fucking like ran away. Like fuck this guy. Like we were like 18 19 member that part and we're like this guy looks kind of sketchy I miss those days. You know what? I miss. I miss those days shitting my pants in front of a sawed-off shotgun or not. Those that talk about those that like that party night was dope. I didn't even know you were there, but you know who I was with who? I can still hear you speak about that. You would never expect that people and at this party, there's like the hood is motherfucker shows. No, this guy was Hood man. I don't know. I looked him in the eye. He was like, I killed six people already. I don't know man. That's what his eyes said. Yeah. Nothing. I'm out of here. Fuck it. No, but you will Mark you want with that guy. Yeah, he wasn't even supposed to do didn't he leave Earth then that person is not leave Earth. I didn't leave early. Yeah. He left her we walked home, bro. We are you left early, too. Yeah. I remember walking with him and I think someone else. Okay. Well what it was earlier, it was like 11 o'clock. Everyone's getting turned up. We're not guys. This is the end of that night her like fuck it. We're out of here. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we didn't get shot. So, you know, maybe we're pussy. Maybe we're smart call it what you want. I'm still I'm still here today exactly. Fuck that shit. Sometimes you got to put your ego in check and say I forgot to bring my shotgun. I came unarmed to have fun in this motherfucker brought a shotgun Fun's over basically. Yeah. Anyways, I don't what else just leave it at that. The weird moment. I like it is no treasure probably have better clearly. This is going to be a virus episode as we get going. We're gonna bring it better for sure. You bring the a game get ready for a lot of shit talk them. Yeah for real came by ring can't he can bring your like political correct views and like don't even take it as a you know a suit, we're not even being serious. We're just trying to be funny. Sometimes there's a lot we don't hate you. So if you ever hear a you know, we're just trying to entertain people. That's all who's the next to die. That's fucking it's funny to read. I seen it on the paper. I'm like who's next? I don't know but what if you had to put my money on it? Fuck dude. I love that road shit down. I'm looking at a map right now for the topping. Fuck that noise. Let's talk about some real shit Ray. What do you want to talk about Hos Hos I love I love hose. But I hate same time, you know exactly what I mean. I love I love them. Okay. So let's let's tell him like how like type of girls are around, you know, like around here where we were from. Yeah. I didn't talk to you about us. The GTA what kind of Hose we got in the GTA? We have a lot of different types of holes. Then didn't feel like a pimp when I say that I know for a lot of different types of holes. What kind of holes you want? We have we have two opposites of the spectrum. Yeah. Top guy. We've left. That's me. Let's remember though. Let's keep that in check T. Okay. Sure. Just put it out there right go. So back what you were saying back to the hose the hose the hose. So what were you saying the type of host really cut me off and now I'm free I could work that out. No, no, no, no just making it sure. So we say what am I saying? So you thought you were talking about a girl in the club? Something. Oh, yeah worker Instagram a store. No, that's it. It's hard not to be like, yes, the one I want but at the same time it's are in case she likes to show your ass, but when you're there and she just wants to have fun but she likes the attention to so she tells you this is who I am. I love you, but I just love this just keeping you. Yeah, let's see beforehand, you know all this okay, but this is who she is and she said I like attention, but all the eyes only watering. Your eyes on me, but if she likes she doesn't care like once more eyes on. All right, but you all hers type shit. Okay. First of all, hos don't say any of that shit. They just do it. You're like fuck you. I don't care. That's the mentality of a real Hulk. Right? Yeah, but let's just say she had an epiphany and was like, I'm going to shake my ass. I hope you're okay with this. Yeah, I'm be like, yeah, I'm OK with it, but What the fuck are we talking about? Yeah, I wanted me to think I'm gonna take her home. I'm gonna smash that ass and then I said, would you marry her? No, I wouldn't marry any asked worker or any I wouldn't I wouldn't do marriage. I'm not really for that. So you got to understand where I'm coming from. Yeah, but if you're saying let's say I wipe her down which is not getting married, but you're like living with them and all that shit. So you're gonna be I wouldn't I don't know probably not wouldn't want to live with this asked worker for the rest. I mean like I feel like it's just not gonna work out. Okay, so I have a question for you. What would you no? No, but this is Jesus Christ. No, it's not be back. He Shawn will you do if someone just say okay I did and I brought a girl kills. Whoever question I brought to the stripper extra per nice extra per so she did she say she's very strange to her career choice, which is very sexual but she's not a stripper. That's fine. So that's fine for you if she's very Be sexual no I'm talking about like she likes to like dress sexual scandalous. Yes, careless we go home and she's not at home to make a whole housewife. Right? Who said that Snoop or Nate Dogg one of them. Someone said it but said well said you can't make a whole house wife Elmo everyone in L. A-- says it mmm. We only Benelli Ransom. We got different rules. All right, she got all her teeth you wipe her down. We making Brandon cell like you know, I know that's Hamilton. So we cleared out a ray. We're not married asked worker. I wouldn't marry one either but we're able to marry in general. Yes, but you can't ask me that question again for girls like oh, when are we getting married like 10 years dating her. When are we getting married? Like what we're not you fucked up five years ago. Like I already said we ain't getting married. Ali missing her yesterday listen to this that you're not alone there are a lot of people nowadays. I feel the same way as you what made you go that way. Well first of all the price of a wedding I've seen it second hand bro out of town weddings, you mean out of out of the country. Yes a nation. That's a nation weddings. Yeah. They're they're also expensive for your friends. Like your friends are going to be like fuck. I gotta buy a plane ticket an exam not going to like that. But at the same time it's like it's a wedding. I can't miss. It like right now. I have a destination wedding to go. Oh Jordan and Jordans got a destiny with everyone and he's like you might be my best man, and I'm like no fuck. I'm thinking like I can't get out of this. He's gonna have to bleep that can't fake a sickness. So this one right? I can't make it. I got the diarrhea there got the corona. Give me I got the corona remember so I got behind again, you know fan. I don't want to be built and I II just feel like you know, yeah can't you can't afford to be a business would have been my can't afford to be best man. That's the real shit. No, I thought it was him his brother or or Mike or Corey know why the fuck would it be Cory? I rank myself higher than good. That's for damn. Sure. Fuck that is crazy. They're not going to hear this podcast listeners. Let's be honest. We thank all three of you. Sitting right now. Yeah, exactly. It's a short bus. Okay. So right anyway, so that's one of the reasons why what that you don't want it because to expensively a Citywide to what are we talking about going to Jordan? But you said the reason why you don't want to get married because too expensive. Yeah, that's one reason and it's a shitty. Everyone says it's a shitty contract. They don't say that to me the question, but I'm not taking it back. Okay, it's a contract that is not Well for me, it's like if you willing to cut your life entire half then you get married. But if you're selfish like me and you don't like then you don't want to do you don't want to put that risk because it just not a It's not a risk. That's why there's a thing called a prenup. Yeah, good luck getting that side. Yeah, you know what? I mean it exists, but who's gonna sign it? You gotta like get them drunk and get trick them into signing. That shit. Can't be like, hey babe. Listen last night was great, but you know sunsets all that bullshit. We gotta sign this prenup. What's that? It means if we ever break up, I'm keeping all this shit. This is all mine. Fuck you. Yeah. Yeah, that's Raise you telling like yeah, I don't want you to have none of ya. Like this is gonna be a clean break up. I hope you're okay with that. And she's like Fuck that I ain't signing that shit. But what if she makes more money, how what did she ask? How quick would you think she'd bring that prenup to your face? You know, I think right away. I need your will do it right away. Sign it would you sign it no being in your state and you made a witch woman. Would you sign it as a double standard, right? I have to say yes. Yes, I would no no like nah, probably not speak on fire. She said the girl said, okay, I'll give you like some but you can't evolve should give me hush money. Hush money take the money take that she's okay with so what if she doesn't Yeah, where are these people? You know, that's courts. I think yeah. No, I swear to God. Yeah, like male escorts fuck men know and we're gonna sort of know the ones that go become a not out here. I feel like a divorce for kids fuck love. I'm gonna fuck you doing man and pay them. I'll buy many want and how does she get her? Knee from the first marriage. What the fuck? It's either she has good job or yeah married a rich guy and then got him bro. There's girls like them and where are they at? That's what I'm wondering like. Yeah. I'm down to fucking sign up fucking Dubai. I wouldn't sign the prenup. I would if I know I'm going into this fucking gold-digging marriage not sign and shit, but would like it like like you were saying hush money. I'll take the hush money, but it's To be it's certain amount. It's got to be like, how much is reasonable? Yeah, what's reasonable 200,000 more than average like so make sure you are bigger is more than that way more seven is a million. Right? No seven figures have been a million. You only want one a million on the short bus. We need calculators a million 5 million if she has 5 million. No, I want five like to just give away. Yeah for me. Well, you gotta ask for more bro. She's giving you a prenup. I want like hair Jewels like paintings that I know she has in her house that are going to go up in value fucking blood diamonds. Where's her money tree. I want her money tree that she grows. Where's the source of all this income. I used to work for a rich guy who like I sort of got his whole house is made of marble. Like it wasn't bricks. We've ilan's right. Yeah, but it's guys get like his own golf course on his property as I got weight and Brampton know in like the hills of Khalid and I oh fuck. Okay. No, this guy was rich rich rich triple Ridge. Fuck me, though. This guy's house. Like he had a pool on his roof. Like that's how big this motherfuckers house with what one of those is. Yeah, like the White House like picture the White House except better. That's where he lived more modern. Yeah with a pool on the roof and a helicopter pad what I didn't see no helicopter though, but there was a landing spot with the aah. Yeah. They know. Yeah sick is that I said cut this motherfuckers grass. He's a paying minimum. Yeah. Yeah, you work for what's called, but you know Spanish. Why are you cutting grass what I'm saying? Wait, he said it where Spanish don't worry. This is this is not racist Rose. I'm not a waiter than white. I'm clear. I'm so clear. The scientologists get mad. But no the race thing. Bryson rich people are fucking you know, you know where the rich people fucking dentist bro. I work with dentist all the time. No, they are the one doctor. It's the three three different meetings one was an R8 and then was a Ferrari and the other one was just like some stupid other car like a Mercedes. I'm so mad. Oh fuck. Yeah. Oh my God. So much and welcome to City Civic door doesn't even open climb through the window. Whatever. Dr. You have be a foot doctor and be like, I like feet that's my fetish, you know. Fuck show how much time we're at 44 minutes gang. All right gang. We guess we're going to cut it here for episode 1 and you can bring think he's can you pause it for a second? Cutting it though. Yeah, it's kind of all right everyone. Thank you for listening. This is a short bus podcast. I'm Sean. Yeah. We'll see you guys next time. We're here already.