If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say guilty. Say Garza. but also personal injury this episode's got a lot of talk about Tennessee beating Kentucky. We do 20 minutes or so on the Democratic primaries and some wedding advice. So let's get to the episode. I mean, this is the Last Stand you're listening to the unfiltered. Well, I hate to say I told you so there's nothing to be done besides to get on Twitter and tweet to all my dumbass followers, but I told you so hey She's to be controversial. He's the dumbass. He can't do math. He's an idiot. He gets his hair cut it Walmart. Look at that shitty here to the realest podcast in the Southeast let the dogs loose let the goons be goons 11 in a row 11 in a row 11 in a row enough as it started, but we were women Ranch gang stand up the holy war is upon us. Welcome to race ramps the podcast with Seth shoes, like just quit acting like this is any fun at all another edition of reads Ranch coming at you Wednesday, March 4th. Shout out to my brother. Happy birthday to my brother Seth use joins me down in Alabama. What's up? Use not much John happy birthday to your brother. I'm sure he will appreciate that. I hope you're having a good night. I'm still riding a high from Victory last night to be honest. Amen. Amen. That felt good like winning at Rupp. Arena is cool. It's one of the best feelings of being a Tennessee fan. It's it's in my top three Sports outcomes as far as being a Tennessee fan goes in terms of regular season games winning sure winning and winning it brought Danny winning at the swamp winning and rough or my top three man. It was awesome like it was just It was awesome. We were down 17 points. So before we get to the game, you take a win at Rupp basketball over a win versus Florida or Alabama and Knoxville. I think in just terms of pure like euphoric happiness. I think that like winning there's no better feeling than winning on the road. Like just in terms of like how happy one single game in a vacuum makes me like to me. Those are just like the three best feelings God just love winning Road games, right? It's just so sweet to win Road games. I go back and forth on it. Typically I go to more Road games at home games. Mmm. Titans of course just won a couple big road games in the playoffs. Those were really fun. We went to Athens to what store we didn't or you didn't I went to Athens when everyone in 2016. That was the I guess the last big football Road when I saw but I don't know if that ranks better than winning big games at home. It's just like go to more Road games. Basketball you're probably right basketball. You are correct. I believe football. I don't know. There's something about the the pandemonium. Oh, yeah, I mean like the leaving leaving Neyland in 2016 after beating Florida was pretty cool but beating Georgia with the hell marry on the road was pretty cool. I don't know if I would say which one was better plus. I mean, there's more context to those games. Obviously the street versus Florida plus the the dramatic fashion of the hell marry, so it's tough to even compare. I go back and forth. Sometimes I think Road sometimes I think home. So it sounds like you would take the road win a trip over football wins at home. Like in the regular season for this like how would probably I'm talking about just in a vacuum like the things that make me put me on the highest of highs sure in that particular moment, but like no, I would rather be Florida and football this fall over beating Kentucky last night in basketball, but like last night there it's just something about winning and Rupp. I mean, we how many times total have we won in Rupp? That was either the six times the seventh time. Okay. I was thinking it was the six that might have been the seven but less than 10 times total ever in the crazy thing is is that we've won there more than anybody else has they showed a graphic that was like the times Tennessee has beaten Kentucky at Rupp and it was 6, but I don't know if they had already updated it. I thought the game was still going on. It was so last night was seven it was going on when they showed that graphic. And like they said and this blew my mind was that Tennessee's one there more than any other program. Six-time apparently last night was the six. Okay last night was the sixth. I'm okay Barnes becomes the first UT coach to ever win their twice, right? Yeah, yeah, that's crazy. It's it Bruce Pearl only one there one time. I think I think I saw a boy Chef Donn say that Bruce Pearl is four and eight against, Kentucky. I mean you just in that team that team we have of all teams to go there and win come back from 17 points down. I mean, it was awesome. I John Fulkerson man. What a player I just keep using it every time I talk about it just a legendary performance. It was it was a it was a classic performance. It was it was an all-time great performance. He could not miss he had more points. points Then every single player on Kentucky on Kentucky's Frontline combined and that includes key on Brooks. If you want to throw him in the Frontline focusing outscored them all together Richard's Montgomery sistina and Keyon Brooks. He had more points than them all easily. I might add easily. I think they had like 18 or 20 points combined Nick Richardson had 12 points 8 of which were at the free-throw line. He had four points from field goals. I believe it's just Richards by the way, Richard. Yes. Sorry Richard's he had four he had four points and field goals. He was the the crazy thing to me was the only shot five times. Yeah. I mean, what were they doing? They couldn't figure it out. I thought Maxie was getting loose in the first half and then, you know late in the game. They were trying to dump it into Richards and just say okay go to work, but Pawn shut his ass down. I feel like pawns was on Richards a lot late in the game and pain shut him down and Kentucky's guards couldn't Couldn't get him easy looks and they couldn't score. I felt like Kentucky is guards just couldn't score last night. I know I know that when it mattered and the second half they couldn't score. Yeah, because I was going to say I felt like they couldn't shoot but I know that they were able to shoot some last night. I mean they went they went 6 of 13 from three, but it just felt like towards the as the game was winding down. They their guards could not hit anything. Well, they scored two points from the 12-minute mark the 6-minute mark, like that was all they give you two points. Not just Kentucky's guards Kentucky's entire team. It is insane that these teams let Pawns Square up and shoot the ball. like he seems to have a decent stroke when his shoulders are squared and he goes up and down when exactly it's like if I feel like if you made him do anything besides that you could you could take your chances and be okay, like just make them dribble once and shoot but Richards continually last night gave pawns the opportunity to collect himself square up and rise, and he ponds was three of three from three and he also, Take multiple 15 to 18 Footers and several day. He drawed a 15-footer when it was a two point lead vest Covey drove the Baseline found him and ponds finally gave Tennessee a two-possession lead. That was a beautiful play at and at the moment when it happened, it looked disastrous because that's covid left his feet and nobody looked open and then he found pons pons kind of just released and slid in and slid in the open spot and nailed the shot and then Pines hit a couple of Baseline Jays that were like 18 Footers were Richards. Just dared him to shoot you dared him to do the one thing on the offensive end. Like he can do over and over and over again, like you can't let them square up and pull up and they just continually let him do that just by James also had a absolutely fantastic second half. Which is good news for reads Ranch because we have always been Pro Joseph James. We have never given up on Triple J. And I've never seen people were calling for games to play over him those people little faith little to no faith. I mean we've never we we have been in July James Corner this entire season and finally it bore fruit last night. He had 16 7 and 5. I believe a group came up with a huge offensive rebound or a loose ball. I guess he missed a shot focus and kept it alive Josiah get the rebound put it back up for a six-point lead, which was really the dagger when he went up to 6 with a minute left to huge threes in the And a half when on a great pass from full course under ponds kicked it out to Josiah Josiah called it basically elbow extended and just nailed it. He had another three he had some awesome passes that one pass on The Fast Break where he kind of he went deep enough to where sistema had to choose between him or full course in as soon as he chose Josiah Josiah dumped it over him to Fulkerson focusing got the and one that was when we were down five so that cut it to two played great defense. He played great defense. What would you rank as the play of the game? I don't know. I mean the play where Fulkerson somehow kept that ball alive and James got it and hit the layup to go up 6 that play was just kind of a perfect microcosm of John Fulkerson last night. I felt like maybe his whole season just he basically is just as cliche as it sounds is out working. everyone else probably that just because that play that play was totally dead in the water. Like James had to hoist it up as the shot clock expired just to hit rim. And like I said, I really liked the play where Josiah James dumped it down to focus in and we got the three-point play to cut it to two. I thought that was a beautiful play. I believe that I believe that came off of a steel too. Yeah, I don't know I guess probably focus and keeping that ball alive focus on keeping the bottle of I thought pawns getting a focus and put back when he got double, you know, whenever he was getting tightly contested at the end of the game. You know Fulkerson. We had a really bad possession when we were up three. I think we're focusing just kind of stood at the three-point line jab step in trying to let ponds post up and we turned it over. That was the Josiah Jordan James charge the next possession. It feels like it was an exposition. It might be one or two later. But we almost did it again but Fulkerson spun took it to the rim missed but set up ponds for an easy putback to put Tennessee up 6. Yeah, they crash damage poison the crash down on folks and what you think about that charge college is I I was mad at the time. I mean, I don't know. I was mad at the offense of possession though. Yeah. Like I don't know if it was a good car not I didn't watch a replay of it. I was screaming in the studio as I was getting ready for the postgame show, but I was just mad that we didn't have a better offense of possession there where we just kind of stood there didn't do anything and then turned it over. So it was it was a very incoherent offensive possession. Yeah. I know it made me really mad. It felt like it was going to cost us the game at the time but it did not also want to shout out vests covey's he his still he had that led to his euro-step layup that put us up three. That was a big time play. Yeah, that that Euro Step. It looked like it was in slow motion when he did it and it worked perfectly. Yeah, because the Defenders are waiting for him to try to dump it down. Yeah, I think I got they were guarding the I don't know if it was James or ponds running the court, but they they sagged off and was trying to get in the passing Lane. So he took his time and like you said in slow motion stepped around and laid it up for his first bucket of the game. Um quickly bid on it. Bit bit bit on it big time. Not not a good game from from from quickly at all. Last one. I would point out would be a pain to the big three whenever they had come back to tie it up. Yep with about five minutes left. I think it was 53 253. Yeah and pons had another big three this one I believe was the one right and Richards face. It was it was and it was Phil's like it was from the same. Look on that Richards. What would you've done if if Bert were just said that? Oh fuck on that I would left I was. Cracking up on Saturday when we when the game against Florida and he said Crank that bus up to go back to Gainesville. He's just the best. He's the best that three by pawns was huge. And that was the three I was talking about when it just it blows. My mind. Richard's just consistently let him square up like just over and over he let him do it and it's like make pawns go off the dribble. It was pretty funny because you know, you see always puts out the highlights of basically every point we score. It was just non-stop money money money and then and then he just randomly through in a sweet and they're like, yeah baby whenever Jose I got that rebound and put back to go up 6, I guess you have to this team man. There's such a troll team right? It's they do this kind of stuff after you've totally swear them off. Big-time troll team you ready to I was ready to fire Rick Barnes. Shame shame on you. I still am. Because I'm a redneck but this team man, I like you have to give them credit. I'm not like just because they haven't quit. I mean, they really haven't quit just for the record. No one is uncanceled. Just yet. You gotta win against Auburn on Saturday. Yep. I agree last night was fun. We celebrate it was a season. It was the highlight of the Season. Obviously it will Salvage how people remember Josiah's freshman season. It will etch John Fulkerson into the into basketball War, Tennessee basketball lore. But it hopefully has to be a springboard or hopefully will be a springboard to Tennessee getting in the tournament. Because it's pretty frustrating when you see that Tennessee can play with anybody in the SEC. It makes some of the bad performances even more frustrating at least in my opinion. No, I mean I totally agree. Like how much would you give to have the Texas A&M game back? Well $0. I'm not giving 0 I'm not giving any money up. Oh, I know that but it mean you know what? I mean? Like there's yeah, I mean that was a shitty performance. That was bad. I would like another shot at Georgia. I would like to not let Arkansas just beat our brains in 435 of the of the 40 minutes. Yeah. There's a couple Like I would like to not turn the ball over against Florida State and maybe have a big time when there too. Yes Cincinnati as well. I mean like that Cincinnati win if they had beaten Cincinnati as it turns out that would have been a really really good win. Cincinnati is currently right there. I think I saw them as the first team out. Yeah right now on the bubble, but here you are you're sitting with two quadrant one wins. And like I don't even think Saturday is going to count as a quadrant one win. It definitely won't Saturday because if we beat them they'll drop out of the top 30 because they're 28 right now. Yeah, maybe though maybe Florida hopefully Florida beats, Kentucky. Yeah, and they could get in the top 30 and kind of be a trade-off there because I think they're hanging at 33 their 33 vcu's like 55 so vcu's five spots away. Like Tennessee just right there on the cusp of having, you know, doubling their amount of quad one wins and it sucks that Saturday is probably going to knock Auburn out of quad one win. If we were to win ass, like I saw last night a Purdue beat, Iowa on the road and that dropped I would have 35. So everyone that beat, Iowa at home had a quad one win in their back pocket thinking it was safe because I was pretty good. Nope. But I just miss the days of top 50 RPI wins to be honest. This is getting on my nerves man. It's so arbitrary like that's gotta be honest. I miss the days of the top 50 RPI wins 50 a hundred a hundred plus it was pretty simple and I appreciated it. Like I know that I know that the selection committee is not looking at it this way but on paper Tennessee's win at Alabama counts as much as their counts as much as their win at Rupp does Like they're stupid that is stupid and there are five Big East teams. There are five Big East teams in the top 30 of the net. There are three West Coast Conference teams in the top 30. There are two of them who are top 10 like we have Marquette like 25 and net. The Big East isn't that good? I mean like I'm not I'm not we'll Warren I'm not brother Wilbur and I just I just if I go by the eye test and what my heart tells me and what my heart tells me is that nobody in the Big East is worth a damn except Seton Hall. I'm not buying Creighton is being good. I'm not buying any of those teams of being good except Seton Hall and st. Mary's top 30 really because they beat Wisconsin in the very first game of the year. It's fake and gay bring back the RPI. You can have your little analytics will take the heart test. Yes. Yes, the eye and the heart test. That's what we're taking Camp. Pom Bart torvik net rating can all go to hell. I got the eye and the heart test. That's all we need. I guess all of it is a purely academic discussion. If Tennessee doesn't win Saturday if they win Saturday. They have to make it to Saturday of this C tournament to make the NCAA tournament, don't you think? So if they win Saturday, you think they have to win two games in the SEC tournament. I'm thinking so, what do you think I think to fill certain? Yes, but I think they'll be on the bubble if they just make it to Friday, okay? I think you beat Auburn you win on Thursday against to would it be Arkansas? Yes, I think so right now. And then you would be on the bubble. You would sweat it out do you get in I don't know, but I think you'd have a 50/50 shot. You might be like rooting for teams not to be, you know, have their bubble bursted you what I mean, like you'd be counting the at-large spit bitch. You basically won't Northern Iowa dating right you want those teams not to have their bit stolen. Yeah. That's the that's what I'm prepared for at least. But obviously yeah if you made it to Saturday you would be in you'd be in good shape you'd be in. Because you'd have another win over like Auburn or LSU. That's the way I got it figured out. Which is frustrating but it is what it is. It is what it is at this point. I mean, I it seems like this team has been buried and Left 4 Dead's it's so many different points of the season. I mean by me like me personally, I've just been like man this team just forget about them that you know, and here we are. It is March the 4th and we can still get into the NCAA tournament and it doesn't include winning the SEC tournament. Um, the bubble is truly So Soft every single year. It just goes to show you that there is no reason to not make the NCAA tournament. We need Texas to quit winning. I don't know if you saw the way they won yesterday. I did get them in the field. I love it. When a 78% free-throw shooter misses both free throws to ice the game at home. And then the other team Banks and a three. Every like says Shaka smart is saved his job, right? Yeah. Yeah, I mean as long as they finish the job and make the tournament hilarious. I love the shooter starting down the court beating his chest after banking a runner in that is one of my pet peeves like bro. You didn't mean to bank that like you could be happy, but I don't want the I don't want the beating of your chest. But it was a big win in Texas has got up off the mat mat, which is bad news for us. We needed it. We need that at large bid. Yeah the way I see it. It's like we need Liberty ETSU in Northern Iowa to win their conference tournaments. Yep, those three must win because I think that those three are all going to get in probably regardless. I could see that I could see the committee looking and saying hey, how about a Texas vs Tennessee play in game. I would take it. Yeah, yeah. little Barnes versus Chaka action I would take it you would hope the Tennessee would get a good treatment there because Tennessee has been a pretty good basketball school. The last thing about 15-20 years. Yeah, Rick Barnes has been a good basketball coach for the last 25 years. I said that to my best friend Luke this morning. I said, you know, I think Tennessee they built we built up a little bit of prestige. We got a little Equity with the with in terms of basketball. Like I think that we will get the benefit of the doubt assuming That we take care of business and that starts this Saturday. Against Auburn, that is the Hope. but just an all-time great when I just John Fulkerson, man. What can you even say? He's like it what can even say? Is he going to be the best returning player in the SEC next year? I mean like the pundit The Prestige media. I'm not asking about that. I'm asking about the on the heart test the on the heart. Yes. Yes on the heart. Yes. The key really might be the best player right in the SEC at least at least on paper. That is returning. Yes. Yeah. I mean, how can you not even like you gonna try to tell me like ik like you could make an argument I guess for like Kyra Lewis. Carol Lewis doesn't have the heart that John Fulkerson apps you can make you can make the case for like Isaiah Joe seems as if both of those guys are filling the heart test Isaiah, Joe doesn't have the heart the John Ferguson has or coincidentally the rest of the body because he's hurt. He gets hurt. John focus on hasn't been hurting literally years. We need to get his freshman year, but he's bounced back since then it has maybe made him stronger. But none of those guys have the heart. They don't have the chest as Les Miles was won't to say The testicular fortitude they don't have it. As one Mick Foley would say I mean just imagine the alley-oops were going to throw it to Brother John next year. The guy deserves to be first team all-sec for sure. There's a chance Josiah could be the best player in the SEC to I liked what I saw last night buddy. Awesome. You go into Robin you get that taste you get that little taste of how it's supposed to be. I mean if them to play like they did last night then um, you know, Tennessee like might be playing on Sunday of the SEC tournament Josiah Jordan James undefeated at Rupp Arena. It's true. Where's the LIE? Spot it you can't what that's not what I meant. Well, that's the thing is like if you look at the top of the SEC, I mean the who are the three best teams LSU Auburn Kentucky and I guess throw Florida and for number four Tennessee has beaten Kentucky. They have beaten Florida and if they you know, they're going to have a chance they're going to have to be Auburn on Saturday. Yep, that leaves LSU is the only team that we didn't really fare well against yep, but I'm not scared of them. No. No. Any other thoughts on the basketball team sad Jaylen Johnson? Two huge threes. We finally had some bench production that mattered to huge threes 0-0 hesitation in those threes last night catch release Swiss. Then he had the the dunk to bring it to a single digit score fun little game fun little game fun little game fun little time on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcast and one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcast for every topic including the one you're listening to right now. She's out to reads Ranch. What up Braves gang on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users. Download episodes to listen offline wherever you are and you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for reads Ranch on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of reads Ranch. All right, let's get to some Patron questions patreon.com reads Ranch. We got the baseball list filled up peers. We as if we have all 40 tickets now spoken for or looking forward to that as the Tennessee baseball team when they play Vanderbilt that might be a top 10 top 12 matchup. That'll be a lot of fun. Looking forward to that patreon.com slash reads Ranch. We also been playing basketball at least every Monday that's been a good time hanging out with our brothers. So patreon.com slash freeze Ranch out to new Patron you doing he's doing ginger ale are you drinking out of a straw? Yeah the metal. A metal straw like the metal straw. I do get a little silicon tip on it. Do you run into the dishwasher or what it comes with a little squeegee thing so I can clean it you put the squeegee in the straw. Awesome. Yes poor little Dawn dish soap down there and put the squeegee in and out. quick quick quick Do you wash your hands with that Dawn soap? Not the dish soap. I have like antibacterial hand soap at the same to okay. Well, that's a new new two-dollar Patron Tucker Cooper. Shout out to Tucker Cooper. Thank you, buddy. We love you, and we appreciate you. Before we get to some Patron questions you have any election thoughts. And he primary thoughts yesterday as Joe Budden surging right now. They're calling it Joe minam Joe menem. Yeah, I mean, I think it really just shows you that Bernie Sanders is at the end of the day just low testosterone. Oh, okay. He doesn't have it in him. He still playing nice man. He's still playing nice. He still how is he still playing nice? How is he not just absolutely just torn Elizabeth Warren to pieces. She is keeping him from winning the president from the Democratic presidential nomination at this point. She has not won a primary. She has not even been viable in a primary a people that were much more viable than her have dropped out to coalesce around Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. But Elizabeth Warren who comes in third in her own state? Cannot find it in herself to drop out and throw her support behind the other Progressive candidate in the race. And Bernie is out here playing nice talking about Medicare talking about like I mean, I you know, Joe Biden it is what it is like I mean, but when you see him up there on the stage. he radiates a sort of power and just He's magnetic in a way that Bernie is not like Bernie strength is also his weakness to me like he talks about the issues and he's always going to talk about the issues and the issues are what they are and he's never going to change. He's never going to change his mind. He's never going to flip flop, but that's all he ever going to talk about is the issues and Joe is going to get up there and he just going to kind of radiates positivity and just it's just Joe Biden is hot as high tea when he's up there in front of a microphone. Brother Bernard is not to his detriment at times and at times it's why brother Bernard is so lovable. Is it fair to say that Bernie is filling the heart test right now? Yeah, he's failing the heart test. I think really he has to go after Elizabeth Warren. like you Men, don't play nice anymore like this last hope though. I see I see when you say that I feel like his last. Hope is taking Elizabeth Warren supporters. So, I don't know if he can go after Elizabeth Warren because doesn't he need their her supporters? I mean so he comes out and sits on her like what that make the her supporters mad who they gonna vote for the gumbo for they're really gonna vote for the Centrist Joe bod. If you're truly Elizabeth Warren supporting and of of the Centrist Joe Biden over the place. No, no, it's it's a Fickle bitch. It's a Fickle bitch. What do you do? I don't know what you do, but I don't think sitting there looking weak as the answer. No, no better that. You might have waited too late to do it at this point. Now in a way Elizabeth Warren is the kingmaker, right? Well, that's what Donald Trump tweeted up. Oh he did. He wouldn't say King maker be said she's the ultimate spoiler basically like she's just taking up space and fuck to Bernie Elizabeth Warren's the spoiler part of me thinks that like, she's just been explicitly told by the DNC to not drop out. And to keep running because every little bit that she takes away from Bernie helps because if he was able to consolidate that support then it would help him immensely. Trump is on a rampage and trying to find the Tweet. Is this on a rampage about mini mic? So it's this is so good just completely shitting all over mini Mike Bloomberg. It's been so good. Wow, it's as if Elizabeth Warren wasn't in the race. Bernie Sanders would have easily won Massachusetts, Minnesota and Texas not to mention various other states are modern-day. Pocahontas won't go down in history as a winner, but she may very well go down as an all-time great spoiler is his tweet last. Lied about her drinking beer with her husband, maybe now she could enjoy a beer with her husband and then something about a liberal friendship between I don't even a said something about a liberal friendship so much for their wonderful liberal friendship. Will he ever speak to her again? She cost him, Massachusetts in parentheses, and she came in third. He shouldn't Speak to her again. Well, I mean you shouldn't where's the law? If you consider yourself Franzen that was happening, you know, I thought that you know, we talked about it. We thought that they were going to like do something that was just like blatantly just Shady to keep it from burning like they were going to force like a, you know, like a brokered convention or something and it's going to turn out that they're not even going to have to because Inexplicably places where Joe Biden didn't even campaign at he's winning. Yeah, it's tough. That's tough for Bernard. Like I fills the heart test that fills the word test dude Joe you let Joe win main you let Joe in Maine and Massachusetts and Minnesota. like that's that is failing the heart test. They don't even have to it seems like there. It seems like they had they're going to end up having to do more shady shit for Hillary to get it then they're going to have to for Bernie to get it. I mean for Joe to get it like, you know, if we thought they were really going to have to throw it. Like we're gonna have to just you know, really do some shady shit to make sure Bernie didn't win it and it turns out that they're not even going to have to because he inexplicably wins Texas New England and Minnesota Minnesota. I mean, it's it's something man. It's something then you got Joe go up there confusing his wife and his sister first thing. It was funny. I feel like they did switch places though. I feel like I feel like they fucked him there. I'm not even making fun of them like it was it was just fitting it was fitting. I didn't know how you know. He's done. All this surging Joe minimum has taken over with him basically doing nothing. Nothing absolutely hasn't anything that made people stop and say you know what? I'm on board with Baden he fucked up. The Declaration of Independence. Yep. He tried to quote it and he's like, oh, well, you know how it goes. This is loony. He's Little Joe. This was as of five minutes ago for the Washington Post top surrogates allies of Warren Sanders discussing ways for their camps to unite and push a common liberal agenda with expectation that Warren is likely to leave the race soon. According to two people familiar with the talks. So perhaps she is about to leave the race and Bernie will get her voters. But yeah, it's a good point. Joe Biden has done absolutely nothing. The only thing that's happened. Is that he won like the one state that was uniquely created and crafted for him to win which is, South Carolina. Like there's nobody as robot and winning the black vote because of Obama. Is that a sensor where that come from comes from? I don't know that's what happened in South Carolina. And that's what everyone kept saying was bonds gonna win there because the African-American Community loves him and I figured I didn't know I don't know why else people would like Joe unless it was just simply for the connection to Obama, you know, I don't know why. In particular black women love Joseph Biden so much. As I'm not a black woman, so I don't know I can't tell you why I think that Clyburn coming out and supporting Joe Biden giving his endorsement to Joe Biden a couple of days before or whatever like in a time where like endorsements really don't matter anymore as we saw in 2016 like that endorsement actually mattered because Cliburn has such a he has such a following with in the state of South Carolina. Yeah. Basically that one endorsement has gotten has gotten Joe where he's at right now. Yeah and like that endorsement actually mattered. And basically like he was supposed to win South Carolina this whole time like it's it was kind of astroturfed in the way that the media were like. Oh, wow, the one place he was supposed to win he won. So oh wait Joe's coming back. We have Joe menem, like which makes me think that Bernie is not as dead as people make it out to be because the media Let me tell you something about the establishment establishment media hold on before you do that before you do that. I just want to update our people that AstroTurf Inc is the practice of masking the sponsors of a message or organization to make it appear as though it originates from and is supported by Grassroots participants. Correct? Just wanted to break that down for our audience. We have had that phrase before. The Prestige The Prestige media The Establishment media the enemies of the Common People whatever you like to call them. They are basically equivalent to the goldfish that continually Rams its head against the Fishbowl. They have no memory. They have no long-term attention span like they are dumb. They're dumb. They're not smarter than me than I smarter than you John and I smarter than anybody else listen to this right now because everybody else listen to this right now is smart enough to be a patron and no Patron a stupid and so they like well technically people that are listening to it now may not actually be patrons. I mean like right now like right now laterally but like as they're listening to it. It's right now for them, and it could be, you know, Sunday afternoon, and maybe they aren't patrons yet. So maybe Can't say that they're smarter than the the mainstream National media. Just want to point that out. Hopefully this podcast boost their IQ little bit. So they'll cut the check for my family and yours will see will see her. Maybe they want to be on par with with the mainstream media, but you know, they have no but they are a heard they are a pack of animals running off a cliff. They just heard mindset type of mindset. You know, Joe Biden was Never As Dead As He was made out to be right because all it took was him winning the one state he was guaranteed to win which brings me to my next point that brother Bernard even with his lack of hearts. Isn't as dead as people make it out to be either. He could very well stage a comeback. He's not as dead just because the media has found like their newest thing to chase after mindlessly, which is Joe Biden, Joe Biden is very capable of making a huge mistake was they straight do we know I think like this Wednesday night, right? As in tonight right now wait, maybe it's next week. I don't know. I'll get the schedule as you as you go ahead you go ahead. You know, he's very he's very very it's March 15th. He's very very prone to making a mistake. Especially right there having another debate before the 10th. I just saw on Wikipedia March 15th. Well, they're voting for their voting and six more states on the 10th, Idaho, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota and Washington, so it kind of sucks for Bernie that he won't have a chance to argue with Baden before that. Yeah, if if you're if your brother Bernard you're basically saying I will take as many debates as absolutely possible on live TV. against Joe Biden Let's cuddle like like Mike Bloomberg. Why did Mike Bloomberg ever go on a debate ever do a debate? Like he should have never done the debate. Yeah, that was the end of him that debate in in the Nevada totally cratered his campaign. That was the end of it. Like you said like that was so dumb. Dude. You were just like what you were doing was such a naked and just you know in broad daylight attempt to buy the election why even try and do any semblance of like a good-faith thing by going on the debate stage don't Because is more less is more. Sometimes he got that American Samoa delegate delegate though. He had six full-time seven full-time staffers in American Samoa Joe Biden Edwin office in California. Bloomberg's just such a little cash Pig. What how can we convince them to care about Tennessee athletics? How how can we convince Mike Bloomberg to care about College athletics and in particular Tennessee athletics. He had imagined him being our major booster and just writing checks. Like it doesn't fucking matter. My man has been paying out the ass. Non-stop, he blew through what 700 million dollars seven hundred million dollars and imagine what he could do. If you just cared a little bit about Tennessee athletics. Can we get somebody to pose as a Make-a-Wish kids? Can we get somebody to go up there? Can we can we find our most attractive Tennessee fan? That's a woman to go up and seduce him and trap him in a sexual harassment lawsuit. Yep, my face after I'm tell a joke and take it the wrong way. What was it Mike Bloomberg said about Sharon Stone. He wanted her to sit on his face or something. That was his greatest wish in life was for her to sit up for do we know when that was was that after Basic Instinct? Do we know like when he said that I don't know when that was but I it was I believe it was that he his like his greatest wish in life was for Sharon Stone to sit on his face Scarface was the ugliest a huge Scarface fan, but that that that's there the same Basic Instinct when she shows off her. But yeah this again spreads her legs and Michael Douglas and all they were just sitting there. What a word John what a word that's worse than me saying gay. Let's see. I Googled and Googled. Okay, here we go. Hold on. I want nothing more is that it is If you looked like that, I would do you in a second. And I would like nothing more in life than to have Sharon Stone sit on my face. Okay. He knows what he wants. He knows what he wants. Yeah, I'm going on the debate stage is just a recipe for disaster obviously and that's the best way to blow 700 million dollars. There was Zero reason for him to do it. I don't understand why he did it. I don't understand but shout out to those consultants for getting paid. Like shout out to those guys for getting paid. I mean that was three months of just easy work right didn't have to do anything because he just basically just ran an ad after ad after ad after ad like yeah, I don't know. I mean, I just don't understand how Elizabeth Warren is still in the race. Really. How do you survive going third in your own state? You don't you drop out. Can you imagine a bigger repudiation of someone then like her go then going third in your own State man. The people that are supposed to have your back. All right. Let's get to some Patron questions right quick. Did you see anything that you liked lets me pull through and see if we can find these I think there were a couple good ones. But all these idiots in here just kept arguing with each other. Yeah users Zachary would like to know if you would rather see Marcus Smart when defensive player of the year or Jason Tatum, make an MBA make an all-nba team or for the NBA to go on strike for 2021 don't care about any of those. Tato make an all-nba team, but that was a pretty stupid question. But yeah, it's God. What an awful question. Let's take let's take an inside joke on the Discord and make it a podcast question. Good good shit Zach. Good job. What a basketball questions. Top four people AJ has the top floor favorite people to play basketball with that we go play basketball with I've been thinking about my squad. I like having new Zach on the team. He's a big man. He rebounds when I shoot. He always tells me good shot even when it's not a good shot. He supports me. I feel like that's an important thing to have as a teammate logi plays hard Loki's always down their battle in the paint. Sometimes getting a little To into it, but I like that in my teammates logi would be my my point guard any day. And by the way, I'm only limiting this to people. I've played multiple times with if you only come once your you haven't been on that list yet, so I got logi I got new Zack. Conrad I like Conrad on my team and I'll go with will warn will warn will warn runs the floor and hustles. Yeah, and he also tells me he also tells me good shot when I shoot surprisingly. No. Hey cumshot. No disrespect to Hank. No disrespect at all. That's about that would be my father. That would be my five. People that enable me to shoot a lot of deep jump shots. User more one would like to know to our crew of Pikachu's a crew of five from the Discord. We would want as a team survive a coronavirus. Nobody. I would want to be left alone. I want to be left by myself. Okay? Well, I'm gonna go a crew of five to survive. You're supposed to stay alone. A quarantine means you're by yourself. Yeah, this is not the definition of a quarantine to be alone and secluded. Yeah, I think maybe what he meant was like a Walking Dead type situation where we had to like fend for ourselves. I think maybe he I don't I don't think he knows what a quarantine is. Okay. Am I wrong? I mean the motor doesn't know the coronavirus does it turn people into zombies Marwan? I don't know if you know this. You're not wrong. What are we having to survive a quarantine? You just sit in your room? Like the five funniest people. I want to sit in a room with is that the question? Who can cook can anybody cook in the Discord Chef Donn can cook he can be in there? It's a second set out for him. He can cook he can hang out he can cook. Set out to him. So we got we got her. We got our Chef there. I wouldn't wanna be with you. I want to be with you. I'm sorry. I don't want you to be in my five. You would just make me nervous. You're very anxious person. I don't think sitting around with you for a couple days would be fun. I think you would always constantly want to be do something wanting to do something. You don't really seem like you could just relax, you know. Yeah, I'm I can't be rather high-strung. I think that's fair say yes. I don't think being quarantine with you would be a lot of fun. Okay. Well we can move on now that you should all over me. Would you oh we would like to congratulate brother Nick on he's getting married. Oh, yes congrats to brother day, September 26 2020 the same day the Vols host the Gators you would like to know is it too early to file divorce papers brother Nick, I would like to tell you know, your wife is smart because guess what we aren't going to beat Florida and now you can't watch it. We are going to beat Florida so good for you buddy. We are going to beat Florida and you're always going to have that as a memory of your wedding night I am very Pro getting married whenever the woman says she wants to get married. I am anti you can I don't know if this makes me a cuck or whatever you want to call me. I'm not into moving around weddings for football. There are no football games that big in my opinion as important as a wedding. Yeah, I agree. Super Bowl and the Titans made the Super Bowl I might ask like hey, but I mean at that point you only have a week ago. We could Advance this kind of got a bite the bullet but no one really gets married on a Sunday. Anyways, usually on a Sunday night, you know what I mean? Usually yeah, usually NASA championship games on Monday and SEC Championship Saturday, like I mean, I guess if Tennessee was still in there drought it looks like it might be the year. I might say. Hey, just FYI. Can we can we maybe do the week after in December? But if it was like firm, boom September wedding the only the only complaint I would have is that still going to be too hot, you know, I mean, I don't wanna get married in September it's too damn hot. But I'm not moving around Big Life events for football. But we are beating, Florida. We are beating Florida. Despite what Seth use loti Seth says we are not you sound very low T there Seth saying we're going to do the job for Florida and just take the pin in the middle of the Ring. Fuck that we're gonna win so you're wrong there. But you will always remember it all your groomsmen all your friends and family will be a TV there or they'll have their phones and you guys will celebrate and party after Tennessee beats, Florida. And you'll always remember it so Nick don't fall for divorce. Tell your woman you love her be thankful. She's marrying you and full steam ahead. full steam ahead and by the way I don't know if you've ever heard of it there's a thing called DVR there's a thing called DVR so if you don't what your people with their phones out and celebrating just simply tell them or take up their phones just say hey we're putting phones up we're locking phones up here some people are going to get mad about that but it's your wedding and if they're your friends and they're not assholes they won't care if I could put my phone up to go see Aziz Ansari do stand-up I could put my phone up to watch my friend get married you know what I mean and you just got to be cute if they're gonna call you an asshole just be like look I don't want anybody spoiling the game for me so no one about it this is my wedding request to you no one talked about it instead of signing the stupid fucking guest book and writing your name down that I'm never going to read or never look at I don't care about your well with this stuff your well wishes leave them keep them to yourself just simply sign an oath sign a contract this is what you do Nick you get a contract out you put a book out no one talks about the game at the wedding if you do and you get caught you owe me $5,000 sign it if you're coming in bada boom bada bing you'll watch the game on Sunday Saturday night I don't know where people actually having sex on wedding night these days does anybody know that is that still a thing happening I feel like every time I go to a wedding I'm always looking at the bride and the groom and I'm like these people will have to be exhausted they have to be exhausted how can they even have sex tonight they're going to be so tired their feet are going to hurt God knows they're going to be sweaty they're going to be sweaty I assume they've already had sex before that's just common these days Not to get you know not to not to talk about how it should be your back in my day or saving yourself for marriage. I just assume everybody's having sex these days not everyone but most people so is it really that specialist will have sex when you're waiting? There are people still doing that. I feel like oh my wedding day if I ever get married, I'm gonna be tired. I'm going to be coming down from probably drinking they're being sweaty being annoyed but having to take pictures of everybody and talking to everybody and I'm just going to go to when I go back to my hotel room or my house wherever I'm at take a shower and relax on the couch or the bed. That's what I think I'm going to want to do. So maybe fire up the old DVR there. Maybe do that. It'll be okay. Contract that's important though your thoughts Seth and I agree with everything you said. There's nothing possibly there's no other possible to add to that. You think people are still having sex on our wedding night. I imagine so I imagine some of them or yeah, I do you think it just feels like a chore I bet it feels like a chore. I bet it feels like something I bet. It feels like going out on New Year's Eve where you feel like you have to do it. Maybe that's New Year's can't sit at home. Like losers gotta go out and do something. Everyone says we got to have sex on our wedding night. So here we go. You're all sweaty, but let's just get by with it all you're drunk. You got whiskey dick. Ah, just get over with it. You finished. Yeah, let's go to bed. That's what's going to happen there. That's what's going to happen there. But anyway, I've never been married though. I don't know congrats to Nick on. Yeah, congrats of Nick. I'm telling him enjoying enjoy his wedding day. Enjoy it best of luck brother Nick. We contracts a good idea though. Take people's phones and have them sign a contract and you won't even know what happened. Just for the internet bro boy the internet. And then if they tell you at least you get $5,000 whenever you get to hear the Tennessee beat, Florida. Any other questions? No, I think that I think that's a good wrap up. Looks like I just solved next problem. You're welcome, Nick. Okay. I don't know. I haven't really screw up the questions. I thought there was another going though, but let me see drop before we go now. That was the question from Nick. We already got that one. Preston ask what the worst natural disaster is that seems important as Preston, but we love our people in Nashville and we're and Cookeville and all of all of central Tennessee as the news has been calling it. We hope everybody's okay if we can do anything to help let us know. Troy asked if we'd rather have it all American next year Jaden Springer Harrison Bailey. I think the answer is obviously Harrison Bailey no offense of Troy. Always give me the All-American quarterback. It seems kind of obvious plus we have Josiah Jordan James and John Fulkerson. So, you know, not really going to need Jane Springer anymore. All right, that's good for me. Let's go. Love you, buddy. Love you. See you. Yeah, watch out put them to sleep. Isn't me fucker the beat look at that. Look at that. Look at that age. Look at that and I came up made a cash flow put a break struck through the valley. Look at that. Hey, look at that age, but a big butt and I asked Trey see The Wristband doing ballet. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Look into my eyes. EC @ @ @ look at how I came with. Game for the best look we came from roaches and rats. I never fun, but I ain't going back. No freestyle. Nigga just got paid a lot of money fight like Rampage a nigga. Try ain't let me say my grace and roll another blunt a sense of Faith. Hey big bag of the flowers is just ain't gay. I don't want to hit your shit food. Great. I'm below nigga ain't pop shit lately. I pop out to hymns on the Mercedes pull up any wild won't like Katie said nigga sit with the drip no drainage never been extorted and don't make payments bet. You're fucking up the road. I paid the way. Way show you how to ball nigga play play Liliana Kate. Let's say today Batman, but who saving me hit it on light. Huh? Moving they can never shake my moment taking no break. I'm zooming Westside throwing if the dog was I know I ain't losing a look at that. Look at that. Look at that a look at that. I didn't came up made it cash flow put a break struck through the valley. Look at that a look at that a put a big butt and I astray see The Wristband doing ballet. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Look. that over to wrap over there I'll handle a chat border is I'm gonna be for the slap over the stand on a money I'm Shackled he slipped and I know they wish and I felt looking like I just hit a lick on the elves make it just been a whole practitioner shall I keep trying to get a pic what a surprise wait watch I throw the bait only sushi on days Mighty that could be for Taste but I need my name with a great way before I hit the gate slow taking my place I do it it takes the look at my face ain't nobody say we'd only ones that made us stand on me no favors still with the team you traitor never give a fuck since day one heading on like I'm overweight they can never shake my moment bit taking a break I'm assuming Westside throwing of the door because I know I love that look at that look at that look at that a look at that Anna came up made a cash flow put a break struck through the valley look at that look at that a put a big butt and I astray see The Wristband doing ballet look at that look at that look at that look at that