The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out. Who has killer knowledge? After being in and out of a boys school in Indiana Manson eventually found himself living with an aunt and uncle truancy became an issue for young Charles, but it wasn't long before things. Got more serious. Manson got caught stealing from his uncle on Christmas day in 1947 when he was just 13 years old. What did Manson get caught stealing a money be a gun see? cigarettes a gun it was after that incident Manson was returned to the boys school, but he ran away again. What did Charles Manson first get arrested for as a child a arson be assault see burglary. Burglary is the right answer at the time. He was with a friends uncle when the police caught them at a grocery store in Illinois at 13 years old. He was then sent to the very strict, Indiana boys school. While at the Indiana boys school Manson claimed he was severely bullied and assaulted in response. He developed a defense mechanism in which he would Screech and wave his arms to scare off his attackers. What did you um Charles Manson call his defense tactic a the insane game be the bully gain. See the screaming game. Charles hoped the insane game would give him leverage and convince anyone trying to attack him that he was crazy and would leave them alone. Twenty-six-year-old. Manson would find himself imprisoned in Mcneil Island Washington, and that's where he learned to play an instrument from famous. Depression-era. Gangster Alvin. Creepy. Karpis. What? I meant did he learn to play in prison a piano Be guitar see harmonica? B guitar is correct. What religion did Charles Manson reportedly spend a hundred fifty hours studying a Christian Science be Mormonism see Scientology. Scientology is the right answer. It's believed Manson studied Scientology from a cellmate in Mcneil Island. It's even been reported that he declared himself a Scientologist in the summer of 1961. But in reality was never an official member after auditing the religion The Story Goes he declared it to crazy. What influential 60s rock band did Manson allegedly want to join a The Beach Boys be the monkeys see the doors? It is the monkeys a monkey's member. Micky dolenz confessed. It was a joke. He made that got interpreted as fact. Now in March 1967 at 32 years old Charles Manson would be released from prison and finally make his way to California, but he had one request before being released. What was Manson's request before being released a he wanted to stay in prison be he wanted his record cleared. See he wanted his cellmate released to A is the correct answer. He wanted to stay in prison since by this time. He had spent more than half his life Behind Bars. It made his prison cell feel more like home than any place he knew. All the hippie culture at the time boded well for Manson's unconventional lifestyle and love of hallucinogenic drugs and he began attracting groupies soon. He was pushing religious philosophies on them, which spiritual figure did several followers soon compared to Charles Manson a Jesus Christ be the Dali Lama see Muhammad. Jesus Christ is Right Manson began talking about the end of the world and the Judgment of humanity, which only pushed their comparisons to Jesus more soon Manson and his family of six women moved towards Los Angeles settling in various areas. This is when Manson's interest in being a singer songwriter comes into play, which member of The Beach Boys. Did they meet and move in with for a summer. a Dennis Wilson be Brian Wilson see Carl Wilson Dennis Wilson is correct. He met two of Manson's followers when he picked them up hitchhiking on Sunset Boulevard and took them to his rental home little did he know the entire family would eventually show up and stay. What was the name of the ranch where the Manson family would become famously based a Topanga Ranch be spawn Ranch. See calamigos Ranch. Spahn Ranch is correct. Now the Spahn Ranch was an old 55-acre movie Ranch used for westerns in Chatsworth, California. And it's where Manson would settle his family and really begin to push his Armageddon conspiracies. Thank you for playing killer knowledge with us play along every Tuesday and test your own true crime knowledge skills on this show will all learn something new. Let us know what you thought about today's episode by leaving a review wherever you're listening and by reaching out on Facebook and Instagram at Park asked and Twitter at Park as Network. You can also listen to more episodes of killer knowledge and other par Castor Originals on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. I'm Carter Roy. Come back next week to hear who will become the next True Crime expert.