What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit. Some flour on top of the stove / borrow it yeah, you stole it. Did ya ever ceases his underwear? What can I do? Do you ever feel like, haha. Yeah, I'd never done that before. Okay. I don't be going to so flower. My my my my my Sister lot. Well know her husband. He had a seizure hearing the song. I guess he was shocked. Yeah, he was really laughing because it made me laugh all the time. That's not funny bro. He he even laugh about it. That's what I feel like I can. Okay. What now? He was really high. I guess he was just he smoked a lot at the time like I had the moment and he was like in there like in the car just chilling and this song came on for some reason you started out as like it is to say I don't know. And the reason I laughed it because he thinks it's funny cuz he told him they were laughing. All right, and yet it every time I'm like every time we're watching. A really big car just passed by fast car. Yeah, that was like sorry. That was scary. It was probably thing was going fast. Yeah, so we're watching on spider spider the multi-room spider-verse. Yeah. Oh my God. I'm gonna there we go watching that. You know, how like, that's like the theme song Don't movie. It's a great movie Sky love it. Yeah favorite Spider-Man friend. I like. Alright, let's finish this out. Okay. I'm sorry time I played I get every time we're watching this movie like we watch them one time and his name is Diego. I'm like yo, yo close your I'm going to shut your ears because you shit now. We always have a crack at it like it. So it's very funny. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah my favorite Spider-Man or my favorite Spider-Man movie or are you? Okay? Are you like a ton of AG? Why are you like? Imma I'm a hardcore. Are you hard core Tom Holland Tom Holland all the way. On quarter I did like toe because that's the kind of like spending I grew up with way too old to play Spider-Man weights. You like emo. He's a pussy. Yeah way too much of a pussy is not goofy enough Let's see Spider-Man. Yeah, he's not goofy enough. Nope. Yeah. He's a pussy man. Yeah, but it but he's an OG. Yeah. Yeah thought you respect them your spell. Yes, ma'am. He was the first one to some of those waters. You know, I thought Andrew Garfield is way too cool to be Spider-Man's. Yeah. He's just smooth like when at what he was spitting game at Gwen Stacy. I thought to myself like I want to be like you and nobody this dilemma Stone and why are blond? Oh my God. I think I must own security already. But with the blond hair bro, dude fire fuck. She's she already said that kissed. Okay security but I think she's really cute like easy a Venezia came outside who yeah, but that Bond here and slide of a different story fire. We're talking about fire not long ago. We were watching Guardians of the Galaxy. We were we were and I said something and I'm glad you agree with me because people think I'm a weirdo for this. No I said, I think so. I think Zoe Saldana is beautiful AKA good more firm. Garlic a good more. I think she's gorgeous and potassium than green. Alien. He conks dog dog, bro. What? Um, it's called Do Ya for some reason when she's green hundred times re when she's good. She's green like a Schoolboy. Okay. Okay, is she when she big when she gets like this alien green on her skin. She becomes like a heart attack heart and I don't know why it's the redness the red hair and the green and cooking the ready Christmas tree. I don't know bro, but I see. Like if she were to have like a different color hair, it wouldn't it would have been the black and red compliments that green skin really bad and that beautiful face. I heard sounds of acid on if you're listening to this, which I know you're not I'm taking the day we were married. All right, let's cut this cut it out here. Yeah, we're gonna be yeah, so I think she's beautiful already, but for some reason when she's green, she's green. How are ya what would you do? I would I would I would I'll be eating some green eggs and ham you know saying oh shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What yeah, what about you know who's actually really hot as a girl who plays nebula. Really? Yeah, she's the she's already talking about. She's the redheaded girl from Jumanji like the new German. Yeah. She's hot. Her name is like awesome. I don't have forgotten like something you Gillard or something like that Karen Gillan, I think isn't it? I don't know. She's really hot though. That's actually not be like an idealist met with some research after this. Yeah, and she's film it's pretty hot. It's cool. Excuse me. Have you some water? How was your week to same old bullshit? Right? I mean same old great life right last night. Everything is really good. I mean like my week is always like very consistent like weekday wise actually know we had a really good week money. We had a foot saw right to I should have played on Monday. We wanted to play soccer. I know you like fuck that might we drink dude. It's already fucked. It's still swollen. I shouldn't you find my no no and then Sunday you guys want to go play I didn't I had a family came over so I couldn't Sunday Tuesday my buyer Tuesday. Yeah, you know and when I say I'm down for something or I'll be there when I have a commitment, right? And they're always you're always one of the guys that we count on them. Like if you yeah, it doesn't matter what it is if you're always in exactly. Yeah, but there's something about having when family comes over and it's like one of those things that it's really hard to get out of ya and this case like yeah, I don't know how to get out. Yes. I wanna come over. Yeah then Wednesday good at poker night. We did with that Wednesday or Thursday night was Wednesday. Was it Wednesday? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wednesday was poker night was a lot of fun Thursday. But earlier I didn't see you yesterday. What do we do Thursday Mana? Did you come over to my house? Yeah, well we were separated till Saturday night. Oh, I try to be as good week when started this week, you know the Catholics out there shoutout. So what is that? I don't know what that is. If I'm not hung up in the classic Catholic household. So lent is pretty much the 40 days up until Jesus gets crucified which Easter the day he resurrects is Easter. Uh-huh. So if that's don't quote me on this, by the way, I just yeah, that's what I know, you know. And nights and you know prayer, you know, it's like a really spiritual time. Yeah, so What's that? Like what we do like tradition is like we tend to give something up or you know saying so and then we need me. Okay, some people like some people fast on Friday like our Good Friday's Holy Friday stuff like that. Yeah. So like we don't eat meat, you know, I'm saying so like fishes you need to go to you know, cuz that's like what they had back then so fish people some people fast like half the day. Yeah, so I've been I didn't eat me on Wednesday and it was Ash Wednesday, and and I didn't eat me. I didn't eat meat on Friday. Okay, but Not a problem for me because I love seafood and I love fish and I love shrimp. So this is not this is not an issue for me. Yeah, we were talking about. Yeah, so I can go like and I'm like, yes, it's Friday. I could eat shrimp today and I'm saying that because I don't you eat it. Usually because my doesn't like that stuff but not have an excuse. You know saying yeah, I got easier not. Yeah. I'm like, she's that you were I don't like when you eat fish. So I'm like, yeah. Well the Lord does and I'm gonna be fish today. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, so I tried something new on Friday. Oh you did. Yeah. Yeah, I had a some new food and I didn't think I was going to like it and I don't know why I tried it. So I was on lunch and I don't know what to eat. Right? Uh-huh. I had it was on Friday and I was like, I'm not in the mood to just go to shrimp because obviously I was like, I'm not in mood or fish tacos got adverse Shockers literally on Wednesday. Yeah, so I wasn't really in the mood for fish tacos again, right and there's like like when I get fish tacos, I go to singer Baja's like right down there by Rite-Aid right great fish tacos, by the way, if you like fish tacos, but they're amazing. I don't like seafood fuck you and I pull up and I was like I was going to put a logo and I was going to get a regular. So how did you see that boy local? Okay. I heard something. I overlooked. I'll put the local. Yeah, I heard you like white in that sorry. I'll Pollo Loco. Yeah a Polo Loco. So I was heading that way to get a salad. Uh-huh. And I was like what that's like to stand I saw that I saw like the sign on cars like the ones I've done the windows or whatever and okay that's pulling up. I saw the sign I called you and said try our New spicy fish sandwich. Okay, I hear that I think about shit. Yeah, like oh, that's how everybody everybody just heard that one. Yeah, so I was like, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's give that a try that point. I was like screw the salad. Okay, let's get the spicy fish salad, uh-huh parked cars jr. And I welcome the car Junior. What can I get you like? Hi. I you know what? I hate about that question. Hateful that Carl's jr. They'll play like a message like thank you for choosing clothes. It's like a guy or yeah, shake and we like it like this. Thank you for choosing Carl's jr. Would you like to try our new Avocado Burger today and high domestic be like? No. Thanks. I'm good. And it's like, okay order when you're ready. I'm like what the fuck? Who is that? That is what does that mean? I haven't seen you like to order and I was like, no thank you. I don't you ready? I like the fuck. What the fuck and I was like, oh I was like, can I just Get the spicy fish sandwich, huh? So I my head I'm like, I hope the fish isn't spicy. You don't like it. That's why I was scared of her. Okay. I hope it was like a like a sauce to put on it or whatever, right? Yeah look at the sandwich and it's exactly what it was is a spicy tartar sauce. Okay? Okay. Okay, dude. It was fucking good. Like it was really good will not attend how good we're talking about respite for a for a fish sandwich. How does Junior out of Carl's jr. That's probably not really fish. Ya know how to give you like. It probably came out of like Powderized cash back or something. Yeah, I do. I would give it like a solid like six point five. Okay. It was it was like confident six-way was decent. Okay, and I like cause you just fries so that kind of helps as well. They're okay, huh? Yeah, they're pretty good. But the the spicy tartar sauce, it was good, man. And I didn't know I was gonna like it, you know, and then yeah, I'm grossed out. Like I've got like filleted a fish is from like I like the little fish. I used to have long. John. Silvers all the time, but the the hush puppies they had were really greasy, but they were really good. But do they were fuck my stomach up? Yeah, man, you're playing with all I had an alien life on the edge. I used to play on Fridays in Norco and I want it was during Lent and I had Long John Silver's for the first time in years and I had an extra order Hush Puppies the oils that they have in these things dog. I couldn't even play I Was shitting on the porta potty I kid you not for the whole first half logging them. Are you Horrible, yeah, you too. Are you taking a shit in a porta potti Summer and the heat of Summer? You know what I when you come out you're like, it's a fucking Saint up in that bitch or it's a song of the anyways, I yeah, not that I don't like you get up and you're like ass cheeks. You're like the seat cover comes up with your ass because the house like, you know what Lampe and I'm really glad I'm saying this. Okay. I don't remember the last time I took a steaming shit. It in a porta potty. Oh, wow. Yeah. Well, fuck me. Yeah, I will I will shit in a trash can before I should've ha ha ha ha. Yeah. I don't remember the last time I really was because I did the construction like I did a construction. I worked in construction about a year and a half ago. And those are like the because we would work like on Main Street so we couldn't really yeah. There's no really no really. Yeah. So the company would provide us with the porta potty where they clean or not. I mean they were they were just for us like we would have locks on them. Just oh that's not true. So then we're clean. Yeah, but this is like Moreno Valley mid summer hot hot here a hundred hundred plus. Yeah values my way whilst he had this small boy. What sweaty at me sweaty dude, like fucking yeah, it's horrible. Yeah, I don't know. So when you share in the porta potty, do you actually sit down? Yeah, I mean like you put like you are you the ones like if you use a public restroom, do you cover that bitch? Can I be honest with you? I cover it like oh, hey, I was view really scared. I want my technique is my calls about him and make you go to the doctor. Like, you know, yeah, that's why I got pimples on my ass. Huh? My technique is I got paper or wipe down the seat. Yeah, and then I put yeah of paper and then I put the tissue that little love the little cover the seat cover they provide you with. Oh, oh, yeah. Before I even made a Seeker we all right. Let me ask you this very odd that beautiful paper where your balls and your dick is yes. Okay. Good. Yeah. Did you had what you let your well was telling you like it? That's all I'm asking you what you're dealing testimony sure. You're doing it that the proper way you let your ding ding dong. I know I cover I do I feel safer when I when I cover it with paper not the actual like did yeah, I don't have because the tissue tends to like flop around and yeah, and I putting paper legit, especially where my my cock hangs, right? Yeah, and it doesn't hang. I'm just saying if it would hang that's where I wouldn't exactly. Yeah, exactly. But yeah when it comes to public restrooms and I won't let me ask you this. I read a study that apparently like What was it like 33 percent of males 60-something percent of like women wash their hands after using the restroom. Now be honest with me. Whoa, 33% of man. Yes, although only percent that they wash their hands. Yeah fucking disgusting or something like that. Yeah along those lines, you know, it's funny. I sometimes I'll be in the restroom and I'll be like I'll be taking a shit. I'll be going to paste right and do the walk in take a leak grab their schlong a dog right take that. Let me ask you this. Is walk out bro? Can you take a piss without touching your CAC? I don't know what I think so. Yeah. Yeah, I could take it. Yeah, you never done that but my pants down in his ship Lobster. Yeah. Yeah, it's not so long it took to the urinal what I mean. No. Yeah, I could yeah, actually yeah way to finish this study though. None of you got my schlong. No. Yeah because like my question was like like like like all bullshit aside being be 100% honest with me here. How often Or do you sincerely wash your hands? What do you ask every single time? You wash your question. Do you want to do your wash my hands? Which one is it? Do you wash your hands every single time you go to the restroom you want an honest answer? Yes, and I'm going to say this very closely. Yes. Do I wash my hands every time I use the restroom piss or shit. Hell, yes. Okay, every time I do know you do much with especially with like all these germs going right now coronavirus nothing mom. Shut up. First of all, you don't show me everywhere I go right every time OK Exede. Hmm. So what's scary because you know, what about, you know be honest. Okay, when I share your nasty bastard when I shit what can check this out when I my other piece I wash them every time except when I shit, you know what I said, I don't wash no. No, this is this my point when I came up to like if you pee like sometimes I can piss without even touching my shit. Yeah. Yeah, but here's the thing you still are and I only told and I'll move to fucking and I only I swear I only do this when I'm at home. I am I home and if I'm in public if I'm a restroom like public restrooms or go to other people's houses. Damn. I really fucked my did you fuck yourself? That's disgusting. Yeah, because look at dudes are gonna public restrooms and I let's say okay, I don't do that. Okay. I have to hear me out. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm trap dudes ago to public restroom. Yes. Let's You take a piss without touching their we mean, right? Hmm, they go in there and stick the piss they walk right out if I call him out. I'd be like yo, bro. You didn't wash your hands. You copy without know I am I but not well and the but well, bro, I don't touch my cock. It's not about touching your cockroach about what you touch before before you touch the car. Come on put touch after you touch your gun because you don't touch your car. You're still touch the door. Yeah, I think about all the other days. I didn't touch your cock and leave that door. You know I'm saying, yeah or the do that did tester cocking touch that door because it's not about About it's not about you know, I wash my hands because I test my weenie or I laud media that has to do with it. But you wash your hands because you touch a shit you touch your wiener you touch the doorknob you touch all that shit right? Let me ask you this when you do wash your hands because I know you don't wash your hands every time you just a minute to me when you do wash your hands. Yeah after you wash hands when you dry your hands, do you throw the paper away or do you use that paper to open the door? Oh and I actually use it open the door when you do actually yeah. No, that's what I'm saying to like if I'm like. I do that when I'm like in a public restroom. Okay, you get me so the you're telling me I shouldn't piss on your house anymore because that doorknob was probably filthy. Yeah, I use the I use paper towels then when I open that door, I mean if you want to think about it like that damn, I'm just not going over really fuck myself. Yeah, that's disgusting. Yeah, that's me being straight up. I feel like this it's going to be honest some of the nicest restrooms. I've been in or when I worked at Kohl's a cold. Yeah a story, of course way back in the day. Okay, do they have a really nice restrooms in there? Like really and I would take shits comfortably in there like led to the point where like that had the Spencer towel dispenser act like actually work but the Stoke soap dispenser, like actually we're very fortunate shoots. Yeah, very nice restaurants some of the worst restrooms. I've been in Dodger Stadium, I've never been wasn't that bad talk you you're wearing a Dodgers. Tellin ya right. Now if you if you're shooting in Dodger Stadium, you better have to go shit like you better and I hate Ross is not worth it. Yeah. Okay, and I hate I hate I hate when there's urinals. I'm maybe I'm self-conscious. I don't know maybe I just want people looking at me. Yeah, when the all these journals like back-to-back next act up to each other. Yeah, and you should go up somebody like you're like shoulder shoulders taking the leak. Because if you look down at your ween, you can see the dudes we next to you or at least I mean, I'm a small do too but at least one like, you know, the divider thing the one that separates it there's nothing wrong. There's like oh there's nothing to oh, it's just all waffle. Yeah and you want to hear a funny story once I was like this land. I really have to piss. Okay really had a pistol huh? So I go and I just like fuck it. I'm just going to pull up this fucking Journal write a my stomach was bloated and shit and I'm going P and there's a bunch of dudes in there. Right? Obviously. I'm in the men's restroom. Yeah, you know and yeah. Start peeing, right? It's quiet and everyone's like doing that thing and like this dick do till you do to my life dear to my right and I'm peeing on at the zero not mmm start peeing and you know, it comes out first off. Fuck. Yeah. That was me. This is like two years ago. Then your farts. Yeah, you push it you tend to let one out. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. I already farted. So I just keep peeing and bring back again. How was it? Yeah, everybody looked at me something has laughed at me and I was like, fuck it. So yeah, that's funny. Yeah, I'll be I'll say this though when I'm taking a piss on it's a they're like lined up like that. I don't care. I don't mind like going in the middle one. That's how much I don't give you this black guy. Yeah, I don't I don't give a fuck. I would do it myself but I would do it for the guy next to me. Yeah, I do it. I don't know. It's just you know, what pisses me off is when you're on the wall and you're using a urinal and they're all open and the doodle go all the way down. Just get running series. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's fine hate that. Yeah. I hate that psychopath. They want to see your cock for sharing. Yeah. Yeah, dude. Just what put out puyo, you know that for used to doing felt like a shot to put why should I miss you? Put ya miss to Doug, you know, he's to do is to be like peeing next to someone. Oh, yeah, we talked about this. Yeah. No, but like when he would walk away from somebody. If you guys would be like and as Freckle like walk away from their dog, but he was like are you like you're welcome. But hey, he's what he was saying some shit like not like you're packing a babe. Like you're confident. Uh, anyways walk away. Yeah. I hear it's tasted like that. Now you have a fuck public Russians are there they're fucking disgusting. They're horribly disgusting. Yes. They are 100% So me and my wife we like to watch. Botched there's no point. Oh, yeah. No, botch this way would say botched. That's what you said, right? Yeah, I could hurt us. Okay. Yeah. We like to watch that. That's a plastic surgery show, right? Yeah. Yeah, so I wanted to I wanted to bring this by you at least ask you so I want to ask you something. Okay. If you were like in a position where you can get any type of plastic surgery, what would you do like anything open range? I wouldn't get anything. Okay, let's let's be a little more just for the fun of it. Maybe maybe it's an exact but we do we talk about this or not. Yeah, you said if you had to change something, I don't know yet. I did if I could shower thing dude, honestly, I wouldn't want any plastic surgery done and that's me being legit. I I don't know. Yeah there goes exactly the same question I asked. Wait, this actually sounds really yeah, but it wasn't part of surgery you asked if you can see if I could change something up and now it's like plastic surgery because I've watched and I've seen all these like situations where these are people in our far. There's some people have so much best surgeries like the hanging feel the nerves like their nerves don't even work in their faces. Yeah. Are you intellect those huge ass titties? Like no human dealers like fucking watermelons know that's not sexy at all. No sound is might be some of these are no I know there's because they like they bring them up or whatever. So it's been to do that our answer. Yeah, because I mean, that'd be like their boyfriends are the Watch below while of my wife's, you know, giant ass. Why doesn't Cece's yeah, you know, I don't know things. But if you suck your file, you're fucked. You're fucked sucking isn't always bad though. Why like like a life? You know you learn from your mistakes, right? Yeah. Look Sam. You didn't like that? Yeah. That makes sense. That's a good thing sucking doesn't always suck. Sometimes it pays off to be the sucker. Yeah, exactly. You learn from lives. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I see I wouldn't really what are you would you get something that no, I mean I this would I make my cock you did I watch this video on YouTube like the whole like Vlog squad or whatever. What is that and like blocks for like the David dobrik scar? You told me you didn't really you are I felt like there were heavy did. But his videos at least that's content. Fuck that guy. Yeah. Alright. Okay. So there's there's there's there's this guy his name is Jason - okay, and they still like vines or whatever put the point is that he's made a video where they go someplace. I think like in Beverly Hills or whatever. Hmm and this is place where they can legit make a cock bigger. Wow. Yes, like a cock enhancer. Wow treatment. Wow, nice. He did it. Yeah, he like makes a video like of him going and stuff like that that his cock it bigger. I mean to show his cock. Well, what's the point of the video? It's just funny because like the like the the doctors were there like they roast them and stuff. What if us like left in he goes into this place right now, you know what to do this treatment and it's just like every week he goes but the doctors is Jackson off every week what that's like a teddy coggan. They're just playing this is bullshit with dr. Jack this dude. Whatever and they go like it has like a little like not a prank but like a scary kind of a thing. He's gonna like he goes in for like a consultation this and that and he has a lady that's like, you know, like doing his thing. He's like, have you ever seen a dick smaller than mine? And she's like, I seen that dick the equivalent size of yours. Oh, yeah, he was like My she's like I've seen one the similar size as yours and he's like he's like, what do you mean everybody's around it just like everybody's like I said Frank is all his friends are like there and they're like, they're saying you do the smallest Cog dirt. He is this world's smallest pocket dude. That's that's when you're already getting. What are you getting at this? What was the point of this not be caught because you weren't you you were telling me and if I want All right. Would you rather have a huge hog? Caja got a pair how to figure out. Hey. I have see game. They fucking met Ali Run Dog Run the stadium. Oh, really? And it's a falcon actually welcome big-ass fucking Falcon dog. Let's just go around the whole California Condors over there. Yeah. Those things are huge. My his dad went to like this bird like this bird. Like what is it was it? Yeah, like and as I call these birds bro. Yeah Birds. Ooh, they had some fucking big as you saw those pictures, bro. Yeah, dude, it's looking real good Pokémon, dude. They're fucking huge ginormous. Yeah, man ginormous. So I bring back to my question. Would you rather have a huge cock? But not last that long but have like a love like a low lasting or have like a small loan that I have a little lasting. Yeah, but have a small cock but you know you put some work in. I mean, I think this is a question for me. Well, I don't think this is question for me because I'm getting mine. Anyways, you know, I was there. It don't matter to me. You don't say ha. Ha ha ha. Yeah. Yeah, I think I'm like in the middle. This isn't a question ask me. I'm not gonna I have to ask you a question just because a bunch of I saw a bunch of people posting about this. There's like this like big NASCAR race this weekend like that big races. NASCAR - man. It's called her name - Tom you in a NASCAR am I to NASCAR? Yeah. I like my formula one before I wash like me are not to be fucked up. I know some of these cars are badass and really going super fast in that super respect for every single one of these NASCAR drivers. I'm just not my cup of tea bro. I think it's boring. I feel like if I would even like give it a shot like watch it. I think it'd be fun or if I'm like, I don't know. They're yeah like those cars look fast. They like I think that's a little more me saying they're like sitting there and watching this fucking race. I can't do that. Yeah artist cool though. He go by it's not my cup of tea, bro. Yeah. I know people who like sit down and watch. What's this fucking cars go in circles for hours, bro. Are you referring to somebody? I think I know no. No, that's about this one of the disease work with a Mercedes. Okay loves NASCAR Broly fuck loves NASCAR and he like you have a friend who's like he like he's kind of into as far as I know and this motherfucker collects RC cars. No, but he's into like know what time I ever he's into like legit racing though, you know, I was like NASCAR like do like like you make like dude his like they're badass like his uncle all Races, but they do like like rally cars almost. Yeah, they like in dirt tracks bro. Okay, it's do he's an easy show you the videos like yeah because I was like nah, it's not like I'm it's like NASA's extreme. Well because I'm gonna play it like, you know color booty and stuff like that. Yeah, it is guys. Like I see this guy online who's playing NASCAR race ya know like and he works like his like his like a uncles and shut they build their cars like you saw me some videos. That shit's pretty legit. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I was like if people are into it as the dust the deck there dancing like if you're actually racing that's different. He's got people that raised he got he's got people that he knows that race like he's been on the floor with doing these races. Yeah, but like for me, I can't say I'm just I'm talking about like the fan aspect of sitting. Yeah watching the Jeff Gordon race for four and a half hours. I can't doing six thousand laps. I can't do that getting his tires changed every 13 minutes. Yeah, you know, so I think that's quite think I'd rather jump in the last 10 minutes. I'm by artists who won. All right, cool, maybe playing the games are a little different. Yeah, like the gambling of it. But gasps speaking of gambling, you know, it's a crazy type of gambling people aren't crazy with speaking of racing and gambling his horse race horse. Sure. I heard it for sure. He's crazy. I know horse people. I do horse racing like gambling people gamble and they made out of millions. It's really it's would you ever put money on a horse? Lakna like if you know what I would do I would go to the horse and be like what you're not the biggest cock. I don't think that's how it goes. Oh, maybe the smallest cocktail more dynamic. I'm not I'm just saying that's I'm not saving money and putting like 7K on fucking Sparrow here hoping you runs, you know, come on here it hoping this very pleasant hoping he like fucking Pizza dude. I wanted to bring this up to you. I'm gonna go completely off the rails. Yeah, you know what? I heard the other day what you hear and ice cream man, but I got ice cream truck like ice cream in. Okay, I never hear those are my neighborhood anymore. I hit them all the time. No way do so. A down our street anybody who's from like my hood, you know who this lady named Rosa. She used to have a ice cream truck bro. She's the kind of some other do some some other guy forgot his name was but these will just come down all the time dog. And I heard this ice cream truck and I felt like I was five again. So you haven't heard an ice cream truck in a minute years. That's weird Years bro. I seen that like during the fucking cold. Yeah, that's cream truck but not now my street crazy. Because you doubt my like my street used to be packed with kids dog hit five o'clock after school on a Thursday usually know once again, everybody was outside. Those are the good old days the homies from up the street. I'll make some down the street. I mean, I live next to my man. My cousins live next door. We were outside every day bro. Those are the good old. Those are golden days right there. What was the best ice cream on ice cream truck? What was the best ice cream on ice cream truck? There's a lot to choose from you got eyes tickles fudge pops Strawberry Shortcake's Big Sticks. Do you have a lot of good ones Push Pops the Looney Tunes cup the mountains Cub broer fire funny with the fucked-up Aires. They look done. Yeah, they will look nowhere near these fucking can't fuck with UFOs to you're fucked UFOs the aliens know not to fuck with the alien heads. I know you like you said you fucking more. I know you probably yeah, I guess it's a long was it was a sandwich. It was chocolate vanilla ice cream. Oh, yeah, I know what you're talking about fire. Yeah, the ultimate wrestler the wrestling ones with the soft cookies and vanilla icing know it was that's the Ice Cream Sandwich though. And the the cookie for some reason was super soft even what I'm talking about dude for anybody listening, please tell me like go, or something. What were the WWE right WF at the time there were wrestling they're wrestling ice cream sandwiches. They were fucking delicious bro delicious. It was like a soft cookie with a chocolate in the middle and there's vanilla ice cream in the middle. Oh my God Molech. I like having like a good cookie with villain. I bet you do heaven you that that ice cream cookie. I'm like some Tom so every time what I'm sorry, honestly water that was like, Fucking care. I can't think of ice can cause I'm like, I'm lactose intolerant as far as I know. I dude we talked about the session. I want a fucking of Fuddruckers. Oh, yeah fireplace dude, so I had to shake from there. Fuck my shit up. You're lactose intolerant. Yes, and you gotta shake from Fuddruckers. Was he I see But silly talk and let me talk to you young fella. I fucking love I love ice cream. I love shakes. I love all that. I will risk it everyone song be like, you know what and how it affected the song. I love ice cream. I'll let shit go ahead of don't you care to make a fucking miracle? Hey shut up. Okay, she bad dude, but sometimes she does not. Yeah, she has a weird style to it. I do like her voice. I think she's a very cute. Yeah, I'll see that. They also talked about this the other day. I don't want to go off the rails. Here but like Nikki when she started rapping. It was cute bro. Like we should have the whole like Nicki Minaj. Listen. Listen, Nicki Minaj listen for when she first started rapping like the whole like like the Bedrock stuff, right? Like it was cute. She had a voice that q and then she got into this like little Nick in it. Oh, yeah. I like Nikki. Tell your cocky shine. Yeah. Yeah you like and it's Little Nicky in the morning hurt her. I dropped her instantly. Sure now, I do like a Shakira impersonator in there. Nobody cares. Hell yeah, thank you. She's yeah those just she's a very cute voice Tia Tamara rally I fuck with that shit dude. She's got this like bad vibe to it, which is bad. You know, I the first time I heard those York at the you is 2014 the fuck out some. Yeah. I know it wasn't a song Always 2013. She was on you know, how I felt my one of my favorite rappers is dumbfounded so dumb. Yeah, and I've been listening to them find ourselves in high school and it was like my senior year or like my the year after I go Those 2013 it was something like that 2014 he used to do he used to bring on like like low-key artists and they would like perform songs in this car while they were hot box OSHA and he brought Doge account on one side. Oh, wow. This was early. This is like 2014 died and he brought her on and she had just started her music. He's like yo, what's up? I found this girl on Soundcloud introduce yourself sick. Yeah, what up, you know repping, you know sell out blah. Where's your friend? I think she's in the Bay Area if I'm not mistaken Malibu, I'll try. So I wrapped in Malibu, you know said but I rep La I still had much that Malibu that my name is dojo cat and there's like she like performed a song. She looked way different back then so just fired, huh? Don't use fire. She's bad but there's times where she doesn't look. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you mean exactly. I was actually watching it. I was actually bump in the sun right before I got ya I was bumping don't you carry on my way here? It was a juicy I Was Juicy. Yeah everybody. Say so yeah, dude, that sounds like you say distant. It sounds like it should be on a JC Penney add know, I JCPenney my sweaters. No, I don't like that. I'm not the biggest. I'm not like sucking his cock. Yes you are but there was a lot of hype for it and I like yellow arrow. No you are. I like Bad Bunny sub when he was like coming up. Stop being a hipster bro. I'm being soon as I stop stop. Oh, you're lucky before I can when he was Loki stahp how I like em now you like him now, that's what it is. If I like something before you liked it, or if I got you in and something I will rub that shit on your face if I showed you music and You're bumping it like non-stop. I'd like bitch. I told you that. Yeah, and now I take credit. That's how I am I can see don't be like me Martha. Also somebody Our Song and the fucking hop on the artist is cock, right? Yeah, and they were fucking rapping that shit. Let's not let's not bore right here. You get really defensive and I'm like, yes, I'm like, that's my shit. That's my shit. I tell you shit. Let me tell you this not so what I'd everybody listening that knows me. It's like yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know it and I know it you really like that. I know it. It yeah. Yeah you your Revolution is just wrong. I know it I can see your vein popping. Yeah here. Yeah, and it doesn't frustrate me. It's like give me some credit. Yeah, and I don't I don't you mean someone Bad Bunny suck my ass. My my and I came from Mexico. She knows that bunny. She doesn't know Bad Bunny, but she would like to see the old did you hear this line? All right. I'm actually pretty far and so like it was just I would be bumping that but I would never really get into like I would just hear the songs would come out and they were like, Really get it, right. So there's new album came out and I'm like, well, I'm everybody was like hyping it up. Yeah. I was like, why not give it a shot. He is if he does have a cool voice though. Yeah. He nicotine is unique is their I've I've been gone my I think it's cool. I'm just like not my style. Yeah, like a couple of the songs. But yeah, I'm not like really into. Yeah. Look, I'm not I'm not I'm not into him like that. But yesterday my wife went to Ontario Mills and we're like, let's what coming bump she's like wait a minute this and I like four songs like that. I like remember there's four songs on the album. Huh? No, no no and there's this song that I felt like I was in like 2008 nice bump in like, oh geez, I guess I liked that and that's like that at all. Yeah, I like that. Yeah, yeah, so I'll probably but I'll probably play for you after this. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I haven't heard the album. But I mean a lot of people are posting about it, you know. Yeah, but there's a lot of people in bed with his cock. Yeah. I think the thing about a bunny is you your huge now, you know saying like it is what it is, you know saying if Jake would have dropped a new album Drake everybody's buzzing about it if Kendrick Lamar dropping You album everybody and bad bunnies on that level Now dog, that's just how it is and Yeah, he's a worldwide and hey Amy school stuff. You know, he doesn't make cool shit. I'm not really into like that genre school. I had like a couple songs in that John. Yeah, but it's not like it's not my full cup of tea. But like I said, what what got me hyped about it was those songs. I made me feel like that was at school that you think I'm after this to that now now you got me intrigued. Yeah. I'm interested in one thing ask me one. I think what all right, here's the thing. You always say, let me ask you one thing. Well, let me ask you this and it's never one thing. Yeah, another thing. Yeah, this is holistic. Yeah, I think I did ask you this. By the way. Do you ever do this thing know where you wake up and you have a song in your head? Yeah. Yeah. I think I did ask you this. I think I brought it up because every day like, I'll be like it would be. Midday. I'll be at work and I'll be like I have to have to look up song because it's just plain. Wake up, I wake up with this on my head all the time and maybe it's me people do that. Maybe that's good normal thing but I wake up with the song and I have to hear the sound like on my way to work or some. Yeah, maybe if I wake up and I like my love don't cost a thing. I'm up and yellow dog. Do it on by a Jedi the way to work. I'll be rather than as fuck with that. Like the I was venomous. Fuck. Why did I say? Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, like there be times like you remember the song Oh by Sierra and Ludacris now, can you sing it for me knocks? I don't like that. Now you do know how it goes. Oh, but it will be like that. It'll be like oh and then I'll be fucking ass to capacity La Sierra. Don't fucking listen to like Juan Sebastian. Don't be listen to Drake and then I'll be listening to fucking Eminem and I'll be listening to fucking Arctic Monkeys or somehow. I did it all over the place and I'll go to fucking I'll be all over the place. Wow. Yeah. Well fuck was that I was like the scream. Oh, okay now not like scream. Oh, I got like, Lincoln Park. Oh, yeah, we we bump that's okay, but I like gonna like Google or what is your guilty pleasure of like music Becky G. I would think yeah, there's guilt I who gives a shit about that here in Bemidji? That's true. Yeah, I don't know. That's a good question then and everybody knows like don't you count now, so there's that I like bacon cheese music. I mean that's like a guilty pleasure off High School Musical really? I've never seen that High School Musical 1 and 2/3 and then I dropped the ball, but High School Musical 1 and 2 dog, and I believe I couldn't see dude. It's Heroes hot dog. I will sink every word to every dude. Had I was never really like okay, let me put this over there. My sister is living in my own world. Now did it I understand that anything can happen. Oh, you're feeling this the girl goes. I never believed it. Come on Ro not dude what I could see I think the whole sorry. I know you really getting into this and then try those. This is gonna be like just a fucking side segment of what you're fucking. Yeah, that's yeah. I love High School Musical. I guess I just that was my first celebrity like one of my first celebrity crush is like Vanessa Hudgens and I'm in sixth grade seventh grade. And this girl Gabriella Cortez walks in Vanessa Hudgens has a special place in my heart forever forever. But as Hodges forever has a special place in my life. Maybe she was like the first girl I was like, she's beautiful do you got You got a better smile her eyes. God Vanessa Hudgens, she's legendary. Yeah, dude to every boy our age. Her name is like souter and it's like sex. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Hey, what about what about the stars that came out of the wall? Just Zac Efron. Zac Efron's a good like a dude dude. I want Zac efron--oh. Vanessa has to be a thing again. Yeah, Troy and Gabriella forever. What huh, Troy and Gabriella High School Musical, I forgot you're not and I'm not into that shit. If I bet I saw my such a nerd right now, dude, I'm gonna be sitting on Zac Efron's a great-looking man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, dude that what about you you got any guilty pleasure in music or Justin Bieber? Yeah, you fuck with the beeps like like like religiously. You're a Pinot lexicon. Wake up Believers. Are you a Believer? No, I'm not a believer. I'm not like want to be like having his album. Have a homie shout out Eddie. Day one believer. Oh really day one. He's like he that's his shit. You know like we're not ready. What does that album Gods like Alicia isn't believe yeah, it's believed is that was a Christmas one right next. Oh, yeah. That's what the album's called know but whatever like that whatever like that Christmas album right now, I was into that. Yeah, did I was bumping that shit? Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't ever really be walking to school and the earphones in like what? Yeah, like what are you doing doug? Because I can't see I can't sing. I can't sing either you can do steer a good thing, you know not I think you are. No not even he's a good singer. No, I think a great singer. Thanks Doug. We got you could wrap to when you drunk I'm drunk. No. Yeah, but I think Justin Bieber would be like the Biebs the newbies. I don't fuck with the newbies to be honest the cold leaves. I like you like you like you like beams here long hair. Wow, don't do Nothin. Oh don't under oh. You know, I love you. That's a newbie. That's how you were that's you know who we are but that's not new news like yummy yummy. I don't like that. I like that one. I like the I like the where are you now be? Yeah, I'm sorry beeps. Yeah. When is it too late now to say sorry. Yeah, when iI yeah. What a guy Rich As Fuck, you know, yeah. Documentary about his life. How crazy is life is it's not that crazy. It's fucking crazy. Yeah, like his body was like lacking like I forgot what his body was lacking. He like literally laying there like half dead. Oh shit, my bad. Yeah, shut up beeps fucking pussy. No dude be the Zombie is a high. Fuck this music is how he's always do homie David dobrik. Oh, yeah, they are. Yeah their friend ya losers. Yeah. I don't other than that. There's not really any other music. that I would like Yeah, dude, nothing. Really. I mean I like like something like yeah, like I'm like, I'm trying to go to like the music on my phone right now, like thinking you're not going through anything. Therefore you're going through you're like mental categories. Yeah High School Musical, I guess. I mean I've asked her musical sounds on my phone. Yeah. I don't have Justin Bieber music on my phone. Yeah. That's a guilty pleasure and it's a guilty pleasure. Yeah when I'm in the mood, hey Lowell High School Musical. Yeah. No, I don't. I don't know. I don't think I would ever do that. I have like a little like fuck. Note here. That of like topics. I'd like to talk about the okay, but I thought we covered most of them actually that little my love. I've been like unreal. so titties Pussy I got you. Got sorry, not me what you got drunk last night. I did I did. I'm I'm I'm still kind of recovering from a little hangover. You got drunk last night. I did get drunk and here's the thing. Here's the thing. You pulled out your phone. Are you gonna show me something? All right you got for you? Okay, I'm getting a little scared. I'll go for you. So I think the biggest reason why I got drunk was I told and I told you this before we start getting a Drink Alone by the way, and I didn't get drunk. I did not get drunk. I'm a little upset that you didn't you weren't down the drain. I did not because I have shit to do today. I'm not to be fucked up I had shit to do today to have a good in my tuxedo fits today. I had to get a text you but yeah, I don't want to be hung over today. So eat my fucking asshole. I mean, it's like it feels good to wake up on a Sunday and not be not be hungover. It feels good, and now we're not so yesterday. I was telling how I'd legit had less than a water bottle of water the whole fucking tickets. So and before that iron was the last time I drink water it's so bad. So yesterday I had was fucking it's so badass quit yesterday just so bad. I shake bossboss tequila little bit with a little bit tequila Malibu. This fucking vodka as popular. I just got the chills right now. I think beer that's what I had last night. Yeah by like I left your house. I got or I left my house. I got three. Yeah. Fuck I was drunk. Yeah, you and Maya were drink I did was drink until you guys were like drinking again. We're drinking and I was like, we had a shot and I'm let's go again. We had that my let's go guys. Go again. Why did you you brought six buzz ball? I did bring six bubbles we drink for and you and Maya drink for me. Yeah. Yeah, I'm in David each had one. Yeah. And the buzz balls heavy and you proceeded to take shots of Malibu which is disgusting mother Malibu's nasty. Let me take shots of mouth. Let me say this though, and I'm sure you will agree to this. Are you would you know, once once you're like already rolling, I don't bother whatever your served fucking water after that point. Yeah after a point, it's like no matter what? Yeah, it's the matter what you drinking it's going down the hat is going down. No problem. Or what dude? All right, I'm gonna ask you a random asked question. Yeah as a kid. You would go see with like your mom your dad like your go with your mom made it to the grocery store, right? I mean, yeah, I was kind of forced I can stay at home. I used to like going to go start my mom. Yeah. What store would you hey going in I would hate going to yeah, she's almost like did not and then like she would tell you one of the store and you're like grocery stores just because there were so fucking to take forever. What's Yeah, we're grocery store back. Then. It was called I like I mean Tapatio. Yeah back then I was just about to eat a potato was the one now. It's a super. Let's see. What the fuck is that so bad. No. Mickael. Super mijo. That's a basic as name. When you when your neighbor, you know, the name of your Supermarket is literally Supermarket. There's no yacht. You basic Pia shit. Let's name our Supermarket Super Mario Super clever stupid asses. Nope. Wanted about your heavily back. You know me my cousin used to do we're going to talk about the Omaha. We would go to the frickin. Yeah, they all the beans out you fucking do would you ever just stick your hands in the fucking beans? Yeah. It's right. Yeah, totally what I will stick my hand in the beans, but I'll grab beans and stuff in my pockets. What and then what would throw them at people? Okay. So like we were like a now, you know that I was like like they go up like the shelves but they cut off we would Grandma's Sirens coming and considerate bastards. I hope they're okay, but fuck you. Yeah, because I honestly do these dogs are barking piggy. Shut up. I think oh wow, they actually shut up you because we're recording guys were legit and I'll get your own a garage. So we apologize for the all the excess noise. Yeah, so I see that beans put them in my pockets and then just flail them across the aisles bro, like over my leg over the other eye you annoying little piece of shit hasn't do we or like people were like walking by and we have beans and we're just like that come in the ear beeping. I turn around like fucking turn around real quick dress when I'm at when I'm at the store and I see look is really cute little. Oh, yeah. I was like, I would get it. Used to be you and that's disgusting and I'm but I better go get out of here. I used to love going to Target. Yeah with my mom my mom Target and Walmart Target a good what I'm gonna want more sometimes blow you go to Walmart when it's when you send a sound like yeah, it's like yeah to Target is a sheer. Oh, yeah, but I'm asking you this because Hispanic parents maybe like, I don't know. Why are my me home for that? They think targets like fuck. Fucking go another fucking the West Coast Plaza some shit Nordstrom. Rhyme Nordstrom. That's I feel like that's all they look they look at it going to Target its Adamas like we're going with the couch store, you know ya I feel ya know we were always a Target found me because I get all the way it was just we liked it better. You know, it's cleaner. Oh, yeah, they cleaner fact. Yeah, you just not as cheap. I'll give you that. It is not. Yeah. It's a little qualities a little better that better clothes there, you know saying but I just like want It because they used to remember when these have like the get like you could play it like the PlayStations or whatever was I like the Xbox? Oh, yes arm out we were to go will pull up me and my brother would just go to the back play video games for an hour and I'm gonna go shopping, huh? She had come she would come back. I'm an ostrich. Don't play my wife and I will go to Walmart to buy certain groceries. Yeah the cereal like the family size cereal honking like getting super adult here. The serial Velma is cheap as fuck other romantic by $6. There's like super cheap Costco or Sam's Club. I've never been a Sam's Club. I'm a Costco my well my family. Yeah, I'm Costco guy. I'm a cop's brain looked a mom was like, let's go to Costco think that's possible is my spot. I used to do a Costco chicken bakes. Really you've never been exactly. I will fuck him. Did I see lots of examples they scare like bunch of face down like it was big but it wasn't like that which one The cops don't Corona. Yeah, it's not that big I get agree. That's a kitty like fuck. This place is huge humongous. It's big but it's not like like to the point where you'll like legitimately do have that badass walk-in freezer though. You're not walking freeze in the corner. The one the one to the right or whatever all it's the back behind like the fish. You know, they just had their shit. Do you want some? Oh so hot when other during the summer when it's that Costco's fucking hot. I went to the freezer. I took off my shirt and I was chilling in there. It will say anything. No I was Like 15 CL already. I was old enough to know what I was doing fucking dumbass who prefer to look at him like is fucking retard. Yeah, idiot fucking dumbass stupid ass piece of shit dumbass pieces ass you fine piece of ass why that's not an asshole. It is not know. I don't think it is. Look at you. You fucking fine piece of ass. How are you? Good? I was like 15. I don't think I hear you talking to you. Oh, yeah. But I do know piss me off. I'll fucking 1617 go near 50 South was like are you with your father? Oh, yeah. Fuck you. Just let me get some smoothie. Nice. Let me get a piece of his bagel and leave me the fuck alone. My daddy's to be like, hey go over there. Oh my God, he's just like, oh get to right. So I'll go get to and my dad to make another round got two more. I'm a little brother were going to get two more like fucking 7 slices of pizza. I'm sorry. I have really it's on it's on the side. Of my like it's on my head. Now. I'm I really want to try this pizza at now. It's good. Well, it sounds great. Yeah, dude Costco pizzas. The shit is I love costumes. Let's go pick their Supreme Pizza. Let me tell you about a while. I have a thing for children. Oh Costco's they're fucking huge. Oh you like nigga? I love big stuff. What at the picture of me? Ask you a question. Let's play a game real quick. a segment called overrated or underrated I'm gonna name a couple of things and you tell me I already have a list I sought out the hell yeah I'm gonna name a couple things you tell me if it's overrated underrated or if it deserves a vet deserves a cow okay buddy here we go these are Naturals overrated or underrated or overrated overrated yeah wow I don't think that I got they're good but they're not like okay ready Starbucks overrated under overrated super overrated super all right in Overrated or underrated or overrated overrated in and out. You don't think it's worth the cloud even think it's worth all the hype. Wow, I'm a burger dude. You think and now it's overrated? All right. Holy shit. Good. Don't get me wrong it in and out. So I just I would go to In-N-Out like once a month. I was a lot bro. Yeah, that's a lot of in our you obviously like it. No because I know people like I see their stories these bitches will get a fucking in and out. twice a fucking week he's sick piece of shit Chipotle overrated or underrated over it wow everything's already pretty your hits you and thank you who are you try to be different I don't know you everything is overrated I love about eat from the earth I love Chipotle Tha Chipotle Chipotle what how did I said chaparro book the fuck I'd love it but I think it's overrated really Chick-fil-A Chick-fil-A overrated or underrated it's like they're it deserves yeah you think it's good then yeah I love chocolate yeah like I really like Chick-fil-A on my wife gave me so much shit last night because you saw you guys even Chick-fil-A oh I know truthfully I get fucking closed shut the fuck up well you didn't say that and I didn't say that should be my eyes let me think here what's another good one Drake Drake Drake is Drake I'll betray Graham I've read underrated I think so right really but I love Drake's that bunny all right it underrated we're just talking about that overrated or underrated or is he worth all the hype I think he's a little worth you think he's worth is keep without fucking yeah alright worshipping these for this guy I think I think it deserves a high because he's like a semi new artist but ask me like in a year from now on I'll be there This bitch is either under or over Be Cool J Cole. I think Jay Cole underrated Chuckles really upgraded. I think he's a cool summer. Yeah, he definitely doesn't it get the deserve get the get the deserve that get dancing at the desert that he doesn't he doesn't like the reputation or like that. What's another what's another big thing? Oh, Trying to think of another one. I phones iPhones over having products Apple products in general overrated or underrated. I think they were I think they just simply deserve they're very simple yeah they're very simple if you have an Android have a Windows computer oh okay I'll leave when you do a lot with yeah you can yeah what windows I guess it's like appropriate for like people like whatever Art's right gimme are baby have an AIR Android phone go fuck yourself with the 12 inch long as Dong Dong do you think are pods should be free with your purchase of an iPhone know this this this annoys me This annoys me when people are saying I don't know you guys said in that when people say that Apple music should be free with your iPhone. Okay. What is that annoying? Because this I'm insulted. Why do you think that know I pay for my Spotify bitch you fucking loser. I told you when I get tired you don't have ad free Pandora either. In the middle of your fucking Corridos like big and I can't - but that's it. And oh my God my God, why have you if you have Pandora and I'm not let go listen. Okay, if you have Pandora and apple music and you prefer Pandora, then you don't know shit if I had everything that I have everything. I don't listen to a Pandora is probably already in my playlist. Most likely. Yes, so just let me sit make your playlist. Let me make my counter arguments the author we go to your house to play poker and you're like, what do you want me to play and I'm like, I'll play this song. I can't I'm on Pandora. No, you can have my Apple music and then just fuck Pandora. Let me make my account or not advised against it and nothing against Pandora, but it doesn't make fucking sense to me. Listen motherfucker what I would it would I can I have been I'm just kidding what I can do or I simply I don't have the patience for is downloading or saving one fucking song and making playlists. This isn't 20. Hand bro, you help I did he go. See you don't have to download MP3 to YouTube and do it. All that possible. I still like for me like a button on the side of a song. It looks like a little cross you tap that button and guess what? It's instantly in your fucking music. I can't I can't feel like making playlists the like, I'd rather just said if you want my phone, I just have your how to make flail how much albums just saying look you don't have to make playlists. You can just add it on to your library. And guess what just like your fucking Pandora that you love so fucking much. You can hit Shuffle and all your size will Shuffle it doesn't make sense to me because I've been on I go to Pandora and I like I've PlayStation and if I play a face and play songs, fuck you, it plays songs that I completely forgot about it. I'm like hell yeah, so that's what you heard of ya like it. Just if you got it in you it doesn't do that before you go to Apple music. If you put create station, it'll be don't you to play the same for that's where you're wrong. You don't use apple music for the stations. Apple music for the music that you already love the music that's already know that is this your every love music I like discovering new music I discover new music on Apple music all the time wow featured artist I don't like to go through all that trouble I just like to put a fucking button give me that shit dude I'd love to give shots upon other because of them I in high school because Apple music wasn't really that big back then is expensive you had a by pay a fucking 99 Cents for one fucking song yeah Pandora was the way to go is free yeah fuck who cares that as but I found out a bunt about a bunch artist that way that's why I'm supporting today it's like why I suppose if you're paying for Apple music let me say this though save yourself some money and delete just stop paying for you know what's even worse because you love Pandora I enjoyed the clip and or oh I don't love pain I enjoy it I feel like it's just simple and so the time you have a Dependable heavy on I can fucking paper fans are you ready you and Adam skips broke it I just let it play I played you know I bought my fucking Mexican as music or we're jamming I want to be right but career everyone have a good time yeah but it's like the same 12 songs yeah I think so is that saying 12 song everytime you do play it yeah it does all right let me say this though you know what's even worse playing music from fucking YouTube yeah and last sometimes look at this version of that is sometimes there's Virgin of virgins fucking shit you fucking pussy version sometimes those versions of songs that you can't find on Apple music and you can only find them on YouTubes and then sometimes there's certain mixing types of you know songs I have only the like once or twice I think you know somebody but still you know what and say if you like legit display all your music from YouTube oh sorry you got no yeah that that's it yeah if you if if you don't have apple music if you don't have Spotify and if you don't have panda panda what is the least dude if you don't have Pandora and you're on YouTube anyways I know and you're like let me put my music on and you go to your YouTube channel YouTube page and this is like the videos or playlists and it's just a bunch of songs I listen here you fucking bastard go to Apple music I will lend you $9 a month II don't have a music then I'm not gonna let you shit cuz you don't have no idea you just you just cussed out of just just just will you on YouTube or I do I do have a YouTube is to watch videos I've watch a music video I will I will say this you can't listen to that you can listen to us on our Pandora you can you know imagine you're a mommy Roger I'll say this now I'll do my best to start making to put some time and effort into my fucking I just you need to understand where I'm coming from here Brothers all right sometimes like I hear a song and I don't know what the song is called or like you get me that oh I don't know I feel you don't take the time to look up the artist that makes you look right look on Pandora okay and you hit you see the artist name where are you going to look this artist up on Apple music okay what but that's that's after already discovered it I for example I showed you the sign the other day and I'm like man I have you heard this song and you're like yeah I've heard on my own like I'm into this song I found that song on fucking Pandora not gonna happen music and I say this fucking song so you say that anyways on Apple music yeah bro I get that Pandora helps you find music but get out of the fucking box and Turn on your damn radio or go watch TV shows. That's how I find a bunch of music you on YouTube. I'm tuck your shirt on YouTube. I you get to well fucking tie. You do you really yeah YouTube's on video. I'm what I want YouTube video. My name is Martha. How'd it go with you to some video? We need a fucking and the shit right now. We're I'm fucking losing chromosomes ask me cause we're going fucking me. All I'm saying is if you have Pandora and you pay for Apple music. Eric you're you're a dumbass. Okay inside me getting shitted on freezing my or even Spotify of you pay for Spotify. I think spotify's what I think's modifies. Cool. Really cool that Pandora. Let me know because all right look, in the Apple music and Spotify people make playlists and so you don't search station you can search a playlist okay and people make playlists and they come out to the public and you can find new music that I know how I feel right now like an idiot you mean besides that you know you know we're playing poker on Wednesday right and we were we it was legit just us yeah being fat fucks eating with Jesus like drinking bumping the Mexican music and what did you tell me I said we were put up in November I said hey guys we've officially become our fathers yes and uncles and uncles we become more deals and everything we're getting fucking old and this this this is like a flashback into that I getting fucking old to the point where I'm like fuck this technology shit I'm gonna bleep Pandora yeah I get that we're getting old dude fast quick how old are you 24 yeah we're getting old 25 25 is close to 30 we got 34 fucked I'm excited to what age you think your cocks and ski start the keys like my fucked up to what age dusting your boss I'm gonna appreciate that you know okay they one day at a time now give me a number I'm gonna appreciate it I'm gonna say like 95 Hey, so because because until until you said one do I want my cock to still work or up to what age you think is going to keep working? Oh, that's different. What the fuck did you think I was saying? Like, how long do you want to talk to her for you? Like Okay. oh fuck what do you think the lady sounds like oh okay first of all oh Richard oh we really went all over the fucking place here we go dude I think I think how are we at yeah we're 112 you know that bad 112 the group peaches and cream 112 I see you can not going to go on Pandora going on you know how easy it is Peaches and Cream okay that's one two alright yeah you can listen to peaches and cream okay yeah that's going to do it before we do we're gonna we're gonna peaches and cream that's a nasty sound alright guys came out of here that's so gross I'ma get my Pandora bitch ass out of here oh yes you are goddamn thank you guys so much for tuning in we appreciate you guys listening as we do as we say every time yeah where are we go fuck yourself yeah shut us out what the fuck is that never mind that was like a puppy dog when he was sad Garage on Instagram all over all your help we appreciate you guys Our post comment subscribe whatever it is. Yeah, they're not that where can we find you ask if I'm on Instagram and on on Twitter at the official motto no spaces. Oh, yeah, the fisherman no space in all capitals. And there's a huge black dick my profile. It's just a picture of his face. Yeah, you can find me at Manny boy underscore 32:52 on IG just IG & Grinder grinder, you can find me at SAS said you keep the puppy Chula. Do you guys for listening motherfuckers appreciate y'all go like to put the garage go like it go here son follow us on Spotify on Apple music. And if you guys give us five stars, appreciate you guys. Love you all. Peace. Fuck me.