Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a None of other great Star Wars podcast on Spotify. You can do many things. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are in your car your office your X-Wing wherever you can also easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. So if you have not done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for for Center on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and make sure to follow us on why so you never miss an episode of for Center come celebrate Star Wars with us right there on Spotify. The following is a presentation of the four Center podcast feed. From the center of the Galaxy. This is the for Center podcast feed. I'm just as Grim chamku knapsack in this is the Clone Wars Report. I'm really looking forward to every time to the different little news report song soon. It's going to be like A Day in the Life by beetles and news deutz clones on the way. Thornhill, yeah. Yeah portion for: Wars Report good we're into the groove now it is the second episode of the Season 7 the second episode of the bad batch Arc still in that weird place where I'm sure some viewers are like this is brand-new. Hooray and other people are like here is the exact difference from the animatic that I've watched a thousand times. So I'm looking forward to getting two arcs that are not as based on the anime. Alex and and discovering new and exciting things but we are going to talk about episode 2 season 7 of the Clone Wars a distant echo of that title. It is it's a good one, right? It's literal and yet lips this there's more so I always like to discuss just our actual visceral experience. Did you stay up late on Thursday night into Friday morning refreshing Disney Plus, or did you make a different choice? I made an interesting choice. I Got the there was an episode and that does not mean anything about my joy for the shot. As I said even to you are fair. I'm really enjoying the first two episodes of Clone Wars. So glad it's back. I forgot. Yeah, it was Midday Friday when I was like Hey going on and that actually I liked it let a little better than the stress of the previous week refreshing refreshing to one of the morning. Yes. Yeah is for you is the obviously you have a lot of different things going on. Is it is it that or is it more? Like because Mandalorian was brand new in live-action that it that this doesn't feel like as much of an event or I think you might be right and and that's a very subconscious thing. Yeah. I think I think it is because it's Clone Wars as much as I love it as much as we've remarked on how fun it is to watch this as a community now. Yeah versus we were all alone in our rooms or catch up. Sorry watches and stuff along the way. Yeah. Amanda is just like you feel like you can't miss it. And I think to excuse me. I had a 7-Eleven lunch on the way over here shokunin hot dogs last week. It was paying this week. It's hot don't know I think to what you said up top is important because I'm not super familiar with the line, but I did watch it. I did watch some of the videos back in the day on these lost episodes. So I think once were something new I'm not going to want to miss that. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah for myself. I just made the choice that man. I love doing the late night, but I've had Had not had a hell of a week and I was like I can watch this bleary and sleepy and you know, then get up on Friday and do all the other workers like or I could just wait until my wife and I are both away. Yeah and watch it on Saturday morning like it actual Saturday morning cartoon. My wife had been sleepy when we watch the first episode. So it was great. We got up on Saturday. We had some pastries nice nice. Yeah, dad watch the bad batch and then watched a distant Echo and it was great. It was great to watch it bright-eyed and bushy-tailed with pastries and I were fortunate that we agree with each other on how to present the show and to not rush out and Friday morning meet at a park near between our apartments and houses and record a show and get it out. Another world the fact that we're all sorts of for Center brand like hey pump the brakes take some time you watch it a couple times helps me too because I feel less. Pressure to I look like echo my eyes are like, yeah twitching. Yeah processing data. Yeah. It is really really great to be able to dive deep into it with for center with the community but also preserve that bit of the first viewing is just as a fan. Yeah and then kind of dive into like what what do I want to share on the podcast? What am I thoughts that kind of thing, but now we are to that level of viewing which is great that we get to do. So, let's Dive In What was your overall reaction to this episode had a lot of fun with this one. I think last week's it's hard even for me to separate. I mean it's designed to be, you know, smooth connection between episodes area is should feel like one story. I'm not going to rank the episodes. I think last week. I liked a little bit more the action. This one seemed at times smaller, but I like the punch in this one the emotional pundit emotional times bigger. Yeah the stuff the with Rex and Echo and everything and then the little moments. Went with Padme and and and knowing I guess I had missed some of the filoni stuff saying that Batman wasn't gonna be involved in the season. Yeah, I didn't see that quote until recently either and that kind of heartbreaking. It sounds like it's heartbreaking provolone in some way even though he might control some of that that brought the decision-making beyond that so I really cherished what I got. Yeah, and yes, I would I think obviously the see it Ripple across social media all the reactions and discussions. We will definitely spend some quality time on that amazing scene. But for my overall reaction, I really love last week's episode it set up the stakes with for Rex really well, but other than that, it felt like let's meet the bad batch, which I enjoyed meeting the bad batch. Yeah would go to their party. But this episode really hit me. It really affected me. I really blew me away partially because I feel like so much of the episode is Anakin looking in a mirror no fully realizing. He's looking in a mirror. Yeah, and we'll get into some of the theme attic stuff that I was excited about, but they're just big picture. There was so much of seen him being introspective being the Jedi that he could have been seeing that he knows all these lessons that he's going to break and he can these good ideas of take a deep breath. Talk it out first be there for your friends don't That your attachments blind you he knows all these things and he's such a kind Jedi in in Rex being the mirror to him and he still kind and insensitive to Padme and there's even the possibility of reaching out to Obi-Wan is this this was one of those episodes that delivers on the promise of seen Anakin. Is that good man? That good Jedi Knight and just heightens the tragedy. Yeah. Yeah. Shammi would be proud there were of the mrs. We get into Anakin exactly. There's some moments we could see Shmi going good. Good. Keep going in that direction kid. Yeah. Well, especially you know the for Center of statement here. Well, I'm sure we're going to get into it. I'm sure going to talk about later put a pendant but but it's a good and I could not fully seen his own reflection and seen in the attachment stuff also for me Works where later on if you want to go into his mind while he's in the events of Revenge of the Sith. You can look at some of these Attachment to go with none of this is good. This is good and confusing it and being confused and under stress Under Pressure Palpatine. One are mace chastising you in another to me now just even more realistic that he's like no some of these these attachments are good. Yeah. Yeah, right what gets him nice and confused and you can get it through his head in Revenge of the Sith where you feel like well, of course, he's torn and confused and doesn't know who to listen to out of all of these various angels and Devils on his shoulder if you do a Supercut of Those angels and Devils you would definitely include a lot from this episode in that how he got there Montage? Yeah. Yeah. How did he get there? Yeah that so that was one overall reaction. The other thing that I wanted to throw out is I think I responded to this episode because it was just such a great grab bag of different ingredients of Star Wars that really resonate with me and ingredients that I like from this particular era of Star Wars like So that scene between Anakin and padmé had that just kind of sweeping star-crossed lovers romance. Just even their delivery the tenderness of the I love yous back and forth is like that's capital our romance. And yeah, the episode was really funny with the record being afraid of heights. Yep, the comedy they played that this important scene with that how much wreck Shinobi one know about their relationship, but they still played it with like this great. Sense of comedy and then there's this sense of real fantasy. We're going to this Misty planet and they're basically like Dragon Riders. Yeah with a less Advanced civilization that Anakin's trying to communicate with that's so so just capital F fantasy, you know Dragon Riders and they're just like a lot of great action and cool stuff in the the design like Wat Tambor has Art Deco Frankenstein Metropolis, yeah, you know palace with a lightning and you know, beautiful brass fixtures and like they're all of these elements that Lucas has matched together at different times, but in particular in the era of Clone Wars, that was just like this is this feels so Star Wars to me because it's got all of these elements. So unique to this era which is a celebration of Georgia's original Vision. Yes, there are yeah everything you're saying, it's great. Echo that I'll be in Vegas this weekend everybody doing comedy you write like the Obi-Wan Rex moment is so like deep in terms of story and you all did they know or they did know you can start twiddling your fingers at but it also just played as a rom-com. It really did with the moment. We're going with banging on the Wrecker with the the classic. I'm a big tough guy, but here's here's a little human weakness. Yeah. It makes him just endearing to me that You want a friend hates? I just don't like being height up it I just got an issue with gravity. Yeah, you're right all the elements and and Wat Tambor were definitely talk about but you know for a prequel for prequel list, but also someone who, you know, both of us kind of even when we had less a joy for the prequels at different points in our life Wat Tambor was that leg Yeah, there's yeah. There's like a Droid frog guy Droid drug who speaks with an AM radio dial. Yeah. So to see him as kind of an actualized kind of ghetto and we seen him before but to see him just in Focus here in 2020. Yes. It is great for me. You know, I'm echoing everything you say excellent a clear Echo rather than a distant Echo. So the way we're dividing up the Clone Wars Report is is first half what kind of diving into big picture stuff and then in our second half full drill into little details, so go and big picture I want to talk as we often do one for Centre about themes. So for me what we were talking about this Central Lucas star Roars theme about attachment in questioning. Is it a strength or a weakness really felt that play very specifically to Anakin and his journey, but just kind of in general like we had Rex's personal need to save Echo because he was you know in even getting to that point where that conversation with Anakin after Rex has a fight with Crosshair of just I used to be able to let go and just say my brothers died in war its War it's terrible but I move on with this one. I can't it's personal. I love that moment. Glad you brought it up up top because it just feels into the full fuels into the theme flows into it beautifully, but also just as a moment just to have Rex as a character Rex. We're moving beyond what the programme literally the programming was and this in this particular Arc in this particular moment because of that connection to Echo and how that attachment is a real growth point for him. Like no. No, I'm not going to go. I'm going to be does just nameless War Machine, you know, which we've already its culmination of this six seven season growth from fighting machine to know man. Like we that's my guy. Yeah, and even at the point I hadn't thought about until were talking that in mid conversation. He takes his helmet off. Yeah, like that's a good Star Wars, you know mechanizations or so away human organic. Yeah. This is the way he'd be in trouble if he's a Mandalorian or a specific kind of Mandalorian hmm. Sure. Sure answers are yes, and I liked it and again, even though he has his great attachment to Rex he is getting to see from the outside that danger of attachment like I don't think Anakin thinks for a second, it's bad. Yeah that Rex cares about echo or shouldn't care about Echo. I'm sure Anakin super relates to that. But from the outside the fact that he can see it's great that you care and we should rescue him, but I'm afraid you're going to hurt yourself and others them Fred you're going to act. In a rash way, I'm afraid you're going to cross lines that you shouldn't I'm afraid you're going to get your self hurt in the fact that Anakin that is what Anakin is so concerned about for Rex. Yeah, and and that padmi helps them through that which is yet another level of yeah is attachment, you know, obviously the Jedi see this level of attachment to Padme is a threatening and Palpatine successful manipulates it but us is the viewer get to see this moment where padmé gets to help Anakin through his own attachment to Rex and see it as a strength. Yeah going back to to even Anakin looking at Rex here. I'll kick it back to your how much do you mean this is kind of our headcanon interpretation of some of these scenes. How much do you see Anakin that they'll thing were you sometimes the best advice you give is what you know, you don't listen to yourself, you know, is he is he looking at Rex going like this the idea? Is not good. It's not good because I do it too and it to me it just feels and yet it can be some word fuel today my I'm hungry or since the hot dogs hot dogs. It just kind of Builds on their connection to number one, but I just again I'm really looking at this case study of Anakin particularly this episode is if you can go back to here and him going like wait, is this what I do? Don't do it Rex. I feel like I feel like Padma gets through to him about that in a sort of like In a good way like yeah, like some had met as saying it almost feels to me like Anakin in this is a roundabout way to answer your question. Yeah that Anakin has kind while he cares about Rex. He's kind of taking him for granted hmm and Padme saying every time that you run off half-cocked and do something really dangerous. Where is Rex? Yeah it right beside me supporting me. It's kind of a positive view of attachment of he always Has your back so why don't you go have his back? So there's this positive side to it. But then when Anakin to your question when Anakin is really faced with it of I'm standing here watching my friend, maybe not making good judgments about his own safety and the safety of the mission because he's blinded it feels like antiquing gets that. Oh, I do that too. Pat mate straight up told me that and I get that but it seems like his way to respond to that is just be like, oh, yeah. I know how to do this the proper Jedi way and you said, It reflected through the episode where he's like don't fire on these these whole text. Yeah, the the civilians of that population that planet don't fire on them. We need to find a way to communicate. We're going to talk this out. You know, he seems to just Retreat back to no. No, I can do everything will be one ever taught me. I can be I can be a good Jedi, but it doesn't seem to get that to that level of I realize how big of a threat that is. Yeah. I think it's right. Yeah, you know to me I guess in real world terms, it feels like when somebody holds the mirror up and you're like, okay, I see that but I can only cope with addressing it in myself up to a certain point. Yeah that makes that's kind of where I was thinking of just like we you know, it's like I always say sometimes I get really mad at my parents for something they do and I'm like, oh because I do it. Yeah, I think get any ties in that pad. My moment that I think there's a great Clem snide song where the lyric is, you know, I'll be your mirror. I'll reflect who you are and what a romantic kind of notion that can be in a tough one and a true one. And and this was absolutely one of the best relationship moments between them. Yeah Clone Wars Revenge of the Sith attack the clones and read the most real. Yeah, I loved it and I think Padme, you know from Attack of the Clones. Obviously, we understand that she has concerns about this sort of structural societal consequences of a secret marriage and she's a politician. He's a Jedi and their rules on both sides. Blah blah blah but in the big picture, it feels like padme's like hey, I get the Jedi in a lot of ways but this attachment thing seems over the top. I think she seems like somebody who's like caring for others is good. Right Anakin. It's great that you care about Rex. And by the way, do you see how much he cares about you right go care for him in his time of need feels like what she is saying in terms of being maybe like an angel on his shoulder about what attachment is. Yeah rather than being cold about it. I like that. I like the the also play on the little morality lesson beginning which I'm perfect. I didn't write down. What is it the search for truth begins with belief. So I you know, I'm thinking well, you know, a lot of flat earthers believe in that sells but just that that Rex, you know Rex needed the belief in him back needed back needed that believe from Leaf in an Amana can guess it that a you can take a lot of different ways. I like that. I think a lot of it. I think this this Padme Definitely the emotional Center of this episode Big Win there. Yeah. Yeah and just great animation even from manic and then he's like, oh, yeah, I guess I do do that. Also, I'll say carefully also lesson to all of us and I think we didn't necessarily do this. But when this clip came out, this is the clip that came out and the world freaked out and we thought we thought maybe all of this will be after Revenge of the Sith that not so much. Yeah, I mean not so much always as we always say keep an open mind. You know speculate responsibly all that all those catchphrases and t-shirts here, but another another lesson in this weird time of today. Hey, some information is going to come out. You don't know the context. You don't know all of the answer. Yeah, we got that mace quote. Who knows that's going to be like a vision that Anakin has it not going to go Pasternak. Yeah, but will see we will see and possibly animatics will tell ya any other thoughts on attachment will spend a little bit more time in the second half on that padmé seen in the Obi-Wan of it all. But any other thoughts on kind of big theme of attachment no, I think well said and I love having some room to kind of wonder in in your characters and your big characters. Yeah always fun for me and Star Wars. Yeah in terms of I guess my last thought on it is in terms of the Lucas and Lucas Padawan Dave filoni in terms of their perspective remembering that the entire Skywalker Saga is these back and forth ideas about attachment and I don't think it's ever saying attachment is just bad you get a great reminder of that when Rex actually gets to Echo and it goes like you came for me. Yeah, and it's right that it doesn't feel like a criticism. No at all. It doesn't feel like Rex should have accepted that right Echo was a borg now and and left it at that know. Yeah seems like a a celebration of attachment of hearing about your friends. The other theme that jumped out to me is Little bit. I think it's in a lot of Star Wars toward storytelling but there were some moments that felt like really on the nose of the whole from a certain point of view that reminder that everybody's actions are dictated. By the way. They're looking at things obviously Anakin seeing himself in Rex in realize, you know, that's what I do know that in Rex always supports me I'll support him, but then I was really struck by the poll tax the natives and the Clones. Try to understand one another. Yeah one we got the softer gentler Anakin who didn't just threaten them. Which in some Clone Wars arcs if he was angry or Padme was in danger R2 is endangered. The lightsaber just would have been out. She would have been yelling. Right but he feels like he was really taking a step back and say we can't hurt them. We need to try to talk to them. Yeah, and then in particular just it seemed like such a visual actual representation of from a certain point of view to have Tech doing the translation. We're literally on one side of his face. Is his perspective the Clones perspective on the other side is the poll tax perspective in by simply talking and translating and telling one another where they're coming from the pole texture. Like we don't want a big war here don't want to bring your were here. We just have a Fallen Friend were trying to rescue. Yeah, those guys are a holes in the pool decks. Right ear right Wat Tambor. It's an a-hole. We will help you this far and no farther and make that even more like on the nose you get the bolt that Great shot of the pultec kind of looking directly at X goggles trying to see what's what in your seeing that from text literal point of view the pultec trying to see text point of view from text point of view beautiful beautiful description of that scene. I really I was trying I wish I wish you had the the Alex Damon our best skills. I was trying to translate myself as fast they could ya know. What a great job. The it's like the C-3PO Ewok Memorial seen here. We got here just kind of like let me translate what's going on will all be all be great. I liked I liked Anakin in this particular moment playing things a little differently playing things and maybe as he could going back to your statement up in the top of the show of just like this is the little boy who helps. Yeah. So there's a little boy that helps you can trace it all the way to Return of the Jedi. Yeah, and seeing him be around the bad batch turds like their first instinct is to Oh shoot is that you know having an impact on him as well like oh that's why Obi-Wan is always telling me that yeah, take a breath and just a small note. I really like the Clone Wars has given us so many far-off civil Egyptian civilizations and cultures that are different and you know outside the norm and Star Wars like you said fantasy this was this is one of my little favorite designs. Absolutely. They had a great design the the audio of them. Their their voice was really great, you know, because a lot of times we have including words we do. Like this species has a Scottish brogue. Yeah, right, which I sometimes push against I really sometimes it takes me out of it for a little moment all three men and Rebels. But yeah, this one worked. I love I thought it was kind of a funny moment where there's like, yeah. We took your leader. That's what we did. Yeah, it's good strategy. Yeah. Yeah, and then the other kind of from a certain point of view thing is just this reminder that the only way that the separatists it's the Techno Union in the droids and that could strategize against the Clones effectively is to understand the Clones via iCloud literally use the mind of a clone to understand the tactics of other clones. Yeah. Yeah, smart smart watch am born smart and marul wall Tambor. Yeah any other thoughts on the from a certain point of view kind of theme not it's beautiful beautifully stated about that. This is center of it there and it and and Tech very GI Joe. Now this point he's very gho who got a working goggle system translator system on that. We're gonna get more into the echo stuff. They have some of my favorite parts of the show. So nice. Nice you brought this up already the moral of the episode The search for truth begins with belief for me that this is one. That's that that's very literal to the episode Rex believes that Echo is alive, you know, he believes in that the he heard that voice that Humanity that is not a recording that is not an algorithm. That is my friend. So it makes sense for the actual episode isn't actual just moral something for 12 year olds and much older than 12 year olds to absorb. Does it ring true with you the the seeking out and pull truth the search for truth your jeans with belief. So specifically that idea of I have faith in my faith will lead me to hard fact that will validate my faith. Yeah, I It yes. And again, I made I made the flutter their job. Don't don't at me if you're flattered. It's like it he though go seek your truth to go. But but yeah, no actually if you want to talk just personal Journeys the even not even just from a spiritual side, but just you have to be kind of open up to that if Rex had been like yeah, you're right. There there ends your journey, even if you go on it, and so I think to break that down and just a simple and simple Star Wars morality. But yeah, absolutely change, you know, if you Leave you need to change and there's some truth in that that begins with you going. Yes, I believe I need to change or it believe begins going back to the attic thing with someone believing in you that you need to change there's a lot there. So I think in this episode could be pretty inspiring and the Rex Echo stuff. We'll talk about II again, but seeing Rex in the spotlight and what that meant was was pretty powerful. Yeah. Yeah the search for truth truth begins with belief at first. I was like I'm not sure about that cause it can go into weird. You can't go into weird Wingo are jokes aside. I can go now. Yeah, it can be that. Yes, like hey this this I have I'm super immune to a disease. So I'm going to go sneeze on salad bar a wretched. That's my belief. The search for truth leads me to you know, yeah. Anyway, you were saying the same thing there but I think that is a misinterpretation. I think when I turn around it, it feels more about like hope. Yeah, totally totally what came to mind. My mind I've told you this story before but as a kid back in the day and 83 can't remember how long but before we turn the Jedi came out when we had started seeing commercials my brother and I for the Return of the Jedi action figures. Yeah, and at the time we lived in st. Cloud just a small smaller town at the time an hour outside of the big city Minneapolis. And my mom and I were going to drive into Minneapolis and I was like ask my brother if I see the return The Jedi action figures which one do you want? And he was like, it's too early then they're not going to be out. You're not going to find them, you know and but like I had the belief in the search for truth and I got Jedi Knight Luke and he got a good morning guard their just reward. You are Rex looking for your figures about go I believe. Yeah, I think that idea of just like if you have any faith or hope that there is the possibility. Yeah for more truth more discovery. Yeah, if you can't shut yourself off from trying to find that truth or that Jedi Luke Skywalker action figure out seriously for step begins with you. Exactly. So we've also been talking about the action because Clone Wars really does prioritize making sure that there's some juicy action scenes into every episode. So did you have a favorite action moment or two? I did it's a very tiny moment and it's it's it's when they're in the base the looking for Echo and they're all kind of going into different rooms and going on the hallways. That's it. That's it. The reason that's my favorite action moment is even at my job in the late 90s and I'm walking around Patrol and empty corridors at three in the morning. I'm trying to stay awake or if I'm walking down the corridor to buy old radio station. I would I would just pretend I'm a stormtrooper my brain Storm Trooper Clone Trooper same thing where you know, you're like who has a duck behind a corridor with a flashlight is a blaster. Yeah. They did we find so it's those little tiny little Star Wars. So, yep, that's what I used to do as a carer thankfully through the as an adult as a functional adult do they cover me cover me or when I did the 3D thing at the void in at the Glendale Galleria where you're shooting Stormtroopers and it's me and Riley and we weren't hard enough. I don't know about them. I was so in it. Yeah, I was biting my tongue which is when you know, I'm serious and I'm hiding around a runaround corridors, it's Corridor. So there's a little moment. I was like, oh, I like it. I get it. Oh, yeah. Yeah, check that door you check that door. Three two, one break. Let's do you like Corridor at door? You got a lot of corridor action for me this it's stretching the definition of action a little bit but I loved wrecker using the gonk Droid is a weight on the ship on the way there yet. Can we talk about that's oh my God. Yeah. I totally forgot. I did so funny so good. It happened and I shut it out wrecker is pumping gone. So I love that moment. Of Gunk droids. I was recently doing a stream on Battlefront 2 and I was playing with the Ewok and I used the Conch join as a shield for governor yet. Someone got mad at Nut Job real bad, but somebody the chat was like no don't you get it like he served his purpose know so specifically that moment and this is on this is looking back at myself reflecting myself. I love that moment. It's so funny. I thought to myself if that had been in the Mandalorian. I would have done 10 minutes on the podcast on how I don't like it. Really cause it seemed too cartoony. Yeah seems at home in an actual cartoon. Yes. It's as simple as that and another say I'm not saying I'm right here. I'm just saying I've literally had that thought first time I watch it it like that is pretty funny. Oh God, I would have hated that. It wasn't like episode 6 of Mandalorian. Yeah with Clancy Browns character the devil character. These people are God could lift upward ruin everything turn that off. That's not that's not Star Wars. Yeah. I mean this is extra cartoony because he was just hold it was a he had he had a Can leg in the other hand it was yeah, it was Hanna-Barbera leveling leg in the other hand. It really way. He did had a real Leeroy Jenkins Vibe. Yeah wrecker actress with watching continues Leeroy Jenkins of the bad match. So I like that there's the cool weird move that Anakin does with his elbow. I think I must have been like a force elbow push because otherwise I think it would have broke his elbow on the same thought that was nice, but then the other one all throughout There is when record goes charging out after again and it can be a little bit more columns in. This is a stealth Mission. Let's not attack anything in wrecker and losing his mind shooting and throwing the droids in the droids go flying out of the hangar and one things goes why? Yes, that was beautiful a Droid screaming why poor poor thing. And with that we are going to take a quick break and then we will be we will be back to dig into details of a distant Echo. And we are back to dive into the details of a distant Echoes are going to walk through this in order and talk about the juicy parts. So we've got the Anakin contacting Padme scene which might be the juiciest part of this episode for a lot of people. So I want to dive into a couple different aspects of it. How did you feel interpret? Bad Maids pregnancy cuz a lot of people saw this clip in the trailer and thought it was disruptive of cannon that it was obvious. That pad Mayo is pregnant that Anakin for some reason didn't look down. How did you take it once you saw it in the actual flow of the episode? I took it so funny. I took it exactly as that and I enjoyed that and I thought it was very realistic and I thought that was an indication of where Anakin's mind always is where he's in the middle of The outer rim sieges again. So that's great to see it reference. Yeah, it's very clear. I mean that's what she's doing. But but if you doing if you're doing bump watch 2020 in the course, she's not showing necessarily know and I can completely understand you're dealing with it dealing with attachments. I completely understand Padme just gonna wait for the right time. Yeah that this is not the time and I think sometimes if you if you allow yourself Star Wars fans to just play around with it as if these are real people creatures and droids you´re watching that then it reads very realistic to me. Yeah. Look, where is his head's all over the place. He's also worried about you know, nobody's going to knock on the door and that had so and she's just kind of it's a bad joke, but it's just kind of like you didn't even notice. I cut my hair kind of situation. Like I see it as that. That's why I love I thought this scene played just very realistic in terms of them as a couple. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, it did felt to me. Like hey, I don't think she is meant to be that visibly pregnant that it is. I tell you know absurd that that Anakin didn't notice. I really focused on it the third time this morning when I wash it. I was like am I missing something though? No, not show know and I think that a hand is just remind us that she knows yeah in this is not the time to tell him. I think you can even headcanon it of like they clearly have times for calls. Anakin is clearly late on some of them because this is kind of a desperate Affair. I'm obviously Get to have his quick phone call. I'll call with her his face time and it's fun to even imagine is like is this the time? Yeah that you'll be in the right mood. You'll have enough time and then she sees that oh, he's really upset and I got to be there for him. And he doesn't he's not even admitting first when he's like, oh, it's hope I'm Obi-Wan's gonna be here. Any second. Yeah. She even is like, no there's something more and it seems to me that obvious that it is not the time and he all even go Oh down this path a little bit of even if you want to take it somewhat negatively in story. Not necessary as fan but just like also that Anakin is is not super in tune with her right now that that also that might lead to stop stuff down the line where he's not super present in some of the parts of the relationship, you know is looking for the bigger picture and the attachment everything kind of sets in again as mine opens up. I sometimes like these moments of hey that kind of sucks. You didn't notice his wife's pregnant. Yeah, it does that's part of the Problem, you know that part of the situation. So I think I think if there's a motive most of its what you're describing the sweetness and her being very in tune with herself also knows husband can kind of get a little emotional and little crazy at times out. There is a big thing right thing and we have five seconds. Oh and he's also got a problem. And also like is he gonna if she tells him while he's in these Outer Rim sieges that he's already not being patient or reasonable about is he gonna rush home? Yeah in that seems to me that reminder of like Like you are doing your duty or helping the Republic. Yeah, these sieges are important and I my voice is needed in the Senate also seems like a little like, yeah, we will deal this with this when we absolutely have to do when the time is right. Yeah, I loved it because I said it on our podcast making the outer rim sieges a part of the story was really important to because it's such a big moment of her saying you're gone so long there's Whispers that you died and that was such a great job. He's like these sieges are taking longer than I thought is like that's what is sieges. That's why it's not a battle or a conflict or incident steps brassy would tell you that I had one of those streamers like that. This is the Webster's Dictionary. Sorry. I had no idea. Sorry about the II had one of the smile and for scrimshaw moments are like hey, there it is. Yeah, we are going on bring me those sieges. Yeah, and just that that that he thought he could bring them to a quick resolution. And yeah, she says that in a loving way, I recently re-watched in season 6 the Skippy. Oh Arc with Rush Clovis where and again gets so violent and even gets the point where patterns like we just can't see each other for a while and then right, you know, he rescues her and she's in you know, dire danger and Skippy. Oh and sees that she she sees that he tries to rescue rush and Clovis and like lots of other things have probably Bend but that's one of the last big moments we've seen between Anakin and Padme. So a little bit of Anakin's like I really lost it. I went really too far. Yeah, it hurt Padme a little bit of his like I miss you. I love you. I'm listening. I'm sorry. I'm trying to be a good Jedi. Yeah. It is interesting to connect to his absolute swing toward the dark side in that Skippy Arc in season six. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah effect. That is the last time that would make even more sense. Yeah like that. Yeah, I mean, I guess I'm we've seen but I'm sure you know, there's lots of Storytelling to fill in but yeah knowing that recently relatively recently there was a big swing. Yeah in a bad Direction. Yeah. And again I get again to wrap up leave my my final thoughts. I just like there's a lot of great things to the scene. There's a lot of troubling things if you're watching them and rooting for these crazy kids in love here. There's a lot of lot of things cancer can go to this and circle back to this scene in the Star Wars story. Yeah, but Mistakes a lot of them on Anakin's pardon and just her silently suffering at times. No one was good little traces with Leia likely has always going to do what's probably better for the team. Yeah, put it above herself. Unfortunately sometimes so yeah. Yeah out there but you really to me I really felt the love. Oh, yeah, not the not the the attraction and we fell into this we might die. So why not not the anything but just love actual love which is really really great to see totally. Let's talk about Obi-Wan. Oh, yes, the whole the great comedy tension of I noticed in particular when Rex is guarding the door other people walking by he's nervous. There's a sound of like a big clanking Walker and then you in Rex's looking alarmed and then you cut to it in its ob1 casually walking up and I realized that is great sound design to up the tension by hearing the thinking like no it's just Obi-Wan, it's going to interrupt haleh call maybe once making those sounds practicing scrap Dragon crawls and exactly so the big line that had the Star Wars internet. Abuzz. I hope you at least told Padme to say hello. Yeah, how did you feel about that? So I'll take it to a very real world part. I don't know why I mean I dunno why but we could psychoanalyze myself later. I've been in three big. Secret relationships at work by space. I don't know why I keep having it but it happens three times three times and you never our secret as you think and there's a long the way people who are like, okay. I'm just going to tell you I know or the people who play along that they don't know and then they drop little Clues I can't time and time again including during my days at collider. So I just had a personal connection to that moment. We're not even worried about the Star Wars ramifications or the other people know what that was like. Yep. Yep been there. Been there been in been in a secret Hollow call in a Barracks with my friends outside. So I like that from there in terms of in story. Yeah, he's not dumb. Yeah, he's not dumb the in that Skippy Arc is the time where Obi-Wan sits down in Anakin's room with the awesome podracing posters again is like it's normal to have these feelings. You know, I had those feelings for Satine and and it can kind of just want to talk about it. So he's he's open. In the door. Hmm think there was something that was fun about this because we spend so much time with Star Wars fans discussing it as the great tragedy of Anakin the fall of Anakin. What if Obi-Wan so it was just a strange breath of fresh air to see Anakin's desperation comic rom-com desperation to hide it and I'll be wanted to be like, dude. What do you think? You're hiding? Yeah. So there's like The Comedy of it. It was just a breath of fresh air. In a little bit of a kind of Zinger from sassy Kenobi that we getting in the Clone Wars so often. Yeah, but then the actual tragedy of it that will be when absolutely knows that there's a connection he absolutely knows that Anakin feels greatly for pad me that Padme seems to absolutely reciprocate those feelings, but I think not realizing. Oh they're married. Yeah. There's this depth of commitment that Anakin has taken more steps down that path than Obi-Wan is aware of That's a I really like that again to jump over quickly real world. I would already had already been couple months into a relationship and someone pulled me aside and event was like, hey man, I think I see where you're going and just you know, and I was like, yeah, we were we're already worried. But so to get real world but jokes aside, I like what you're saying there of just Obi-Wan like yeah, he's heard it on that path not knowing how far he's gone which leads again to some of the tragedy that's coming and if he and Anakin had just been unable to talk about it. If Anakin could have could have gotten over his inability to talk about it. Which again that's tied to the Jedi Order. Why wouldn't you attachment is forbid we know this so, of course, I'm not going to tell brother Anakin because I will take away our brother Obi-Wan they'll take away my cloak or whatever. Yeah, if they it's again a little little crack in the Jedi Order yet just between them. But just if they had been able to communicate and he could he could and it could be more open right and just sit down and say what do you want to do about this? Yeah. You want to leave the order? Do you want to end this relationship step back from this relationship? Do you want to try to talk to the council? But then yeah, there's this great tragedy because we know yeah, well the council's yeah not going to be cool with it. They're not going to have a a an understanding discussion and run through the options. Yeah here different sides. They're just gonna be like you effed up chosen one. Yeah, right there just gonna be on him mace is not going to make some little say some really weird things. Have you laid with her like whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I hear ya. You cannot hide your feelings or the images? Oh my yeah, but no, but I'm going to be a fun conversation. So it's not just this. And I made this I've been trying to the internet didn't the internet's definitely interested in this moment. The way that the internet is a capital T and I but I think I think there should be a lot of positivity connected to this moment in terms of Star Wars story. Yeah, and in some ways it's fun and shocking I think because it's this breath of fresh air in the way. It's told but it also lines up perfectly with Revenge of the Sith. We don't even just like Anakin is the father, isn't he? I'm so sorry, you know. Yeah, that's not a discovery made during Revenge of the Sith and Again, connecting those strings what you said earlier for him to in that moment or along the way Obi-Wan comes to that and it's even in his own head. Like it's farther along than I thought it's farther along and I thought this is not good. Yeah, I should have done something back then. Yeah. I know it sounds Gago mine or whatever. Yeah. Well, they could've just harder. Yeah. I also like in that moment. There's a little bit of I don't know that the actual title of the track, but there's a little bit of handmade Anakin's Love Theme. The prequels that oh, yeah and interests Universe, right? Yeah, horrible Star Wars stuff. It's the Sun song when twin Sons by nurse and said, yeah the side that on the force theme. Yeah. It's the one where they're angry what anyway and then just I do enjoy I have don't think it's actually on purpose. Maybe it is who knows we'll only has a sense of humor about these kind of things. I like that in that shot with, you know, I hope you at least told said hello to Padme for me. That no be one has The High Ground literally that he is standing higher on the platform looking down on Anakin. I did not notice that way for you sir. That's a good one. Always on The High Ground watch is many of us are so we're talking about the cancer Council High Ground watch. We need a logo for that High Ground watch 2020 as I ground who has I ground so there's a great shadow of the council. Will be one coming is a member of the council to deliver their opinion. Anakin's all calm about it. Like I'm sure the council is going to say yes and Rex is all like raring to go and like well, that's just go now. Yeah, but then I'll be one actually does show up and seems to want to tell Anakin that either the council straight-up doesn't approve or has a bunch of conditions in and I can just interrupt him is like great glad I got the council's permission by yeah, what did you make of that Dynamic? Perfect Dynamic and also a little bit of of hey Obi-Wan remember and you rushed off to try to save Satine so don't don't cast some Stones perfect example of yeah, I want to I don't want to cast aspersions at the council again, but some of the mistakes that make along the way and and Anakin is always going to snap judgment Rush on in there, of course, but of you know, we're talking about, you know, a clone life at stake here or the stake of the battle, you know, everything there's a lot of things. They're so he had a Monday and all them up there twiddling their thumbs. I'd be mad too. Yeah, and and again more proof for Anakin down the line to be like you they don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, right or wrong and it can think--and. I don't I don't know. Yeah, it felt like just Anakin and Obi-Wan having almost like not only won cuz he just kind of gets interrupted in size. But Anna can just having a little bit of the like we could have this long conversation, but I'm gonna go so I'm just gonna kind of plausible die. In deniability, I heard I heard go ahead. All right, and I think it is also like where we've definitely seen Anna can do that in a dangerous way before. Yeah. This is totally coming off of padmé basically saying Rex needs you in your ex is always been there for you. Trust your gut go help your friend, you know, there's no Anakin is calm about it. But there's no way he's not doing that right right here in there's no way. That you know, if you'll be wanting to say the council agrees that it should be checked out, but they think a squadron would go in you're too valuable and stay here. Why like him whatever? Yeah, I could just like know talk to the team to the mechanical hand. Yeah, it's the mack no harm and it again another insight into the relationship of the Jedi at large Jedi in general with the Clones, you know, and we always talk about Anakin of all people, you know, make sense having little more attachment Cody and Obi-Wan. Connection is definitely you know, you love Obi-Wan, you know, he's a good he's a good guy. Yeah, but you know, it's also a general and he's dutiful and and and and they want to get we'll send a squad of those replaceable clones. Yeah, you know reading some subtext here not saying it's directly coming from Obi-Wan. But yeah, but it'll be one goes along with the council for the most part you only rarely when he tries to rescue Sedin, that's yeah when the few times we just like, nope. I'm going so moving on we get to Geico minor we get to Z the poll tax writing their dragons which are called Kira Dax the cool Chase Crosshair riding the Cure attack. Yeah trailing behind the Cure deckhand on to the Village seen that whole section. We already talked about a little bit but did anything else really grab you in that area it just you know, it was a fun sequence for me. I sometimes yeah, you know, I sometimes will say I don't know sometimes the Clone Wars when they get these far. Worlds are some like that. Sometimes I can I do that thing where I'm like, I don't know. Is this really in the Star Wars Universe? Yeah, is this really it and it looked I'll say there's been some stuff in the comics that I've been like, I don't know. Is there a giant egg that Poe? I don't know but this one so I started that yeah when I was like, oh, it's not just a creature. It's something that's being written as like, I don't know then I just turn my mind off and I just really enjoy the entire sequence. And again I said, I love that they were just like we didn't want you here. So we took your leader. I love I love their design which also goes into that weird trick Droid Design. Yes. Yeah later. So I'll I did I just like this sequence and was one of those times where I just kind of was like sit back and enjoy this wild weird as you described it Phantasy Star Wars were yes, so great the creepy colorful fog. They absolutely yeah, there's fantasy is Dragon Riders Crosshair and Tech working together of tech just knows Crosshair needs my shoulder right now you fire this. Yeah. Oh, I love that moment of just like silent. Working together everything with Anakin's demeanor. And yeah, the design of the the poll tax was very cool and that vocal design. I think was just it felt very original trilogy totally because the Clone Wars did and the prequels in general did Lean more toward aliens just have different weird Earth accent sometimes yeah, where is original trilogy had grown up with hearing so much at ease or what the hell's night numb saying where the Ewoks a Like for the most part a lot of aliens, yeah did not speak any version of basic that we heard. Yeah, except for you know, maybe Akbar, you know, so I think there was a power and just hearing that like cool. They have a really different language until degree. I you know sort of going to solo I no disrespect to Linda Hunt. I still want Lady Proxima to have subtitles and you know, I just if some about it, it works when it's like a yeah. Yeah. It was really really cool. Moving along then Wat Tambor. So it just delicious to spend more time with Wat Tambor. We both love that weirdo what I want to talk about his specific line, but you said that you had some feelings on Wat Tambor. Yeah, just like I like seeing the stuff. He was one of those early punch lines in both good and bad ways to be the not even how you looked at the at the prequels at the time compared to now but just like it's so Star Wars e yeah, and if we didn't give it credit some of us didn't get enough credit at the time for being Star Wars The Edge, especially in Attack of the Clones. We're Lucas is doing 1950 stuff. Yeah, that's totally the design. So I just like seeing him forget even what he's saying or what he's doing. I just like seeing him at the Forefront. I just like when some of these separatists get their time in the sun. Yeah, they're time to spot on that level. I just enjoyed it there then we can go into what he said. Yeah. I just love him as a character design. I love his Ways I love the Name techno Union. I love that. He does. You're right. He does look like a little bit more like a 1950's space. Alien. I like that metal on his face makes it look like he was like a baking tin and then a green muffin God makes up and his head is the little muffin top with eyes imagine. They presented George were that design. So it's like a it's like a muffin tank. There's like a green muffin. Yes, George it is. I like it. Okay. Does he he he For battle droids he does so Wat Tambor seems to imply that the reason that they have Echo this prisoner of war and you get the sense that they'd actually like violation of you know, the rules of this combat it as much as there is between the Republic and the separatists that is being violated, but it feels safe because he says the Techno Union has corporate neutrality on the planet that that hit me. Just re-watched a lot of the Clone Wars political episodes that really kind of dug into. Oh, yeah. How do this separatists work? How does Palpatine scheming on the Republic side? Cause him to get more and more power over various institutions. How are they, you know kind of breaking the Republic financially so so everybody's in a hard time so looks to a big strong man like Palpatine going. Hey, you haven't been eating you haven't had much power over the Empire now and we're going to provide for you like all that great political story. So this one really had a punch to me of that idea of Wat Tambor clearly is separatist, you know will be one saw him. Yeah at the meeting in Attack of the Clones. Yeah on Geonosis it so they they have to know on some point, but he's still he and the Techno Union or still managing to be like, you know, but they're in our in our war were In one another there's some things that we can't touch like corporations on this planet get that you can't touch it, you know, and I just sense George Lucas's anger at institutions to have like this is a planet where this Corporation that's clearly involved in nefarious things. Yeah cannot be touched unless a brave band of Rogue Republic soldiers in Jedi who are not supposed to be there ya are. Gonna be like screw your rules Republic we're going in. Yeah. I've just pictured a smile and George no matter when this line was written back in the day where when the episode was originally intended or yeah, if it was anything new now George smiling, you know, it's almost like George was like a SoCal even the Jedi Order was George leaving. The Directors Guild really was like you look Q is me of a crime and you didn't what he wanted to punish her even Kirchner for where the directing credit was. I'm leaving I believe it but that's it all you know. What you're explaining the how this the realistic nature of this this war the bank's trade. You're a great example all the time. I go back to one of the first things we ever talked about where you were like, it's like Amazon having an army is the trade barriers like oh, yeah when you stop and think about that and what do you always say Amazon's blocking Delaware like so it all really tracks and all really works and it's all part of this great conversation about what the actual war was at the amok recede I'd feel for that fire. Yeah. I mean without getting into any depth in real world politics. Yeah. I feel like I'll for a lot of people just hearing the phrase. You can't do anything because of corporate neutrality. Yeah, I think across a wide swath of political spectrums just kind of makes one's blood boil a little bit right because it speaks to some large Institution. That getting away with things that yeah individual certainly can't a hundred percent hundred percent that should raise raise your little antennas if you're watching this episode and if you don't think Star Wars is in a seems to with politics. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know it all again. It all works in the separatists just to Palpatine's plan and Dooku's plan. Let's why it's working. Yeah, every wing is represented. Yeah time telling everything up in these sort of hypocrisies. Yeah. Fascinating stuff moving on to both something less complex and more complex those weirdo freak droids the D Wing droids. Yeah, it appears. We are going to continue to feature in this Arc. How did you feel about those beautiful weirdos lovely them and I'm not even sure why maybe it's because been playing a lot of Battlefront again, and I'm like, I love to see that the blasters the the way they you know, the resemble the poll tax why that why the Would you do that, you know, are they trying something new? This is a new version that never got out to the Galaxy at large. Just wonderful weird sort of not random. But random Star Wars fun. Yeah, just like it. It's just fun when you're in an era that is visually as well defined as the Clone Wars era is yummy into the seventh season on this show that you still just see this weird design. That's a variation of something we first saw in 1999 and go damn. Look at those weirdos. Look at the way. If I wanted to figure out Wanted the old classic Phantom Menace era, you know three and three quarters. Yeah. Yeah, just I just imagined that little plastic in my hand. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and and I read a little bit done Wikipedia when I was researching them. I think you know, we're going to see more about them, but for people who have not studied the animatics that I want to say anything more about that. There's something about them that you know, the the Techno Union experimenting with different Droid designs. looks so tortured they like reminded me of like kind of almost characters or creatures you'd see in John Carpenter or horror of like it doesn't even look like a comfortable way to be they look like abominate I've seen the word was on my tongue Abomination so Droid Droid a Nations Jordan agent ordinations Abominations yeah painful is a good way to describe it to like not natural even for Troy yeah like is that going to be functional for anything other than getting shot like the other regular battle droids look at me like poor guys how does that even work all right getting toward the end of the episode Echo is freed yeah how did you feel you said that actually this actual part was one of the things that resonated with you emotionally the most I just first of all it's it's done so well I mean the skin the the is that ice or mold I don't know any that this colorization that the plugged into the eyes I focus on the eyes the lay the twitching yeah like The yeah the legs being at least from the knee down cybernetic Parts there from what I gathered. Yeah, I just like it because it this is kind of a big moment for Rex for Echo for us as fans of the clone troopers, but this is really putting the humanity or the Clone entity. But Humanity of war the you know in front of us of the dark side, but also the beauty they can be found of that. You mentioned the line of you know you Came for me, you know, you you you know similar not like I like chewy and Rises Skywalker like yeah, not just some piece that can be tossed aside and the fact that he had some you know, I wouldn't say he's all completely there, you know and is ready to go drinking but like almost like Han and Carbonite. We're like you have some sort of awareness of what's going on some sort of connection to your past. Like that's that's horrible. But to see Rex basically said he shed his helmet in the Cena. And to and he is not a weapon of War. He's not a nameless number. They have names if personality and this leads to probably bigger realizations and Enlightenment about the Clones relationship to Jedi the Republic in the war itself all in this very kind of frightening in absolutes and frightening image. So it's a horsey my opinion if I'm watching this with my kid. I might be I don't have a kid by the way folks. Don't you love has a secret romance? Yeah and the office led to Ken's mystery. Child revealed today today but like that be that pretty frightening image. That's mandatory man. So but it's very raw and I just it just especially for wrecks like to see it all into the intersect into the scene and I liked it a lot. Yeah. I think you're really hitting a lot of the great notes about what I loved about it. I really liked the emotion but I also kind of like the clarity where we see him. He's got looks like rapid eye movement. So it suggests that this is a brain working on. see subconscious level being stolen from right and then I like that Clarity of of the first thing he's saying is the last thing he said of right that shuttle can get us out it'll get us out of the Citadel and really makes it clear of like he did not consciously choose to do this he was made to do this yeah and then becomes aware that he's in this horrible place and it's so touched that Rex came for him yeah you know to go from that that that gamut of he is not his choice yes yeah the horror of his situation and and the relief the love ya that is not just a piece of meat to be rejected to be used and thrown away and like if your Rex I'm just pulling this out if your ex and you heard that yeah yeah the council said we'll send a squad yeah the council want to know more facts on what's going on yeah just go and go Recon but don't get involved and you know Here it is. This person is being as living creature living living alone in front of you like come on caddy money. We're picking on ki-adi-mundi this episode. He hasn't said anything. But yeah, come on, pleau Coon getting money come down and stare at this. Yeah. Tell me tell me that this isn't wrong, you know dead Rex is gonna be kind of mad. That's the other thing that I really liked about it because we absolutely can and should be critical of the Jedi in the and the Republic it's the part of this era of Storytelling but To me. This is one of those examples of the Jedi are heroes who lost their way. Yeah, and the other side is doing awful awful things and like everything in this scene reminds us of that that Wat Tambor has a prisoner of war hidden on a planet where he thinks he's Untouchable. Yeah, because of laws and money and then just a visual language of that room. It's like aesthetically cool. I love the art deco design, but With like the lightning coming down the pillars that specific design is invoking Frankenstein. It's invoking Metropolis stories that are formative to somebody like Lucas in stories that are about questioning at what level can you mess with the idea of humanity and then it's not Humanity anymore, right? It's good getting to the heart of sort of the the Lucas theme of mechanization. So then when that to me is part of the Reason it is so successful. As a horror moment is not just the the natural feeling of like of our own horror at Echoes situation, you know, losing body parts, but just that cultural language of your Humanity being robbed from you. And I think that's what really really hit me of this isn't just a war tactic. Yeah. This is truly deeply robbing and violating someone's Humanity. Ready? Yeah in its it works is a whore moment on so many levels but it get it really hits to me that deeper core of of Star Wars of everybody is a value in everybody's Humanity should be respected but don't look band the door. Where the Techno Union. Yeah don't look bad. Yeah, we're working on some projects were working on some projects corporate neutrality related projects. So, yeah, so yeah so much love and I'm really pumped for the next the next. Step is owed. Yeah. What I assume will be the Escape escape from Sky coal miner. Yeah. Yeah my but yes, I know. I know many people watching like I know exactly what it is. So moving on as we wrap up any other character moments planets that we haven't touched on that you really wanted to be sure to touch on I think we did get to a lot of their I have been enjoying already in just two episodes. We've seen a lot of different things with the Clone Wars, you know new new entries and Wikipedia. Yeah a new entries that we could For some it's a gift late in the game and speaking of new entries. We like to do our action for your check. You already mentioned your action figure, but if you could have a figure of any character, who do you want would it be the Droid dominations? Yeah, I think so all I am not again. I'm not a true collector, even when I was collecting figures, you know, I don't build my armies, but just to have the weird like I could see I could feel the moving the arms around in my And yeah, just real like what is occasion. I'm going to weird. Yeah, I'll take I'll take a deep in Joy. Yeah, do you enjoy to be great. The only other thing I thought of is, you know back in the power of the forest days, they had those Cinema scenes. Yes. That was usually three figures my Cinema Scene would be four figures. I would love a Cinema Scene of of Anakin and a hologram Padme action figure talking and then directs outside with Obi-Wan approaching sacred tryst Cinemas. the secret call forbidden call Cinema Scene in stores now act out ob1 suspicion yeah every day I'll take that yeah that would be great alright so that is our look at the Clone Wars episode a distant Echo lots of great just fantasy design action humor but some great stuff that ties into the big picture story of the Clone Wars Skywalker Saga era and some stuff that really Dives deep into big star wars-themed attics can to end our episode what should the moral of this podcast episode be I think the moral lesson of this episode should be when traveling down the corridors of Life bring good friends with you that's that's actually a good one and I think about that the next time I'm in a court order don't go in quarters alone don't go into corridors alone bring your secret office Is partner with you? That's some wisdom from us and until next time this has been the Clone Wars Report.