Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m orDownload the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and here's your host. Alright. Hey guys, and welcome back to another episode of adventures with outdoor woman. And again, I'm your host Susie roll off. And today I've got another epic guest with me. I've got mrs. Kate Ibaka from Little Elm, Texas and let's all give her a big shout out and welcome and I'm going to let Kitty kind of take it from here. You guys might have seen her and Ryan on the real down last week, but this time I just got Katie herself all to myself. So we're gonna talk about some stuff and I'm going to let her take it away from here. They so yeah, totally just me running solo this time. But yeah, like you said I'm down here in little long, Texas and running my butt off going from Trail betrayal for the next couple of weeks, right? Yeah. Yeah, you've got you just had a Lake Fork. How was that for you? That was that was a challenge, but it was pretty much as challenging as we guessed. It was going to be when we were on the Reel down that's exactly what happened the weather. It didn't want to cooperate and with all the boat tournaments and stuff going on in the time. It was just it was tricky. I mean and you could see it on the leaderboard, you know, there just was not nearly as many fish caught as you would have expected for that many Anglers to be out there. I mean, there's like a hundred and fifty five people and not I think it was like 200 some catches maybe 300 something. Yeah, not quite the numbers. You're Expecting and the limits for each day two were pretty low numbered as well which is yes, but then at the same time for this time of year and the weather you're like well, yeah, I mean, that's really that's the gamble you take on Fork like most of the time it doesn't matter. You know, if you're if you're going out on Lake Fork on a beautiful day you would be surprised at how tricky it can get it especially their so heavily pressured, you know all the time up there. But yeah it was To get on them for sure, right? Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, if you guys haven't listened to the real down I make sure you listen to that kind of learn more about her. But if you haven't Katie is a Pro Staff on Old Town. She's in a predator. I mean you can look at her shirt there. She represent me Old Camp. She's also a part of well, I guess, you know instead of me talking about what your part of you know, how about, you know, just Of briefly go over your pro staffs and everything. So I'm very proud to represent old town. Obviously. The fish brain app is another company that is taking me on this year as well as Anglers Pro tackle here in North Richland Hills in Texas and Lake Fork trophy lures and rod socks up in Emory, which those guys always take very good care of us whenever we compete up on Fork, so we always stop in and see. Ronnie when wherever we're up that way, but yeah, I'm fortunate enough to have all of this all of those backers. So it's very cool. Awesome. Awesome. Good deal. And of course, you know, you've also got your website fish like a cat. Yes, ma'am. That's that's like definitely cool creative Outlet because I really don't limit myself to what sort of content is going to be on there, you know, originally I was like, I'm just going to do like sort of a Blog and Then it morphed into more of like I much rather write informational stuff and educational stuff and on top of that sometimes I like to call her. So I also started busting out like handmade drawings on their have like explaining different techniques and whatnot and like that stuff went over really well with people that's been like really well received because you know, I think sometimes a problem Anglers have just in general. Nobody wants to say what they don't know. They don't want to admit it. Even to ask you know, like I don't know how to do this one thing or they'll hear something but not know what the term meant to begin with so they kind of already a disadvantage every once in a while and that's why I like to you know fill in that gap of not being asked directly but kind of like pushing the easier stuff so that you get a good base knowledge that you can build on rather than just being expected to just know all of it. Great, you know, and that that's like a that's a Perception, you know that a lot of people have to season danglars, you know, and you know, that's the other thing too is like what really makes somebody a seasoned angler is it five years? Is it 10 years is 15 is a 20, you know it varies, you know, and once you get to kind of sort of that status then it's just like you feel like you have this expectation to know everything and be able to share it with everybody but then you're secretly like, I really don't know how to do the Carolina rig if somebody asked me right now, I'd be like, hang on just a My friends texting me a good Carolina great, you know and that's really I mean like you said like there's you know, what is the standard, you know, a lot of people like to you know argue. Oh this person's not really a pro or they're super season angler or whatnot, which I mean don't get me wrong people that have been fishing since they were knee-high to a duck. I mean sure they've probably been fishing for a while, but when you look at it from this perspective of all, right, what's the The average amount of time somebody's on the water just a regular Joe type of person, you know, probably a couple of times a year maybe, you know are throughout the summer but you know, so you look at that. But since moving to Texas we go out on our on our kayaks. I don't know about 250 days plus out of the year. So that's when you start like, okay. Well you may have only been doing It for the like for us, you know competitively for the last two years, but that's like over for 500 Days on the water. He's real. Yep in that short amount of time. So it's really like it's really relative. I mean, you can learn a lot very quickly, but that's definitely a good question of like, well what makes you there bring it? When are you at that point? Great. Yeah exactly, you know and Like, you know, I feel that you know, everybody can teach somebody something, you know, regardless of what level you're at, you know, even a newbie can peaches teach a seasoned veteran, you know something because yeah, yeah because I mean like, you know veteran could know every trick of the book, you know, and they have somebody new come in and just like the way that their mindset is and they're just like how do you stay so calm, you know, like, you know stuff like that. It's anything it's a you know, it's that type of thing. And on top of it, you know, it's it's the stuff that there is something to be said for a new set of eyes on something. You know, when you don't have a preconceived notion of like why would you ever put that thing on that rig that doesn't make any sense and then six months from now, you'll see it all over YouTube everybody's doing it and they're calling it something new and like somebody accidentally did it once and it worked out really well. So, you know any like you said I absolutely believe that everybody can teach Buddy something right? Yep. Exactly. It's here. It's I thought of a thought but then now it lost me. But so yeah, I know that you actually, you know, I don't want to say like that, you know, you're kind of like this this rare lady but like, you know, you have your spouse that you get to fish with, you know, which I'm kind of envious in a way but then sometimes in another way, I'm just like I wonder how that would really be between with me and Adam be enough. So, you know first, you know before we kind of delve into that, you know, so I know you guys were married in 2018, but tell me how did you meet you Ryan so funny story. I actually met Ryan this will be going on 25 years ago. We grew up together in the same town and ended up going to Junior High together. We were at different elementary schools, but wound up obviously going to Junior High. Together we met when we were about 11 years old and we were always just buddies growing up. You know, we used to go ice skating every Friday, you know that was like thing to do when we were younger. So we just always were friends, you know through Junior High and high school and whatnot. And as adults. We just kept trying to like we would randomly run into each other like every couple of years. Someone would have a birthday or graduation party and we would see each Other and kind of catch up but it wasn't until you know at one point we both ended up being single and available and just got into a discussion over the Steelers losing an AFC Championship game and somebody triggered a conversation on a thread that I'd started on Facebook about it. And that kind of led to like a private message you like. Hey, man, what's going on? I haven't seen Seen you in forever. We should go, you know, go grab a cup of coffee or something, and we've not. Not spoken or been in part pretty much since then. I was like four years ago. So right but yes, it was one of those like weird, you know, we always knew each other we never dated back then but sometimes the stars align just right and parades. You know, you realize you're like, holy crap. They were right there the whole time like, right exactly. Yeah. Exactly. It was kind of interesting to when me and my husband had met we were actually we're like Of those online couples, you know, I'm at that. We actually met on eHarmony, but we had actually met once before back in college because we're both kind of from the same area and local College, Illinois Central College. We had met very briefly back then you know, and when we were messaging each other during the kind of get to know each other on eHarmony and when I know he's like he's like, you know, I am a hundred percent sure. I've already met you before once but it's like really briefly and then like we got together. And he told me I'm like, oh my God, we totally did, you know and it was just so funny how things work out like that sometimes, you know, you just like look at like guys like I mean, they sometimes you know, the corny sayings of like is right in front of you the whole time. Yeah. It's like life's little ironies just like haha actually happens like that sometimes but has his Reign always kayaked efficient since you Him or did he get into it with you or did you both kind of get into it the same time we both we both fished obviously, like before we met each other. We were both younger and when we got into fishing, but we got our first kayaks together these Pittsburgh, you're both in Ocean kayaks, which is like it was pretty cool that you know later on this became a thing under the same brand, but we had ocean kayaks and they were awesome, you know up. There but we came down here and it wasn't about two weeks that we were like, yeah the winds way too strong. We're going to need pedal guy acts because that's just I mean that's a lot of work to Pat. I give mad respect to you all the guys and girls that cattle, you know, not pedal because great. It's not my it's not my bag man. But yes, so we ended up we got into it together, but You know three three years ago is three four years ago. That really wasn't a big thing up in Pittsburgh, you know, we kind of got a lot of crooked looks of like what did you do to your canoe, you know type of thing, but we just rolled with it when we came down here. We were like, oh my gosh, we found our people like the great other people know our Colleen. Yeah. So when it comes to like, you know fishing gear and everything, so are you guys like do you real and cast with like the same hand or you both different you book use the same we both we both are right-handed naturally and we both left hand real. Yes. We're backwards. Yeah budday to you because you cast and you keep it in that hand. There's no that. Back and forth and back and forth, right? That's just how we always were, you know, that's how we always fished even when I mean back in the day. We might have rocked a spinning rod. Maybe you know somebody that's what I grew up on was a spinning rod. I didn't convert grew faster until like maybe four years ago. Like I hadn't even touched one until like four years ago and I was like, oh, this is actually kind of nice Whole New World Can't pitch very well, you know, I'll get a bird's nest, you know, like crazy but like other things like I'm just like, you know, I can cast frogs really far and I'm like, this is great. But when it comes to like, you know tackle and gear and stuff like that. You know, how are you guys about like, you know sharing do you have your own separate stuff? Do you share a lot? Do you steal each other's stuff. You know, how is that kind of it's totally a little bit of all of those things just like I mean we do have Like our are like joint tackle sections that are you know, the stuff that you change out throughout the season, you know, our bait type stuff and plus, you know, Plastics and whatnot. But there's stuff that's in both of our tackle. That's like these things. Don't leave me ever and if you look at them, you know like Jared these are mine and it's not a lot of stuff. It's like simple stuff, but it's like My jackhammers. Those are my Jackhammer members and like the like frogs and stuff. Like he does not like to frog at all and I'm all about it. But I have like my super awesome bully walls and stuff that like no I don't like to share these ones but when it comes it comes like simple stuff like Plastics and whatnot. That's just practicality wise we pretty much will every bag of plastic we bout We split in half most of the time unless it's something it's like a really small amount in the bag. But like it's It's Tricky, you know financially because you get people and they're like, oh, well, I'm going to go on this tournament. I bought like ten bags that color you don't buy that many know like we bought one it we're just hoping to keep them going for the day, you know, exactly, you know, that's actually kinda gonna be like my next topic to, you know, being a married couple debt. Both share the same hobby. You know, I mean people who do this all the time by themselves. They don't think about their like well that's twice the expenses, you know for a lot of stuff, you know, the entry fees, you know, I mean the gas and stuff is, you know, sometimes about the same but like everything else, you know, I mean, yeah, that's a lot to take in and take on sometimes and it's not always cheap, especially not with the OB on Fork. The bass of and Logan Martin and then we'll be right back onto fork for the next bass event. You know, I think like a week just shy of a week after being up at Logan. Martin will have been at all three of those events and that gets a little triangle. I mean, yeah, and and for you guys who are listening or watching and you're not sure like how much those events cost per person the bass event is 250 per person. The Hobie events are 235 per person, you know, you take that times, you know, three or four, I mean you're looking at a thousand dollars already in like less than a month, you know, so you driving like Alabama that's going to be a 10 and a half hour drive from here. Like we're totally into road tripping like that's definitely we love doing that but it's just the like, oh my God, like are we Be able to make it back type thing, right? Yeah, exactly. It's just like all right, you know what sacrifices do I have to make this week? You know, are we buying Ramen to last us for the rest of this week, you know so that we can have a hotel to stay at or have enough gas to get somewhere, you know, a lot of people don't think about this, you know, it's just like you both love and share the same thing you share, you know your finances but you use them at the same time to in the same way. It goes just as fast. I mean, that's why we you know, we talked about out on the real down about we really do try to make our gear last a long time. You know, we try to take very good care of it, you know everything off soaked on Fork. So there was like a tackle explosion in the next leg of our great here in our tackle box. Everything was laid out to dry because we can't we can't afford to let you know a whole box of something rust out or you know Gear start to get all nasty and rank. So that's another like tricky part of it. Is having the room to do all of that just right dude, they all that stuff out was kind of tricky, you know, great. Yeah, you know and if you know, you have something go bad on your something like that and if it's an expensive thing, it's just like yeah, man, you know, we gotta sacrifice a tournament because you got to pay for, you know, a expensive part or something like that. There's the truck breaks down. Then you're both out of luck. You know, it's just like another blown a tire like when we Left a tournament just last summer. We were leaving it was one of those what's that noise, you know and you kind of start like truck feels funny like what's going on and sure enough. We had a big old piece of metal stuck in the tire. So, I mean that stuff happens to you. Yeah. Yeah, the the always expect the worst to happen is like Murphy's Law, you know, it's crazy. But you know, you guys don't have kids or anything to you know, and you know, we before we started recording we had talked a little bit about that too. You know, it's just like what would happen if you guys were to you know decide if you have a kid, you know, it would change things dramatically. You know, how would you switch off everything, you know, would you have to go solo and just like trade-off, you know or it just yeah, we we have like talked about that because we like been you know. No, either way we be happy if we don't ever have children, we be happy if we have children, you know, whether it was planned or not. We be happy there that's just how it is. But if that happened anytime in the near future, that would definitely be pretty challenging because I wouldn't want to come off the water either and I would definitely probably take the stand of like You got to share this like we made it so probability, you know, but I don't know I would not put it past me or us to be like, well they make slangs right like it can it can ride in front for a while, you know the and then we'll just put it on the back whenever it gets a little bigger like I mean, it might cut back on the amount of time. We're physically on the water but you know what it comes down to it. I don't think it would. Halt our career. I think it would just make it a little more, you know of a juggling act to do it, you know, plus we have some pretty amazing neighbors that I mean, that's how we have dogs and we travel a lot but our neighbors are absolutely incredible. So I mean into doesn't want to like help watch a squishy baby, you know, so I'm just saying, you know, we make a great I mean your kids are your pets right now too and even Hat can be really expensive. You know, there's a buddy of mine from like the Chicago area him and his partner been together for a long time and they got a dog but you know, they'll take the dog with them because like putting a dog up in a kennel for a week can be a couple hundred dollars because he's like, yeah st. Bernard's yo with two of them and I can t I don't even want to Fathom what the pet hotel rate is dogs that size. Are all right. It's just it's that was one thing that we all really really fortunate that you know, we have neighbors that love dogs and are right here that we don't have to disrupt them like that because even just going on a car ride for that long like I it was tough bringing him down here because it was like a twenty four-hour drive. Oh man. It's just like I mean having to stop a lot to let them move around so they don't get all you know stiff. But yeah, they're definitely Is there another challenge but that's one of those things like you just find a way to work with it, right? Yeah, exactly. Yeah, definitely interesting things to kind of think about and consider with all that. I mean, yeah, I'm glad you know, and I've had this decision for a long time to of not having kids, you know, but like coming to like, you know, the perceptions and stereotypes and what not when it comes to women, you know, I still get asked like what are you guys gonna have kids? I'm like, we're not and you know and like a lot of people are sometimes like oh why not as like because it's my choice. Like I don't want to have kids. It should be an expected thing. Like, you know, why is there this perception that like, oh, yeah, you're a woman you have to have kids once you get married. No, I don't like yeah, that's what I do with my life. Like I don't I don't want kids that. So what if you're not okay with that that's your possession of what you know, you think a woman should do but no well, that's one thing, you know. Other night on kvn man when they were talking about that subject and mentioned that you know in so many words. Somebody got told like you need to go home and spread your legs. Like that's one of those what like somebody actually said that to you like that would know you would not want to tell me that yeah, meaning that one of those that's a really personal decision for people and you know, it's none of their business why you do don't or want to or whatever, you know, if You don't like if you don't want to discuss it or you know, not to mention the fact that they're single dads out there to you know, all the people like oh, well, if you had kids you wouldn't have time to go fishing. Well, I know law is single dads like we see them all the time that you know, they make it work just like everybody else, you know, it's not exclusive to Chick staff to figure out what to do for child care. So, you know, we all fits both ways. Yep. Yep. Exactly. And yeah, and you know, it's just a lot of things are just taken out of perspective. But you know in the kayak fishing industry. It's not really known a lot of Anglers who are like single parents and fish in are in the big the top 10 the top 50. Let's say, you know top 50 in the nation, you know, you think about you're like, okay, they might be married, but they don't have kids they might have a girlfriend. Or something like that, but like, you know one or the other usually doesn't have kids you don't really hear see about it, you know, and that makes me wonder too is just like if these big top guys had a family would they still be able to do what they did? You know, that's the other part of it too is just like there could be you know, the next you know, big gun out there who has a family but they just can't do it because you know, they have to support Family and make their life work. Well, and that's really, you know to a point it is kind of if you want to really have a dog in the fight here that is almost kind of like a well I will just put it off for now like it's not it doesn't work for us right now. And that's a decision that you know, we make just like people who decide to hang their stuff up and just be you know, like a weekend warrior, you know more power to them, but that is one of the trade-offs of like Okay. Well, do you love it that much that you're willing to arrange your world to revolve around it? And unfortunately, that's kind of what you exactly what you have to do. And I mean it's hard to make all of the expenses now. I couldn't even imagine having to buy diapers on top of it. Like that's just not right. Yeah. Yeah exactly. You know that's another part of it too is just you know, the expenses and everything and coming back. To being a professional kayak angler, you know right now we are slowly creeping up to that level of where it can be sustainable to make a living off of it. We're not there. Yeah. Yeah, but he's got their thing. You know, there's obviously there are some hammers who just like they're collecting twenty thousand dollars a year in winnings. All right. It's about that though like $20,000 to to a bass boat world. That's like chump change to them. You know, right when he's that's not like yeah, that's nothing blows the boat. Yeah. Yeah, that's about I mean, yeah kayak stuff and everything, you know that the expenses for that is cheaper, but like also at the same time, it's just like the payouts, you know, first place in a local club might be six hundred bucks and that's just like well, you know Oh that was entry fees and gas and hotel and lodging for like two events. So it's just like I broke even for like two months, so that's great. But all right now I gotta go do it again. You know, it's a constant battle, but it were not there yet to get to that point of where we can make it a sustainable living profession well, and it's just, you know, like you guys you guys have your podcast and stuff like that. You know, I run a website you've got And people who are guides and all this stuff and it's like right now if you're trying to actually make a living from doing this it's not from the winnings. It's from the combination of all of it, you know, if you're able to make money from a website or from Guiding or whatever it is that you do you kind of just have to juggle all of it and do everything all at reims. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, like people who have YouTube channels like I've heard a lot of mixed things on like what People actually make from YouTube earn whatever. I guess it just depends on like how many views or likes or something like that? I'm not quite certain, you know, but like you got to think about that too, you know, there's a lot of people who make really good content out there. But the time that they have to put into that is like nuts huge. It's crazy. You know, you have a 30 let's say you've got a 25-minute video. That's probably what maybe It could be two days of recording that you have to go through so you have to sit and you have to watch that you have to slip and cut and Ed and everything. It could take you two more days to get that to get that done. Orally. Just did it recently. Yeah, right kayak lighting video that I just did that was that was two days of recording and then another like week of editing. I mean because there's just just a mass amount of footage that's part of why it's been hard to get into. You know filming on the water especially during a tournament, you know until they make something that has an extraordinary battery life and its memory can last and you don't have to fiddle with it. That's like one of the downfalls of action cameras is having to change this stuff out and you know when you're talking about a card that's this big itty bitty on the water. I mean, it's cool that it's compact. But at the same time it's kind of like I don't have time to mess with it like when it shuts off its just shutting off. But it's yeah it's done, you know, and I mean, you know people I've seen people now we're the ones that do have the removable batteries. They just take the battery out and put the charging cord in it. They like will use like a clear coat or something of guy can't even think of the term of it right now not epoxy but like silica, is he a silicone around there? So like it doesn't get wet or whatever in the run the cable to their battery so that it can Run all day, you know, but then again it comes to a matter of well, how much can that memory card hold, you know, because certain cameras can only take so big of memory cards to so then it's constant. All right. I got to switch this out. You know, just yakked lie like I mean, especially when you know, that's one thing on a kayak you're not ever going to have a camera guy in the back. It's another one of those things, but hopefully I'm really open, you know with the new bass series coming up. You know, I think that's going to do a lot of really good things for the sport just in terms of getting more exposure even I think that'll be a big deal for that. So I really look forward to that as well. It'll be nice to see how that goes. The only thing I'm like just a little bit not worried about but just like Like that'll be interesting is seeing where all 230 something Anglers are going to be at. Yeah, I mean it's a very big lake there's technically enough miles of Shoreline and whatnot that everybody could be a mile from each other theoretically but there's only so many Gramps. So who's going to make a run to the spots that are way way out there, you know in a place you've never been that's other Gamble. Yeah, exactly and you hope that there aren't any like best tournaments going on there too. You know, I don't think there is but you never know. That's the other gamble that sometimes you take with kayak tournaments is the bass boats, you know, they don't care about you know kayak tournaments. They're like, hey, we're gonna go and go full bore and not even paid attention to anything. It's just like, all right, great. Ooh, you know, so yeah, that's one of those, you know, we all do share the water together. It does seem lately though that there are more people that are aware of our presence on the water at least a little more. So that's that's cool. I mean every once in a while, you'll have somebody who does something crappy and you know, like either cut you off or slams to a stop and give you a Title Wave but yeah, those are like fish is right at your boat. They'll throw the lawyer so that it like hits the water right in front of your kayak and I'll just look at him be like is there not a For water in the lake for you, dudes, like what the hell? I mean it happens, but that's just people in general. All right. Yeah. Yeah, you're in have above but yeah, I am I am excited to see how the first bass event goes, you know the coverage that it gives and you know, if it's really going to blow up and you know get big from there. I mean it'd be exciting to see you know, it's that's a great thing about this sport right now is like when I first got into it, you know, it was still in its infancy, you know, and now now we've grown to where we have the problem of having too many tournaments to choose from you know, which you know some people in that Yeah, we're some people want to complain about but it's just like but that's a good thing to have is having too many options, you know, but I can see it from you know, different perspectives for somebody new. They're like, oh I can try this and see how it is, you know, whatever. I've got local stuff. I've got National stuff, you know, but for like a pro, you know, they have these big events that they're, you know, kind of geared towards because you know, in order to try to make a living that got to go for these big tournaments, you know. and sometimes they're halfway across the country for them, you know it which I mean granted that's what the bass boat guys do to you know, but then again at the same time though, like the kayakers, you know, we got to try to make a living but the payouts just aren't there to help us do that, you know, so it's trying to get the sponsors as well, you know, and that's the other thing too is, you know, the sponsorship, you know, I know we had talked about, you know, like what it is to be like a pro staffer and like, you know people hating on on that and everything and they talked a little bit about that on KP in the other night to know we both had some interesting talks about that, you know, but I would also agree though that you know, we need some of these sponsors to like step it up for the kayak industry, you know, because they're missing out on such a awesome opportunity right now. I don't think they have a clue yet. I think once we get the exposure at Ass I think they're going to start catching on because they're going to see how many people are into this how big of a world is like that and that's the Hope really I mean and that's like, you know it when we were on fork for Hobie, you know, they made a mention at the end of the tournament. They were talking about the fact that like, you know, this is like, this is our time we're coming into that that point in the sport where it's starting to turn people's heads. And it's catching people's attention and it kind of is like, you know where the guy's like really eyes that are here like on the front line, you know, it's all of us came from like different capacities of it whether you know, you got into it just a little while ago or you've been fishing your whole life. It's pretty cool to be like the first line of people that's like it's a whole new sport, you know, that hasn't existed. On the professional level yet. And you everybody loves to throw around, you know, oh, yeah post off your 10% discount or whatnot. But like the reality of it is Pro Staff is very different across the board and you know, once you start getting up to a certain level not working for just a discount anymore, but that's all like you said that's all individual and each sponsor is different, you know right now and Hopefully, you know after this year or at the end of this year, maybe we'll start seeing more companies step forward that are like, hey, I would love to have you represent our brand. You know, that would be cool. Right? Yeah. Yeah, you know and yeah, you know the also kind of piggybacking off of that to you know, the talks on kvn about, you know, well, you know having the people misrepresenting and everything, you know, it's just like, you know, that's one of those fine lines were just like, you know, sometimes you Really do anything about that, you know the best thing, you know, sometimes the best thing that you can do is just be like, all right, you just got to accept it for what it is. But what you can do is go out there and just you know blow them out of the water like show them what you can do and show them how much better you could be then, you know these other people and if they're going to turn you down for you trying to be your best and that's shame on them. Right in like a long lines that you know, when it comes to you know, somebody who's misrepresenting themselves or whatnot, you know that when it comes down to it at the end of the day. It's pretty easy to spot those people, you know even just talking to them. There's you know, the simple stuff that they don't pick up on or whatnot or just etiquette things and whatnot. So, but for the most part, I mean, like I said, I feel like those people dying themselves out pretty Like we know why you're really here. Let's get real. You know, you did those of us who were like no like we pretty much live and breathe this like it's not the likes and the social media and all of that. I mean, it's all well and good but like not only is that stuff like exhausting to try to keep up with all of it. Yes, but it would it's so unreasonable to be like, oh, yeah well, Don't you post every single thing that you catch? Oh my God. No, I would never sleep. Like there would be there's just not enough hours in the day. But you know, I don't think it really takes anything away from you know, people that are you know, their heart is really in it for some people that are just doing it for now I guess is a good way to say it. Yeah. Yeah pretty much pretty much. Yeah, you know and you know, that's been a thing for me too is just like, you know, I'm not here. About getting you know, all the likes and everything, you know like that that's not important to me. You know it. I think I'm still figuring, you know myself out and where I'm going to go with everything but I've definitely got a better idea, you know, and sometimes it's hard to not want to always go with the flow to you know, it's just like you always kind of get like that that drive to like be with everybody else be like everybody else, but then you got to step back and be like, no. No I got to be true to myself still. Still you know, I gotta be me, you know, right like so I mean and that's like a that is part of the challenge when it comes to being a female angler. Like that's one of the things that like it is a weird balance that you have to do, you know between you are trying to stay legitimate and realistic and not all of us are in to you know pink pretty stuff. Much just aren't you know, we're true Tom ways. We just get down and dirty like everybody else and that's just how it is. I mean, I don't know. I think there's a place for everybody though. I think the world is big enough to have all those people involved but I definitely dig the fact that in kayak angling in particular that doesn't seem to be nearly as much of a problem as far as the interaction with the guys like I don't expect to to be put on a pedestal because I'm a girl, you know, I that that whole mentality of like, oh, I'm just gonna walk in and do whatever I want. You know, like that's that's absolutely not the direction. I would ever want to go because I do in you know, I truly love this Sport and I want to be respected but I want to earn someone's respect. I don't want to just inherently have it, you know for one reason or another so You know that type of stuff is it's important for having to you know, yeah. Yeah, and you know, when I first got into this sport, you know, I always think back, you know to my first event I didn't I wasn't even cognizant of the fact that I was a woman kayak fishing with a bunch of men that didn't even cross my mind. That wasn't even like in my plane of existence at that time. I was just about I'm going to go kayak fishing. And I'm going to go to try catch fish in this first tournament. I'm just going to see what the heck's going to happen. I didn't even think about anything else, you know, like nothing else existed, you know flash forward to you know, where you know it I've got some popularity. I wouldn't say that I'm like high up there or anything but like, you know, and I'm like crap. I really gotta think about being a woman in this, you know thing now because it's just like, you know, people are gonna see me for being a woman whether I like it or not. You know and I'm just like, you know, I have never even like wanted to think about using like that power for anything. It's just like why would I even try because those weird, you know, those weird topics of like, oh, well, they just got that's boxes or chick. Well, no, it takes like quite a lot more than that. I mean, I'm not saying that never happens. Obviously that does happen when I mean you always see it all the time. But you have to look at the overall picture of an angler, you know, not everybody is going to be the top of the field every single time. It's not realistic. Even the Hammers across the country. They don't win every single tournament. That's just how it is. So it's not just about your performance in tournaments and whatnot. I mean that definitely does add another level to you know, just who you are as an angler that you're willing to go. Eat but just that whole like oh she only got that cause she's a chick. Well really or did you happen to look that like she puts in a lot of work in like interacts with the community. Yeah. Why are you making that assumption? Are you making that assumption because how she looks or you making that assumption because of her Facebook profile because of her Instagram file. What is making you jump to that conclusion right now? Do you know this person? You know, I like to always want to like ask people that sometimes when I when I hear people People say about them like well, what makes you think that like really like is it really because she's you know a lady like come on, right? Let's talk about this for a second. You know, tell me tell me your thoughts on this that's mean and that's really and like I started say before that's really one thing that's been very nice at least here in Northern Texas, you know, pretty much in Texas as far as we've experienced. I've not had any of the We sometimes years and pretty awful stories about you know, I guess more on the boat side of things. I've never I've never even fish from a bass boat. So I had no idea this specially in tournaments on but the guys down here don't ever come across that way where it's like another loan type of thing. It's more like hey, can you stick them? All right, cool. That's all it matters like this. I I do appreciate the fact that you know, I don't want to be treated any better or any worse. It's just I just want to fish like that's all that comes down to like the we all have the same goal. We just want to fish. Yep, you know, that's what it really comes down to you know, and it's the the other part of it is 2 is just like, you know, when the the spouses of men out there just like honey. I'm not trying to steal your man. That is not even of right in my mind. Like you don't even understand like I'm trying to out fish him right now. I don't care anything about him I could. Less about the way he looks or that damn it. No screw that. Yeah. I have heard it there some some ladies at get a little mad, you know, when they hear that there's another lady on the water or that you're going to meet a group of friends and wiser girl their type of thing. Well, yeah, that's pretty much the farthest thing from my mind at the time, you know, it's to jump to that conclusion is always like yeah, it's usually totally not even closed out how things are actually good, you know, the interactions that are going on. I mean, I don't know how it is. Like when you go out fishing with a group of friends, but you always end up like just you know, go in your own directions. Anyway. Yep, so, you know, it's not like this intimate setting that some people must have in their minds. It's really yeah like it's like by myself. It's a solo sport. You know in the kayak fishing World unless you're in a tandem which you know, I have seen once before but it was a married couples like it made sense like okay, you know, but it kind of sucks to because you're stuck with that person. You can't be like, oh I want to go over to this covid on the other person's. I know I'm gonna go over to this tree over here and then you like right foot Yeah, it's just one of those things it you know the and like the whole like being married and and fishing at the same tournaments and stuff like that. I mean when we were talking about it, you know on the real down like man, we are competitive like you did we don't rip each other down at all, but we definitely don't help each other. Like I think there is like some weird assumption that like, oh, well, you guys are a couple so you probably like letting each other Like hey, you know you should fish over on this side. No that is not a thing at all. You know, I don't I don't want that disingenuine win. Anyway, you know if I'm going to if I'm going to land them, I'm going to land them on my own from what I was doing. You know, I don't I don't want that, you know type of treatment I guess, you know, and that's another interesting topic to is, you know, you don't see a lot of of couples fishing together, you know that do fish together, you know, and it's just like do they do that specifically because they don't want that, you know assumption or perception put on them or what, you know, because like when you do see a couple fishing together, you know, everybody's going to have that assumption. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, they're totally going to tell why wouldn't they tell you know each other where everything is just like why do you always have to jump to that conclusion, you know? I just stopped it, right. It's like one of those like yeah, we do have to launch at the same launches, but a lot of times now, I mean, you'll see us go and completely opposite directions. So that's really just like a that's a silly perception. But I mean it is cool to have a spouse, you know, the fishes I know yours is not into it from what I gather but it's a fun hobby to share like when it's one of those like you love it just as much as I do. You that it is cool. You know people are like don't you ever get tired of each other like that? You're always your hobbies in your life. You guys are always around each other and no man like because it's a kayak because we can go on this side and that side whatnot. You still have your own private time, even though your bows on the water, but I don't know. I guess we're just like we're still a couple of kids in junior high that just like to hang up. Exactly, you know it's just like we're still out here doing what we love and what we enjoy. Yeah matter of the day, right? Exactly. Exactly man. I had a really good thought when we were talking about that and I just completely lost it the things that you mentioned about like, you know, well, I am starting to kind of become somebody's getting recognized more. And more like you mentioned you're like, well, I'm not like most known person in the world, but people are starting to recognize you and like I do think there is some sort of a level of like inherent responsibility to its especially the younger generation. Now that doesn't that's not to say that like, I'm sure there are a ton of women out there who want to get into the sport or they want to even just Bank fish, but they don't know how to get into it or they feel intimidated by it or what? So in that regard that is one of the things that's like no, I think that's kind of to a point, you know, you do kind of have a responsibility to set an example of heck. You can do it to you. You don't have to be afraid just because it's a boys club, you know, that's right anymore. Like I bet you there are a lot more of us out there than people realize and yeah. Oh, yeah and like so those of us who do have the opportunity to have a spotlight, you know, where A platform to talk. Yeah, like I'll raise my voice for that exactly exactly. You know. Yeah, you know and it's just it's also too, you know, I think about you know, why or what keeps, you know women ladies, you know, whatever age from getting into fishing, you know, it could be a million different reasons, you know, maybe they're too scared to go out there because like, you know, they aren't okay with touching. Like worms and fish and stuff like that and it's just like, you know, it's okay right admit that you know, that doesn't make you any less of a person or a lady, you know, and that is also the common stereotype that is put on women to you know, like and it's like it's okay to have that, you know into somebody's going to shame you for it, then tell them to get the hell out of there if you know like screw them for you know, thinking that you're a wussy or whatever. It's just like know who cares. Here's what this one person thinks. You know, you're going to have a hundred other ladies who are going to be like just do it go out there and do it and just like you're going to develop, you know this passion and you're like mine's gonna be blown at like how awesome this thing is in like become an obsession as well. And it's just like yeah, you're gonna you're gonna miss out on so much if you don't give it a try. Right, and I mean there are there are so many different people from all different walks of life. And a lot of the women's groups on Facebook and whatnot. You know that type of thing every once in a while does come up or summons. Like I'll just admit it. I'm afraid to touch a fish type of thing and you're like, hey, they make gloves for that. Like that's alright if that's going to be your I know dudes. They don't like to touch base. You don't like it's a thing across the board. That's just not something that everybody talks about all the time. Or like just making those little adjustments for somebody who maybe they don't want it, you know get on a national Trail and compete and all that stuff, but they want to just get into the sport could get out and get healthier and you know be active but their families, you know, I so for all those reasons like it's definitely I liked it more and more of us are starting to kind of like come out of the woodwork and say like, hey man, you can do this too. Like here's it. Here's some information on it. You know come visit our websites or our podcast or whatever. I mean, there's so many Avenues now. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah it is and the other thing too is just like, you know, don't let that stupid perception of you gotta be a bikini girl the Go cake fishing and look good catching a fish. No not now the fish don't care what you look like. They're just worried about getting food. And if you put it in front of their face, they're gonna eat it exactly and that's really is like, Like, you know teach their own if that's like if that's how you want to roll and and catch fish, you know in a two-piece more power to you. But you know when you're out there like really dogging it for the day like that's not the right attire for me personally, right, you know much rather be you know in full cover and you know with a hood and above and whatnot. I mean, especially when you're on the water in Texas, son. do that it's been you do that half naked and you're asking what you're asking for cancer I mean just free well not only that but like you know all right you know you're out there catching fish and everything the first time you have like a weight or hook fall down in there then you'll learn your lesson you'd be like oh yeah this isn't like very functional is it no honey it's not put on real quick like protect your body that's functional you don't have to impress anybody just fiction that's what and like that's part of what's awesome about you know the kayaking World there isn't there's nobody to impress you know where we're fishing alone in our boats like there's never going to be a marshal on this shoulder and a camera guy on this shoulder you know that's that's part of the beauty of this sport overall you know there's obviously attention is going to grow the more the sport grows but there's still that like crunchy down-home feel to it where you're like nope still just me and my kayak and I can get way farther up in the junk than a boat can sew and I can go around the the shoreline and get the lures that the boats leaving the trees with the bushes to sad bolt really a good hobby that's like last time exactly you know and you know when it when it it comes to you know setbacks for people to is just like you know who cares if you're you know in anybody thing or very large woman it doesn't matter if it gets you outside and it gets you have to just do it right there's no there is no perfect female angler out there everybody has her own style and you know their own thing and pay that's the that's the really cool thing about this sport is like bring it on I'll see you on the back right exactly exactly exactly awesome man um what else was I going to ask you or talk about today it's just like it's been interesting so like before we did our recording like you know sometimes when we when I record with guess sometimes it'll be a quick little chat and then we record and then we chat a little bit afterwards and then we call it a day sometimes I'll talk with somebody for a half hour or so then record then I'll talk with them for a few hours so in Katie leaving in record last night we talked for hours I just like it's worth it is Elvis pre-fund it was harder those like Ryan I'm gonna do a podcast real quick it's probably like an hour or so maybe a run over a little bit no big deal and like four hours later I was like um so we had Really good discussion. It was really nice to meet somebody who's another female angler that like has a lot of the same feelings on a lot of stuff don't you don't get to you know, really talk about stuff with somebody who has a lot of the same views or whatnot. Like I mean it is it was fun. It's not something I looking for to do that in the future. Maybe you know, that's the thing that could be a thing. I don't know anything can act out. Right exactly, you know that's the other thing too, you know about ladies getting into the sport, you know, it's just like you never know who you're going to meet, you know, or what opportunities might come from it, you know, I mean you could have like the next best idea for making a product that works for every female angler. You know, I mean, you could come up with a the coolest coloration for a fishing reel, you know, because you know like you were saying I don't want this hot pink, you know real. I was like nah, no ain't nobody got time for that know, you know, I want some cool colors, you know, I'm with greens and purples and blues. You know, I mean, those are typical like guy color sometimes but like I want some cool stuff too. Hey, I'm right there with you I freaking well see I'm more I guess monochromatic is like I digged it moves like my gear is black and whatnot. But like I do have an Abu setup of a Vengeance or no Vengeance. I do have a Vengeance but the one I'm talking about is the Veritas and I have a rocket on that. So it's a white rod with a red real which I was like I'm gonna not like this but it's pretty sharp. I'm not gonna lie. Like I dig that it's like a way different color combination than you see normally you because everything is like mostly black or blue, you know, right? Yeah. It's just so like, you know monotone across the Boris just like I want more customization, you know, I mean, I've seen guys get pretty creative with it, but I'm just like you bring women into this. Oh, man your minds are going to be blown. Yeah, like outside of the like not all of us like pretty pink princess stuff or just that plain mint green, you know Ty Imodium green kept opening. Yeah, like salmon colored study, you know, not all of us girls. Girls are into pastels. That's just not how it is anymore right for you. That's just not my style. But that's like a whole other discussion of its own. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah for sure. Awesome. Awesome. All right Kitty. Well, do you have anything else that you want to bring up any cash like that? What's that? What's your next event? my next event it will be next week on Thursday will be up in Alabama for Logan Martin we will totally be rocking the water with those two hundred and thirtysomething other people boy and involved will be coming right back home and the next basavanna will be on Fork so we'll be all over the place and now people can actually find us like you mentioned my website which is wwwf fish like a cat.com and that's where the K but I did just start constructing team Bacca.com because that just you know that was a thing it just kind of like naturally happened obviously so all of the associated social media things you know with that and what not and we'll see if YouTube like becomes more of a thing in the future we talked about doing that you know trying to get more content on there but we'll see how that goes yeah but you can definitely follow along with stuff we're doing when you find our stuff online make sure you know you know like throw up a following And subscribe or like or whatever thing it is on whatever platform you're on hmm awesome yeah and well will actually post all those different leaks links on our YouTube post to this episode then also on our Facebook will definitely get you tagged along with your sponsors and your websites and your Instagram handles and all that other fun stuff see definite definitely well Katie it's been an awesome time chatting with you today and definitely some good topics here and yeah I think L will call it a good day it's been great time having you thanks for coming on and you're welcome and to everybody else out there have a great day and hope you get on the water soon go check out the website guys paddle the letter N in fin.com also check out YouTube youtube.com forward slash paddle and Finn if you got a question comment want to hear from a future guests feel free to email us at paddle the letter N in fin at gmail.com don't forget to follow us on social media we're doing giveaways announcements things like that at Facebook and Instagram at paddle and Finn shoutout to our show supporters Rock Town Adventures leveling canoe and kayak hammered lures fish lures TRC covers catch products go to catch products.com you could put the paddle in fin logo right on your catch board don't forget to go over and pick up your jig Masters jigs use promo code pmf 20 and save 20% today don't forget to rate and review the podcast on whatever platform you're listening to it helps grow the audience helps others find our podcast so please drop a five-star rating in on the podcast platform you're listening on don't forget about the Recycled Plastics program you guys take your use plastic baits put them in an envelope mail them to the address in the show notes are man Eric Richards at hammered lures melts toes down makes new baits and donate some to various chapters of Heroes on the water