You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that and home pod?And he will point to it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now. I'm like we're fine. There's nothing here a kid in the background and crying there. Okay. Yeah, they're fine. So I hit the music and you're our happy as soon as that music comes on. I feel something inside me and I love it. And it feels good feels really good Ellie. I'm glad to be good to feel good. It does feel good to feel good. And when you're feeling good what? To feel good if feel you know what I was thinking about some when you were talking about that, you know, it reminds me of feeling good feeling good. We're on the same page on the same freaking page and we're hope you are on the same page. Welcome to the Ellie and Jared podcast where we have where we feel good. We have been into the new year for a little while now and I think it is time that we re talk about our goals refocus and I'm a firm believer. Of not just making goals once a year, but you have to check in on your goal. Absolutely. It's just like hard work. Mmm. You can't just do one thing and then all of a sudden you created a masterpiece, it takes a lot of time and commitment and it's like building a puzzle and we're a few months into this puzzle. And how are we doing? I don't want you to stop talking. That was amazing. I feel a little inspired good only that was beautiful everything that you just said. Do you want to keep going or do you want me to me to ruin everything that you just said you can go into it. I'm going to do my best to you know meet that caliber. I don't think I have ever been so excited for a sponsorship before thank you thrive Cosmetics. They are our sponsor for today's podcast when it comes to beauty products. There are so many choices. Why not demand more from your favorite Brands. I am more motivated than ever to stick with high-quality amazing products that are both vegan and cruelty free and that's why I love Thrive Cosmetics Drive Cosmetics products are made with high-performance skin loving ingredients. Clinically proven formulas highlight your best features with long-lasting wear. All Thrive products are formulated without parabens sulfates and phthalates. Thrive Cosmetics doesn't just have incredible makeup formulas if you guys tried their mascara, it is one of my favorites their skincare is also amazing any effective the bright balance three in one cleanser is a multitasking ph-balanced gentle formula that removes long wearing waterproof makeup and leaves your skin feeling soft glow. Going and never stripped or dry all of the products that I have tried from Thrive Cosmetics over the years that I've purchased myself. I have never ever been disappointed with the bright balance three and one cleanser is a new product that I have introduced into my skincare routine and I've really enjoyed how gentle it is especially around my eyes. I love wearing a lot of eye makeup and I love that. This is a three in one cleanser Thrive Cosmetics never test on animals and has been leaping Bunny and Peta certified as Lee vegan and cruelty-free hands down. This is one of my favorite things about Thrive Cosmetics is they give back for every product purchased Thrive Cosmetics helps Women in Need Thrive by donating funds or products their causes include women emerging from homelessness surviving domestic abuse and women fighting cancer. So start thriving and help women in need today by going to thrive Cosmetics.com Ellie and Jared and use code Ellie and Jared. 10% off your first purchase that's Thrive see ause Medics.com / Ellie and Jared code Ellie and Jared for 15% off Thrive Cosmetics.com. Ellie and Jared code Ellie and Jared. We want to take a minute and think today's sponsor which is care of care of is a wellness brand that makes it easy to maintain your health goals with a customized vitamin plan that helps you feel your best today and support you long-term care of has a quiz that helps you find the vitamins and powders that will support. Your specific health goals this year, like improving your Fitness routine or managing stress. The convenient daily packs are perfect for an on the go lifestyle. Just throw one in your purse or gym bag. And you're on your way care of is focused on the quality science and research that goes into each of their products and recommendations. All you do is you take a short online quiz and answer some of the questions about your diet health goals and lifestyle and Cara will recommend a list of vitamins and supplements specifically for your health needs and goals. I took the quiz it took 5 minutes. It was very easy and I had some concerns about my heart sleeping and energy and it gave me a list of vitamins that I could take that they could send to me and those were garlic magnesium vitamin D and fish oil boom. Send it to me. I'll take it Ellie and Jared listeners can get 50% off. Their first care of order. All you do is go to take care of.com and enter code Ellie and Jared 50. That's 50 percent off your first order. Of care of just go to take care of.com and enter code Ellie and Jared 50. So what I want to talk about is how to make a goal. So we have these goals. We have these things that we want to do throughout the year. But how the heck do we even do that? There's an acronym that I want to talk about that helps us make goals. But first I think we should talk about the goals that we have and see if it falls into that acronym. So Ellie, why don't you tell us about the goal that you have for yourself in the year 2020. I will do a teeny bit leading up to that. I have learned over the last few years. I don't like for myself writing down a list of 10 goals or however many I don't like doing that because I do feel like it is a distraction and it's not that it's too much or too much work because we all can handle a lot because guess what we're all doing a lot. I see your comments. We're all juggling life and I feel like we're all doing it better than we're giving ourselves credit for absolutely real. Think of it right now. Yeah, Jared and I are and so when I write down those 10 goals or however many it's just like, okay. Well, I got to keep track of all these and it can get overwhelming. It can get distracting you're going to drop one. It's and so I've like to do the last few years is write down a word or one goal and that really does mean more than one because my word this year. It was intentional and That means I'm going to be better with spending. I'm going to be better with my time. I'm going to be better with church. I'm going to be better with my work like it that already there's four goals like yeah, so I am going to be intentional it feels like that's like a theme for the year rather than a goal for the year. Like that's the theme of your year is intentional. I'm not going to have like a little tent. Yeah. So the end of the year, I'm not going to check. Box, like all the little things that I did because we all know that those little things are going to add up to be one big thing, but I can already tell you that from when I made that goal till now I am a different person in a matter of a month and a half. Well good. Well, I hope you can tell us a little bit more about that after we go through this because I'd love to hear how how you've been able to accomplish that and what you've been able to accomplish the perfect. So my goals I have things down and You know, these are things that I had written down at the beginning of the year and you're probably going to laugh because I'm never ready feeling but that's okay. Obviously, that's fine. That's totally fine. But so here here are Jared's 2020 goals and it's not a huge list. This is something that I felt like I could accomplish it was some of it's difficult, but I feel like I could accomplish it. So number one intermittent fasting five days a week. I may or may not have heard that it is not 100% necessary to intermittent fast 7 days a week some guy who does intermittent fasting on YouTube says, yeah, I take the weekends off because it actually helps with the regular intermittent fasting. That's cool. I could ask Landon because that's literally what he's studying right now in school and maybe I should have done that before this podcast, but guess what I didn't and that's okay. Can you hear my throat? No, I hope people care are you going? Sometimes Ellie this is okay. We should have talked about this in the pet peeve podcast Becca. I forgot about it. Ellie will sometimes make a sound like this. It's just angry when I get anxious. Yeah, when she gets anxious he makes that sound okay next goal podcast at least 45 times this year. Wow. I want to do 45 at least 45 episodes in the year 2020. So how many would that make? So that's there's 52 weeks in a year. So that leaves a little bit of time for if we accidentally make miss one or like holidays. It doesn't land on a holiday, you know that type of thing. So 45 Like that's that's a good mix medium for our podcast cool and then work out 3 days a week. That's like a minimum thing that I want to do now and I'll talk about that a little so those are my goals are great goals and I really like the theme that you have for yourself this year and I can't wait to talk a little bit about more about that. Now, how do we make goals and people don't like doing it? No, they don't and part of me just feels like completely. The unqualified to even say this stuff. I'm not from our experience. Well, this is not necessarily my words saying this this is an acronym that has been used for a long time. And as I'm saying this this is for me as well as is for all of the listeners. I want to tell myself this just as much as I want to tell you this because when you teach something when you tell something you're learning more than the people who are listening 100% Best way you can learn something is to teach it. I love it. So very true. No. Yeah guitar lessons when I was a kid. I had to teach kids how to play guitar. You better dang. Well, be sure to know that I had that stuff down when I was teaching it when I would have to teach a class like in college like we had an assignment your it's your turn to teach the class this subject. Yeah, learn more of that time. Absolutely because I had to be prepared. So teaching is the best way, so I'm hoping that this works. X let's we need to have like the business corporate music playing. Let's talk about goals. Let's talk about being smart with our goals smart you say that's the acronym for today smar T smart goals. Yay. My Jaws on the floor. Let me go pick it up. So smart goals. You've probably heard of This Acronym before but this is how you make goals and Acronym goes as follows specific measurable achievable relevant and time-bound now Ellie if you're to take the first letter of each of those words, what do you think? It's Bells smart. You're just mouthed it to me. You're smart. I think they could all hear that. You think they could hear ya. So specific. Let's start with specific. You need a specific be specific with your goal setting and this says you're goal should be clear and specific. Otherwise, you won't be able to focus on your efforts or truly feel motivated to achieve it. That's why I like doing it. This way for me is having a theme or a word because I'm being intentional that can even be with eating right my diet healthy exercise money. It gets so broad, but it's also so specific. It feels like it's an all-encompassing goal. That you can ask it to every single question that you're asking yourself that day. Am I being intentional by doing this? That's is that kind of what you're thinking? Yeah, I'm good. So when you're drafting your goal try to answer the following five W questions I did for because I was thinking of doing I have my hand held up in a four because I think in 5nw and between that is for anyway, so the 5w questions, what do I want to accomplish? Why is this goal? So important who is involved. Where is it located and which resources or limits are involved. So what you can do is you can take the goals that you have set and match it to these the to This Acronym to see if it's truly smart goal. So after specific is measurable a measurable goal should be should address questions such as how much how many and how will I know when it is accomplished? The next one is achievable and achievable goal will usually answer questions. Like how can I accomplish this goal? How realistic is the goal based on other constraints such as Financial factors relevant. Does this seem worthwhile? Is this the right time does this match our efforts and needs and my the right person to reach this goal. Is it applicable in the current socio-economic environment? And then finally time-bound a Time? Bound gold will usually answer the questions. When what can I do in six months from now? What can I do six weeks from now? And what can I do today? Time is the biggest absolutely for me. Yeah. So tell me why I think people get scared of making goals because oh well, it's you know so far out a year. I'm going to drop that. I'm going to forget it. It's not going to be relevant. That's why I specifically like to make goals monthly or weekly. I'm a really good task do our list maker. So that's why I have this broad goal. But hey, I'm going to look at what the month of January my goal is to take a mental break will Guess what at the end of January I for The first time in years don't have this fog. I can think and see clearly. Well now I'm going to have a goal for February and I'm to see where I'm at. And maybe I'll go back to videos. Maybe I'll go back to doing stuff. But let's just see where we're at. You know, like I'm just taking it step by step and doing what intentionally I need to be doing perfect. Well, and that's and that's totally great. And that's not just with videos. It's just like just with a lot of things that I'm working on right and and like I said, I do want to hear more about that but so going To the smart goals. I'm going to plug in the goals that I have set for myself and see if they work out for this. I'm anxious because some of them you haven't done. So maybe they were smart or were not they probably weren't but so intermittent fasting five days a week podcast weekly or sorry podcast 45 podcasts a year and work out 3 days a week. I have done two of those probably not even very well, which is awesome. Yeah, which is really good at intermittent fasting so specific. What do I want to accomplish intermittent fasting five days a week done? That's very specific. There's a date and there's a thing attached to it and time, right? Yeah like that measurable how much how many five days a week? That's totally measurable. And if I do more that's fine too achievable. How can I compost your goal? How realistic is it? The thing I think people sell ya people set goals that are you know, so far above and beyond that. It's so hard to read. But they kind of set themselves up for failure. And that's where I love that. You said I do it by month having those steps to you know, stair-step yourself up to that goal is is so important because it's Snowball Effect exactly that yeah, if you do it try to do it all at once that's going to be so heavy as a snowball and so high in the sky with stair you've done an intermittent fasting it was so easy to jump in for you to jump in there. You haven't gone out of the house you haven't Gone to work out babysitting your goal three days a week was a little too high at the beginning for what you really could accomplish right? I love that you're helping me with this because it's exactly right. So the being able to achieve the goal making it difficult to achieve but not impossible. I think that's like the biggest thing you want to be able to really reach it but struggle a little bit to do it because when you struggle you kind of Come out of your shell a little bit relevant. Does this seem worthwhile? I think so, I'm losing a little bit of weight while I'm doing it. Is it the right time? Yeah, it's after the holidays. So I think I'm okay and time-bound. Do I have a time to time just to do it? Yeah. I want to do it five days a week for the whole year. So absolutely. So I feel like those fall in that it is a smart goal. I could probably be a little bit more specific with it and say what Jay that's the thing. It's the Acts of it. Mmm, if you were to just say I'm gonna work out 3 days a week you have to specifically where are you working out at home? Yeah at a gym is the dog part of that like time of day. Yeah. Yeah more specific the better. Yep, and that's exactly where I thought of with the podcast because the podcast goes in the same thing. I'm trying to do something a certain amount of times and for the podcast. I want to do 45 this year. Well, Is that specific enough? I think it is but I think you could get even more specific solutely. I can I turn my have not talked about this beforehand. So it's we're literally looking at each other like in a combo. Yeah. Yeah, that's exactly right. I would definitely say you have to specifically know when you're going to do it. We just like to hang out 3 days a week. It has to be Monday Wednesday Friday or you're not going to do it three days a week. Yeah, and if we try and do a podcast the day of it's not going to happen because that's happened before. Yeah, we have And oh, we should try and do a podcast today. Well, guess what? We're not Perpetual attend. Yeah, we're not prepared about what we're talking about. Ellie might have something come up that day. Our schedules have to align so being prepared in the specificity of it. When am I going to do is what day am I going to do this? Who's involved Ellie's involves? So her schedule has to match up. Where is it located if we're on a guest if we have a guest are we going to their place or they coming to our place? How much how many that's answered the Five achievable. Yes. Is it serious? It's not 52 weeks out of the year because we've already missed that one. But you know, we can make up for other things by recording multiple podcasting one day, you know those kinds of things can help with that. So how realistic is them? And I think that's part of the reaching of it the how realistic is this goal? Am I going to be pushed a little bit to get it done? Yes, but is it within reach till absolutely and then the time how are we going to be able to spread? Podcast throughout over the year scheduling it is so important. So we want to make sure we do that. So Ellie and I have done our best or I've done our best because I'm kind of the scheduling person on this to schedule what podcast we're going to record on what day typically we set aside Monday's to record podcasts and sometimes that doesn't always happen. So we have to reschedule later on and then we'll talk about what podcast so smart. Some of those goals fall into that some I could be more specific on Work Out 3 days a week. I have not done that once this year, but I tried to make an effort. Did you write it down because you really wanted to or did you write it down because that so everyone else writes down know I wrote it down because I really wanted to and even before the new year like in November I schedule the time with a trainer to help me start things going and it just fell through on my fault and my My goal is now is to email him back and like get things the ball rolling again. That's the goal. We'll see if it happens or not. And what we should do is at the very end of the year do a podcast to see how well we did our goals cloth your goal. Your theme does not really fall under the smart acronym because it's smarter. I just hit my head on the ring light that's strong you shatter it. I hope not. Oh, I I really like my goal for me. what have you seen or what have you accomplished in the two months that we've been in the year with intentional living my goal going into having it be intentional living was to come out of the Year feeling like Ellie's making decisions for Ellie, not Jarrod not the kids not managers not like I'm doing it because Ellie's doing it my goal coming out of the year was to feel like I could think better for myself. I felt just so fogged and distracted in my mind and already I can say in the last two months. I made a decision to take a break more. So from social media and intentionally upload whether it's a video whether it's a picture whether it's a Story intentionally do it and I've done that and I'm going to go to my mom's house in a week and film a cleaning video and like I intentionally want to talk about cleaning. I love cleaning I want to do that. So there are things that I want to intentionally do with work and I've been able to do a lot more work with Bali because my mind is not so tired. So I've been able to do better. And my efforts there, it's not that my time. I have all this time now. I'm just as busy but my quality time with the kids have just it's a it's gone crazy. I feel like me and Tommy have this new bond that we didn't even quite have earlier. Yeah, we vote, you know, obviously, he's my son like we have a great Bond, but it's just he's my baby. Yeah, and I've been able to Baby him a little more and it's been really fun for me and I don't know. What else well, I was going to say the thing that I see is just that like it's really cool to see the decisions that you've made intentional living and making choices for you because guess what when you make those choices for you, it kind of lifts everyone else up to like because you've been able to make these decisions. It opens up more time for you for the kids and for us as a couple it kind of benefits Everyone by doing that. I love that like when you say you don't have that fog in front of your eyes anymore. I feel that yeah as your husband and I think that's really cool to not have you like it. It's hard to describe but there would be days or Ellie would literally just kind of like sit and like sway back and forth because she just didn't know what to think know what to think or do or how to process something like it was like her mind had turned off like a computer. And I don't see that anymore and it's really cool there. Like there are definitely days where you're frustrated where you're tired because guess what you've been working on Bali for fifteen hours that day from 6:00 a.m. To some wild weeks leading up to our launch which it is launched. You can check out Molly Brown. Yeah, Bali brand.com. It's been an amazing thing to be working on. But thank you Jared that was nice of you and I definitely see it with the kids too. I Then good to say no to things to I've been saying no to things that really just are important or as important like hey Ellie. Do you want to go on a date with me? No, I'm living for myself. That's totally a joke. It's just been really good. Yeah, and in all aspects of my life, it's not just work. It's just there's been other things that I've been just I feel really good about it. There's and it's cool to see that firsthand because you are seeing the results of your goals already. I love that you have a theme or a goal that allows you to do that. I ate intentionally brought home a bunny. Oh my gosh. Can we talk about this bunny? We haven't talked about the bunny in the podcast before we said that we had a bunny but we haven't talked about the Benny. Yeah. It may have been mad at me. We have a bunny we Bunny Jared was mad. We have a bunny. I mean, okay, let's talk about how this happened. Oh my gosh, where do I begin? So l a year ago? What remember a year ago. Go ahead with this. I don't know if I believe it is rolling his eyes. I said, I think I want to get a bunny but I'm like to be distracted right now. We can't take care of it. What about the chickens? You said you want to chickens. I know I was talking about chickens or a bunny at the time. Okay, then we put it aside. Yeah, we definitely did and then two three weeks ago. I brought home a bunny. The bunny is a full-grown dorf Netherland. Beautiful. Ellie said she was going to run some errands with the kids and I was working on something Bali related. So basically I'm doing something for you. Yeah, like I'm providing a service for you. Is it I said, I think I'm going to go pick up this bunny. Okay. I'm going to look at the bunnies. I think is what you said and then I'm like, okay have fun with the kids and I'll see you when you get back and then Ellie comes home with a bunny in her hands and just the happiest face on her like she looked like a kid on Christmas. Okay, let me say this one thing. Okay before I get back into it the bunny stinkin cute. It's a cute little bunny. It's fun, and it's cuddly and the kids love it. Period period period period I I just think why a bunny well, you could have come home with a dog another dog. I've a friend for Penny to play with why bunny, I don't know. I used to always think that I would get chickens, but you know what? I'm glad that I did this route instead because even though chickens are amazing because you get eggs from it. This is more of like a pet. I've never thought of having a bunny as a But I have always thought of bunnies being like in the wild creatures. Yeah, but it's really happy bunny and does a lot of Binky's which means it's really happy guys like like Hops and jumps and like swirls. Yeah. It's cute Ellie's watched a lot of YouTube videos about people who have bunnies and there's a lot of people who have bunnies 101 rabbit girl. Just you and me, huh? I was like, how did you find me? I've watched your videos. It's this young girl that does bunny rabbit videos and she's like, Been watching you since Calvin. I was like it was so funny that I was found grilling over her. So we have a bunny that's new. Okay. Anyway, that was a side track that was intentional. But like I'm a I want to make is it intentional to make me upset about it? Ya know. What was your goal you like Anyway, this was a complete side track of what our goals were. I just wanted to talk about the bunny. We want to take a quick second and thank today's sponsor of our podcast, which is Anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest. To make a podcast. It's what we use right now. So let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other places. You can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. We would like to take a minute and thank today's sponsor of the pond. Cast which is Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now fancy that on Spotify you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are and you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram if you haven't done so Already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for us Ellie and Jared on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow us. So you never miss an episode of our podcast Ellie and Jared. I feel like I'm really happy with the new year and I don't want anyone to be discouraged. If you feel like you failed your goals or whatever. That's why we have a year and that's why we have year 2021 and that's why we have your 20. T to re-evaluate and don't get down on yourself. Look at your goals and tell yourself. You know what I'm going to only work out one day a week and that one day even if it's just me and Penny are going to work harder today. Awesome. Yeah, it's a reevaluate. That's exactly right and that goes back to the achievable part just because you have set a goal at the beginning of the year doesn't mean that you can't change it and we evaluate it and change it. So if three days a week is Too much go down to one day a week because that is more got from their realistic and achievable and then ya like it like Ellie set. So just because you have one goal that does not mean that it's written in stone and it has to be that way you can you know, what if you achieve your goal earlier than you expect make another goal, you know, so it's it's nice that we want to improve ourselves everyday. That is I feel like that's Ana goal that we as parents have that we espouse. Is have is we want to be a little bit better than we were the day before and that we all know that doesn't always happen, but we always want to try our best because if we're better than than we were the day before we're making we're making the best version of ourselves that we possibly can. We will always have some sort of failure a little bit here and there but what makes the difference is us getting back up and trying again re-evaluating the goal making the steps a little bit smaller a little bit closer together than they were before. And I love that while Ellie's gold doesn't necessarily fall under the smart thing. It does kind of Follow that in the sense of she's setting her own steps. She said in her own paces and she's allowing it to Encompass those various different things and I love that because I feel like having a goal a smart goal and by definition would more stress you out than it would be allowing you to be able to do it. Yeah you feel this. For me, it's it's working out better. Yeah, I would love to know what your goals are this year. Have you guys been keeping up with them? Have you guys been re-evaluating them? Should we call re-evaluating them instead of failing at them chocolate. Have you been re-evaluating your goals? I think we had talked about goals one time in someone's like I don't make goals are a lot of people said that I don't make goals because it's overwhelming or I don't like that. I feel like a failure. I really wish people would change their perspective on it's not a failure. Yeah, we all have to have goals to be to be achievable. Mmm. Well and if you're if you have your constantly failing at the goals, you're not setting realistic goals. There are two other like a Snowball Effect it is it's like people that get overwhelmed when you're cleaning a house. You don't have to clean it spotless or you don't have to clean the entire thing. No. No. Yeah on cleaning. Don't have one day be tweaked be cleaning Saturday because then you're going to spend the whole day cleaning take the trash out Wednesday. Do the dishes Thursday do the wet like clean the bathrooms fries not do Little Steps want to feel accomplished? Yeah, and then once you have that down packed and it's a routine add more to it. Yeah, add a second room and it's step by step day by day Fresh Start Over You know what it is. It is little by little wouldn't you say that we are able to accomplish great things it is that snowball that we continually I mean when I started playing guitar, I wasn't going to be as good as my dad was the first day. It was practice and even working with Bali like this is a good example when we started it was Bonnie Joel Jared and I we are two years into a brand and just now we're feeling a little a little more. Okay, I think we can do this because we've we've reached goals. We've had goals now we have employees it took us years to get like employees. Yeah, and and to keep them and to manage them and It takes time, but you have to start small but you'll get there because I've seen it in all aspects of my life. We've been examples of it. Yeah, you know the roll out the build and a lot of times great things in life take time. So I can't wait to hear what your goals are. I can't wait to see how you're accomplishing them and what your steps are to accomplishing them. Let us know you can find us on Instagram @ Become a tele me come on Twitter and Instagram and using the hashtag Ellie and Jared podcast. This is podcast number five six this year. We've only got thirty nine more to go something like that. I don't know but honestly honest-to-goodness guys, I love doing this podcast with Ellie, but it doesn't always have to be just Ellie and I one of the goals is to do podcast with other people. So we would love to know who you would like to hear on this. Podcast let me know I'd love to schedule something. We all you know, we have friends that we would love to have on the podcast. But if there's someone that you specifically want that we don't may not know let us know and maybe you can set up a contact with us or we can reach out to thank you guys as always for taking the time to listen to us to spend part of your day with us. We appreciate it. Be sure to check out the podcast everywhere where podcasts are available. Give us a good rating review and we will catch you guys next time. Thanks for not listening. We're so used to the YouTube still. Yep. Thanks for listening guys will catch you next time. Bye. Bye.