All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play?Play guitar. Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But yeah, let's let's have some fun with this guy's. All right there go you want to start us off. Yeah. So how did this all come together? Where'd you guys meet? Who's the first one? Who started this? Okay. Miguel here, right? Okay. So this whole project started like I don't know where like we like we were in a I was expecting to be in another band because I played with corporate and but there was a time where when I met Carlos and when we met like I used to go to his house to to jam, right and at the time I have I was going through like a rough patch, you know, like a breakup and stuff so I will get with him and which is Amin like love songs and shit like that, you know, and and this was so good like at that like a lyrics he's really good. So so so one that one day he's like, oh, do you know why we should start a band. I was like, I don't know, you know, like I'm wearing a band but then I was like, well, you know what I have been trying to do that different type of style of music, you know, which is like motor more like rock en Español and and I was like, well, why don't we try and so I showed him some songs that I had already so he's like, yeah, let's do it. So I was like fuck. Yeah. I already have the people. I wanted this fucking band, you know, all right. When I thought of fucking be reason the base, which is that Daniel Beauty. Yeah. Yeah get into that nigga. Yeah, so and I thought of him I thought of this who John Cox, obviously, we've been playing shows together in the scenes stuff or yeah, we're from the red seduction and so I hit him up and we had a JP he was our first keyboard since player. That's why we hit him up and we started just jamming, you know, it was cool and then later on JP left and And then that's it. This will start hitting moves like a way. I'm trying to jail. You know that. Yeah, and I was like Marco I'm talking about Marco Marco. Yeah, it was going through a breakup to he goes. He's like, yeah, is that how you keep it inspired? Yeah. Like when means the to try some you seek is like, oh I want to do some like some some rock en espanol tambien, you know some some some kind of like soy and all these bands are like popping in Mexico, you know really able to like I'm already like in a in a project like that little narrow so they check it out. See if you like it. So he came out he came you not to jump with us and we all clicked here. We are now it just happened. Yeah, just organic as fuck man. Yeah. Yeah, you guys all seem to be fucking cool with each other. You guys don't even try. Yeah, it's just instant chemistry, but that's how it all happened man. Just I don't know. We're like, yeah, there's a pan with all these songs. And so you guys you're like you would categorize yourself as rock en Español. Not really but I mean, that's the main inspiration like your influence. Oh, yeah. So the stereo and all those people so - we're not really that you're not really that would you say you like you get a bit of inspiration from a little bit Yeah grab inspiration from like other places. Now, we like to you know, it's not just the same style that they played back then yes. I feel like it's very specific. I release a rocking this video you immediately think of those Styles. Yeah like mine. Ah, so that's good. It's not even. Neither was like a way like the the guitars which is Sergio in and in the end. They're percussionist are gonna throw down a DJ said as fucking Odd Fellows. Are you down to open for them to DJ? Because they're gonna deal with Sony there's like however is I but yeah, you know like a pug let's go so I went to the show I went to the show I went to the shows have so and I never seen metric and I used to be into metric to so I was like, I'm gonna check my check for a little bit and then I'll go and set up for the set. You know, I had I ended up staying too too too late for metric. So when I went to us fellows, this would work already slain other and then this one. That wouldn't even look at me. He knew what the fuck I was doing asking for like and the other one was like, oh no, I don't know ask Edwin. I was like fuck I'm asking you how long you're gonna play that. All right, whatever dude so like I fucking win and that's what these fools. Okay, how long they're gonna play because I can either play or night. So it doesn't matter. You know, he's like, he's like no say wait. No say no say I can picture him like already mad at us. I was like, you know what? It's cool. I'm just gonna chill. Yeah. I'm just gonna chill. You know, I wish that would be cool. I saw him back in like oh eight when they were touring Europe the electric and then I'm in trouble. Yeah, definitely. So are all of you from Vegas. Yeah. Yeah leave here. We're not. Eastside eastside. So there was one of them from Mexico is everyone from Mexico? Yeah. We should we should we should have said it in the beginning we're going to be like moving in between Spanish and English, but we're trying our best to translate it. Yeah. We'll try our best to like catch you guys up on whatever they're saying. It's what not just said is that we're gonna be speaking two languages. Oh, so let's get it hot How do you guys come up with you said Carlos is the one that comes up with most of the lyrics right? So Carlos, what's the process that you go through besides like experiencing breakups equally, well, I think it's just like an inspiration. You know, you just come together like or when we wrote the lyrics it wasn't just myself. I was with Miguel. He used to come through my I live in a trailer. Very young it's like a small trailer. So so everything is like very chill, you know, so after a few beers like just talking like how like the Exorcist like like just giving advice to each other, you know, I was at home or thing, you know, like like like like a like a friend like a friend kiss. Ya one thing. I want to say for sure is that when I was going through all that like he would listen to me and give me a lot of like good advice. You know, so all of the songs kind of like revolved around those feelings and like the friendship that we had together cars and I were these relationship things going on at the same time. You were writing the song. Yeah, dude, that's cool. Yeah. Yeah, so that's how all the sounds came out. Yeah. That's how all those songs came out. Like do we wrote like 10 songs? Not lie in two months, like don't want to back to back to back to back. Did you hear that hurt? Yeah, you just would experience, you know, like yeah and and I've been through through through like I've been with Well with other bands, you know, which is Caramba in and it doesn't take forever but it takes longer just because we kind of have a an idea of what we want and here we didn't know what we want. We just went with the flow is now with it. Yeah try to touch on that. I do see it's very different. It's very difficult. Sometimes being on the same page with everyone especially in a band because you have all these people and sometimes you might want to do something somebody else might want to do something else. So sometimes it's a very it's like to get through with it like want to be touring some people want to be covering some people want to be writing. So I mean, do you guys ever ever run into that or you guys all pretty much on the same page? I feel like I feel like we benefited a lot from like a few of us being in other bands before this one because we knew what to do to make things progress a little faster. I think that helped us out a lot and I also like touching back on the summer. I think I'm always like really amazed how they just like come up with songs. So fast, like I'm just I just show up and I play the guitar and that's it. And I'm like, okay, that's a song cool. And how did you guys meet Carlos today? Yeah. That's our fucking funny story to this. Okay. So one time like I went to to Bunk I want to bunk house right? I went to Bunkhouse and I was chilling, you know, and at the time I was recording the first caramba album, so I actually I was hanging out with this guy. His name is Drake he used to Play in a band with with Marco L is real is this battery? That's how I got to know Marco and I'll just those who thought I told him was a Gateway. Like I'm you know, I'm recording you want to listen to one of those songs and he's like, yeah, so we went to the car and that same night. I didn't know but I didn't know about Carlos was Carlos was hanging out with we try to so we went into my car and I'm playing the song for him. And then there's this part where it's like like very the song is called paper Battleship and it's like at the end is like dislike some 10h sound. Dundun dundun dun very private tropical and stuff. Yeah, and then I don't know where I see this guy standing on the side of my car just by being outside the car like what the fuck and he's looking at me. He's going like bobbing his head in like yeah, like I'll tie and then I see him walking around my car. He gives look and he opens the door seats down right next to me was like what the fuck? He's like. He's like, he's like, he's like, he's like he's like, oh no way. And then we both have fucking actions, you know, so I was like, where are you from? He's like, yeah. I got a different part of that story. All right, Carlos. Basically it was Practically first time like me going out downtown because I've been here for like two years and a half and I was like three four years old in this town but that time so I met a guy where I used to work like repairing cell phones here. It was the first job that I got and and he was like, hey, dude, let's go to to the bar. Let's go downtown and I didn't know about the bars and nothing, you know, and the first place that I went it was born house. House and I saw that that night that was bands playing rug and I was like shit is this good? You know, this this is what I like because I used to play in Mexico to use to have a band and when I got here like I never expect myself to be in the music again, you know be playing that's crazy and and I met Dre the guy that Miguel knows because the guy that I knew yeah, and and we met I met dread that that same night and he was like, hey, dude, I'm gonna I'm going to go with a friend smoke. Do you want to come and I was like now and then I realized that I was alone and I was like what the hell I'm doing here standing by myself. Yeah, and then I started I started following Dre and I was like, well, I'll go with them. You know, Joe you make a friend and then I I saw like Dre was sitting on the back and and there were Smoky and those me go on the driver's seat as I and I I listened and I listened like the sun that the he was playing he sounds like kind of Santana, you know, and I was by then I was like that shit is good, you know, and I was like, well this guy is dirty invite me, you know to to smoke so I don't think there will be any problem if I get you jump in its heart open. I just opened the door and I just sat down and he was like I was like, hey, what's up to me was to me was fucking around. So when I saw this for the first thing I thought was like yeah, let's party share. My mom pero no pretend. We were Rita his hair was short and I was like, yes, did she need to give ya a little hat on he looked Asian? Yeah, but but I mean not to disrespect nobody, you know, but as I could put gonna stay away and then he like walked around like all right. All right, you fucking got in my car like fuck it. But keep the from the from the point that I like like like like I saw him he had a good bye with you know, I was like, yeah, so I would I didn't mind that he got in my car because he's by start so like calm and nice he knows from the very beginning. So that's how we met. Yeah to go back to the fucking question after that after that. I just like start hanging out with me go, you know, he was going through a breakup. So I didn't know nothing about the the town and he was he was like always going out and to Those two shows every every day every every weekend, you know, so he was he was like hitting me up like hey, dude, you want to go to show and I was like fuck. Yeah, it's going no and then I took me long and longer to see his band for first-time caramba. Yeah, I I'm a crumpled fan for sure go wrong. I love her all by used to hang out. I used to hang out before we start Loonette. Oh, yeah. I used to hang out a lot with them under the practices and show. Shows and all that and still sometimes you know, yeah, I go and support them because well, I like them and because of me go like I start knowing John. I saw it. I saw the red seduction one time to and I didn't know John I talked to him like just once and then I talked to him after when we started to Nato and I knew Marco to because how we met because of L because of LCD Dre. To the Mike Margaret and this will got story students and Mark Daniel. I met him too because of the band mostly and you guys are just kind of started coming together. So it was you to the main ones and then you guys brought on everyone else from there. Okay Miguel set us up. He planned this whole thing out like like everyone that he wanted like and how he was going to get him because I remember he has kills Like bro, you need to teach me how to play guitar like you can I come over to your house and I was like and it was like, yeah for sure man come to my house and then he brought Carlos over he told me so many that we were going to your house to jam. Yes, I thought so too and they wasn't that it was just to recruit me. Listen. Let me let me tell you about the Lou narrow initiative and I was like, okay, okay. As your paper and like a portfolio. He's like yes. It is related on the case File sign don't even recite don't even read it. Yeah. He is such a like both of these guys John and Marco my respect for the guitar, you know, they're so Sigma but I mean that was the main idea in a case like he's got leaks for day. So I was like a John like teach me something, you know, because because I play the guitar with chrome but to you know, and and he's like, yeah, but then in my mind, I was like I kind of want this food to further narrow, you know, so like when I was there like a like a way like this one I are writing songs, you know, like some sad boy Shake You Down Everything I know you have South boy. I know you're sad, but I think that he's like he's like he's like, yeah, and then we jammed on something and I was like, yeah. Yeah, let's do it. It's a wrap. So so let's I got Daniel in the corner real quick, Daniel. What how how how do you get in this band? How you getting this man? Was he recruited to he's being recruited. I've known me over. A while and he's always wanted to play you're always invited me to go jam with him and I would go and like I'll Jam like that day. I would go in like I'll be cool and everything, but I know that he'll hit me up the next day and he'll be like are you down to play with us? I like I'll kind of ignore her and he's like, I know I was really good. He's playing hard. He was playing. Yeah. Answer mostly like Ska I play with like Mortals Heist and I play with yeah, I was at the first bass player and I'm John you learned a lot and then I played once in a while with Los Zetas cause I played with them because in Tamil is also pretty cool. But when I when I when I met him I met him. My friend Mickey because Mickey used to go to high school with me your mouth. Tell Mickey Mouse. I remember one time when I was like 18. Every time I would think of a bass player it would be him because he was the first person that I stopped playing a bass here in Vegas, you know, like like live on are in a life sitting, you know, like just jamming Metallica songs. Imagine that she's like I like this looking for this shit. I want this motherfucker, you know, so you guys go way back. Yeah, we're fine man is definitely my world were brothers here, but that for every known for so long man. Yeah, it's good to have that type of chemistry. That's crazy because I mean you guys how long have you guys Has been playing together for like a year. Yeah, so after knowing all of them for like so long it took it that much too kind of assemble them all together and just look at this. That's all. Yeah. So that's the thing like the Dream Team. It didn't know that. Yeah, we didn't we didn't think we don't I don't think about it that way like you didn't take that long because it wasn't in your mind from you now, so it just happened. So that's a thing about it me neither. So and I remember they started jamming. He send me like a video of them of Carlos and we'll all them already playing shows and shit. Yeah, and I was like, I was like begging us for like hey, let me come Jam. Yeah. Yeah. It's like every day I was bugging us for like, hey, let me go he's practically practice on whatever days ago people that are you guys still active with your other bands. I am yeah. Yeah. When they hit us, we don't really play no more. But my other my friends that were in the band with me or in another band called hexa. Wow. What is it? Again? Brielle is Dee's bad trip. Yeah, and we'll put it we'll put it we'll make sure to In the will put the description of all the bands you guys are like a five-minute any band mentioned in here will be in the description. So you guys don't have to worry about it. So let's get started. How was your first show all together was the first blue metal show. Like, where was it? Actually we play rebar right rebound for some the motorcycle. It was a bike show and it was a great candidate. Are you talking all of us ition? All of us are yeah, like all here everyone. Yeah. Oh here everyone this lineup is lineup Dive Bar High bar High bar in place. We opened up for Hurricane. What else now we are at the T-Mobile. Yeah, obviously, how's the crowd for that? I think it was back then which was not even a year ago. They if they come a wait a long way, you know, they were like, who's that new guitar is? Yes. That was the first time that was that was first time I ever like Lego my guitar to just sing and I was fucking like it was to me weird because I was like, what the fuck am I gonna do? Just hold on Mike and I look at dancing because I asked him is like what are you gonna do with your hands? What are you gonna do with your hands? Like are you just gonna lie? He's like well, if you can learn the songs will see him but he can't make it like little like little excuse. Yeah, and then then we got it down and then he's like fuck. Yeah, they're doing the killings because when I actually started singing and playing guitars Minnesota because I'm so comfortable playing guitar and singing, you know, so was it more of you didn't want to let go of the guitar? It was more of like like like, Are we gonna click as in a band as him coming in? Because he's a fucking dope guitars and already have a dope guitarist with me, you know, so why do I have why do I want to dump guitars? You know? Yeah, it was like that. It was like that sometimes yeah, but I was I was like, I'm okay, I'm gonna be open about the idea, you know, and then even this we'll whenwhen fucking heater and I can feel a little bit of like come on dude, you gotta lead guitarist already, you know, like John and and we make jokes about and shit. I was joking about that, but I was also kind of serious I was like what I remember when he told me was like I gotta guitars coming up with like like for what are you happy? He joined now, of course. Yeah. That was fuck. Yeah, you know, what was cool like sometimes we make them fight. We make him battling on stage and like all right. Oh, you're getting follows all over battle Yeah, that's just a goal. He goes down. You guys do a lot of improv on your life shows. Yeah the time. Yeah, so yeah well, but like so when he came in, And I was like if he learns the song obviously because they're so easy to play just the feeling that we put into it, you know? Okay, then I'll focus on My Singing because I needed a lot of like a work on my singing. No, no what Crumpets in this singing the singer, you know, so I just I used to do backups and still like to me singing. It was like a whole new world because I always just used to play the guitar and then I was like fuck it. I'll focus on my singing with an arrow. That way I can improve so I can sing. Our with Grandpa's well, you know because because I sing a couple songs and I do backups but to do backups, you have to harmonize and that shit to me was so fucking hard and I'm barely barely getting it, you know. Yeah, so but now I feel more comfortable now that I let go of the guitar we do narrow. Yeah, and I can just focus on My Singing on my breathing on how I can perform, you know these songs and it's been such a great experience man to me growing as a musician is in as a singer now, you know, it's really cool and they've allowed me to do that, too. To grow more, you know, that's great. Yeah, that's great, man. And and have you guys like it recorded any music yet or we are recording right now. We're in the process. We're in the process. I actually just went less last week in okay. So what we're doing is it's a live recording right? Like all the instruments are in one room when fucking usually people track so like let's let's say the whole song you play the guitar and you play your first you play the bass drum. So I suppose she play the bass then you play the drums and you play the guitar then you add whatever. Else geez, whatever and then you have the vocals don't doing everything live First Take Point like off back. Yeah, like instrument was yeah. It's really hard. It took us a couple tries, but it sounds fucking awesome. Basically. I'm guessing the audio levels you want to make sure so you can hear every single it's and everything bleeds and getting everything right like imagine like having to record every so we're its first try like if we if one of us fucks up we got to do it again and again, so we had a good couple. First time I love you guys recording in that style. No, not my no not yeah, we might I recommend but then I made him track and then I don't feel comfortable and then I told him now that and it didn't sound like it. Didn't and then we actually did it live and it sounds really bad Vibe is so fucking different because like you you can hear how we are feeling recording those songs. You know, we're all like when we recording or not just like standing we're all fucking like really jamming, you know, like we're vibing, you know, and you can hear it and it's such a different vibe from tracking tracking is all one one woman. It's one someone goes in the room by himself. And plays on top of a recording of a bass track. Now, you can imagine that guy standing there like yeah jamming instead of just like actually having him be there in the room, you know, so instead we all go in and we just play like we're playing a show. Where are you guys currently recording? Okay. We're recording a naked CD audio. That's a over like is right before the stratosphere. That's true. And that's show ya shoutout to John. He's our sound engineer and he's actually Recorded caramba that's true in Wyoming Naked City Studios. So John John John. I love you John. He's giving us so much like so much love man. Like he recorded his recording a lot of bands right now currently, he's recording the second second Quran problem as well. We're corrupted recording there. And so I told these guys is like a way like we have an opportunity here in you guys want to record they're like, yeah fucking let's do it. So we're doing it. He's in his soul. Open-minded like I'm like I come with ideas I got to do it and is it is it is it and it's just it's just flowing is not he'll sit with this for hours man. Like wolf will be playing the same song for like hours fucking up and he doesn't care of you. Like I did it probably like tired of listening to her find out it will be like no Marco you that guitar not do it again to the yeah, like you he wasn't like like until like it's like perfect sounds good. Yeah, that's a good if you producing yeah, you know know know He just tracking us and yeah, but he works in a he works in audio and video so I know that's like he's you got to have a producer no Willis. Hello. This is Miguel from the narrow and we're going to give you guys a little preview of our song that we've had it. Hey guys, we're back with lunetta and you just heard. Preview from their song that will help this year though, and we hope you enjoyed it. You guys want to talk a little bit about that how it came together? Yes. So the song was written by Carlos. We were jamming. Actually the thing is like most of the songs you asked me earlier about how we came with the with the lyrics and and and all the structure and everything most of the the time we just sit down and we jam and we will record everything we jump and the songs we listening to them like Miguel and me when we were like just chilling, you know, listen to the songs and that's how we came with the lyrics. We just put the lyrics on top of the the jam that we already have so lab La bruja. We were jamming one day actually and like I was listening but that time little bit of Cuban music. Yeah, like like when a Vista Social Club and and all this stuff and I wanted to do something like that. So one day we were jamming. I was with me go and Cindy from Grandpa and I don't know who else was there that peer-to-peer is came later. I was there and you just go I just we just came out with the Riff but most most but one of the the things like we all put a little bit of our part to to every song, you know, it doesn't matter who write the lyrics because the lyrics is just that lyrics itself. You have to put the the feeling the music into those lyrics so even though if you have a good re for a girl Erick, if the people that is playing the instruments like dong don't click the connect is not going to sound good, you know, so so for the lyrics Had the beginning the end video they will cut their hair color wheel. So and then we just like we start just messaging back and forth with lyrics him and I and that's usually how we do it. Like he tells me he's lyrics and then I compliment his lyrics and then we write the whole song. It's like do you have an idea of what you want to talk about in this song and like? Yeah, I want to talk about this and so we start with that, you know, we started getting the words and Rhymes. Rhyming and doing all the writing. Yeah. So what do you want to talk about? I want to talk about this song. I'll I want to talk about this. So they do they part on guitars and the bass, you know, they put the filling because we know what we're talking about in the song so you can hear few of our songs are sad because we put the the we already decided that that song is going to sound sad. It's gonna be a sad song, you know, or we have like more chill songs or we decide how the song goes like It's flowing what it predicts. Yeah, that's always a story. There's always a story behind the song so that but however, he talks about nabiru Cathedral de certeau. It's a girl from Vegas, right? So there is a bruja this year. Yeah. Well, there's a shell or she should bring something funny and I always say they perform this song life. I'm like, are there any witches out there and the girls are like Hypnotized she has more guys hypnotized on their hair on, you know her own thing. So that's the main theme of the song and then when the power goes into the den separ is like she knows that even with one look she can make you come to her and dance with her and do where the fuck she wants with you and then jiggly jiggly. Yeah. I want to point out real quick. Yeah. I was out here belly dancing. They said they have and then we have we have a song that's called virgin Tina Cosmic a and - song actually came out of lyrics like he's like look, I wrote this poem and I was like boy, let me plug and get some cars on that shit and then and then I made the song. Yeah, and we get Inna Cosmic. I came out of his poem which which which and then and I sat down with him and I just put a couple coats on it and I had this this this this main Melody for the song and then they put their solos on which is Mark Owen. And impurities I mean, I know John and then police put the bass line on it and that's how we do it. I think it's cool how like everybody has their own style. Like sometimes was will be jamming like Marcos in John they're really into blues and like me not like Blues like country like a little like there's a song called po po po po what the melody and yeah. I was like a little country like a lot feel to it. Very cool. Like I think we just jamming. We like connect. I don't know like everybody gets in the same like brainstorming. We all synchronize and like getting the same feeling, you know, there's a little there's no words involved like jam the show some lyrics will have some riffs and then we just jam it sounds sick and then it's actually kind of crazy because like without even like them telling me what the song is about just like hearing it. I can already feel the vibe and I already know what to play so, you know, like whatever fits in there and then there Like oh that's tight. Yeah a lot of the time we don't say anything. We just I got these lyrics are I got this riff and then we're just writing and it just goes together like a lot of times no fucking thought at all. Yeah. Yeah. So like when when like I was saying earlier like we were talking during their little break the very first batch of the song still no songs were written by Carlos and I mainly but now since Marco joined now we get together in the garage and everyone brings in their ideas and we make we make a song out of Maybe Peter he said yeah, Carlos a the my idea Marcos idea Jonathan's idea, you know in that she just blooms in is like boom. Yeah, we're ready. Sometimes we don't even talk about it like a look at this doesn't know shit. Will Jam for like an hour and then we have a whole song and we write songs. Pretty smooth. Yeah. Everyone was no effort to it has put a main idea. A song in the band. So yeah, that's how we're working. Now. It's pretty cool. It's pretty cool. It's really easy. How do you guys go about guitars? Is it like do you guys stick to Rhythm lead or do you guys all to know it just depends like he was saying like, we don't really talk about it. We just kind of know it's gonna do the solo and who's gonna do Rhythm. Yeah. Well, we'll play a song and then like he'll come up with a sick-ass lake or something and I all that sick and then like I'll have to make another one kind of like not have to but like I feel like yeah, we always have Two parts to the song like he'll play a solo and then I'll play so either he plays in the beginning I play in the beginning and then he plays it at the end whatever but we always come up with a dope-ass solo or like a dope-ass something to a Melody that sticking your head to the song. So like, you know, I was given this song in mind for sure. Yeah, like the bags that what it's translating to the people and stuff like that. Yeah. Sometimes this food like I remember when I first joined you I was playing this solo and it was It was kind of playing the same thing that he was playing on base Daniel and then he was like nah, man. I want you to play this isn't that me like he was humming it to me like did it did it? Oh, yeah, and I was like shit when it comes to like guitar parts twice will coming from the red seduction. Like I'm the only guitarist there. So I can do whatever I want. So usually what I do is just like just like go a hundred miles an hour like because I'm the only one right so I have to do it then joining here. I was like coming and trying to do the same shit and he was like no no, no other dude, chill out dude. Be more like melodic it. So I had to like relearn how to play in a different style when I came into this band, you know, which has been a pretty cool experience so far, you know, yeah, I think we both had to do that because my last in my other band To I'm the only one playing solos and yeah, I'm I do Rhythm and Lead so having to like incorporate. Both of us is to in the now we now we do it like second nature. We didn't think about it yet. I think it comes down to like I had an idea for the songs and I kind of just like them know, you know kind of like that so real quick. What's what's like one thing left on so eques. What's like one thing? What's your main have you had like any main problems with like coming up with music besides that we guy's face. Any like walls that you've overcome and how have you overcome them? Well, it doesn't have to be creatively but maybe just just I don't know any sort of things that you guys are you guys all in the same page. Like there's nothing that I can think of is like when we're practicing like just trying to getting the the structure of the song Down is that's pretty much it. No, I don't think just like just like, oh, we forgot that the verse is coming or the chorus like so we have to redo I think that's the only only problem but it's not even that big of a problem. Yeah, I think so far. It's been very organic very chill. You know, we've we've only playing for being playing together for a year as when the nursery and with Marco what like six months maybe yeah six seven months and so we haven't encountered any of that, you know so far. It's been smooth. It's very nice to keep it going you guys. I'm pretty sure you guys have to practice often or not really practice once a week and then some I don't know what happened. We did quality. Anyway, morvan. Cha Latino pretty pretty pretty good musician so that even if we don't practice for Life, bro, two three weeks, it doesn't like sometimes we schedule a practice and we won't even go before a show and we're like, he will be stressing out and then we'll play and then we'll get even better than if we would have Practice. It kind of goes back to the thing that I was saying earlier, like it kind of helped us a lot for us to come in from other bands already because we know what to do and how to do so with the experience from being in other other bands. What advice have you been given that would help you guys to where you are now, would you say to like other people? No. Yeah. Neither been given to you. Oh and then that you can give to other people as well. I will say me personally. I feel like if you really want to get something down don't wait for your band practice do like sit down on in your room and actually fucking practice what you want to put in the song or portray to the people, you know, like like practice practice on your own. I know a lot of the times me personally, I don't have time to for it. But when I sit down in my room or whatever you feel comfortable, you know, and and I go to the practice. I already know my parts and stuff like that. It's such a plus. You know, it's such a plus. It's such a placement. So yeah, just that you know, like if you really want something musically you have to sit down by yourself and then you come with the band and they they'll they'll they'll add to it. You know, I think also it's to be like sincere as you can like, don't try to be like, I mean I learned don't get me wrong. I've learned so much things from like guitars that are they everybody worships, but, you know people try to copy them. Em and I I've been told this many times. I like I sound like myself, you know, even though I've copied something fucking yeah do your way for sure. All is well. You still need an influence, you know, there's always an influence from someone else and then you just try to put your own part in it to build upon it. Yeah young people you clicked on to someone to someone's bags, you know, like you you at some point I don't like, you know, but then you have to get your mind off of that and be like, okay this this is tight, but I can be tired. No like that. Yeah, definitely try to be better than all those grates. Fuck. You're always shooting to be better than Jimi Hendrix. Yeah, we got the Jimmy's out here. By the way. I was waiting for that talk about the gym is real quick. Yeah, they call me John. I mean John and Marco the car we College, I mean amongst the band we call ourselves the Jimmy's because he's Jimmy Page and I'm Jimi Hendrix, but they're the influences, you know. That's think that's it. Yeah, you guys have certain songs that you enjoy playing more than others. Yeah, and then yeah one thing that we do argue about is so Mike sometimes me go change the lyrics to the song that we that we love, okay. Yeah, we all loved how they wrote it whatever and then I don't know where we go decided to change his one part and would give him shit for it all the time because we don't like it and he wants to change it for some personal reason, right and we all know every time we play the song we're trying to give them to play the old lyrics and shit. Yeah, it's just personally, you know, he comes it came down to that. It's funny. That's that's the only thing I know the thing that we that we always now argue, but we always give him shit for okay, and then for the for the writers composers do you ever Or have a lyric I'm again all this is from personal experience that you have some sort of attachment. Do you ever not want to do a song because there's a personal attachment to it? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah one they'll come they'll come one day with his dope-ass song. We're all I mean the three of us are stoked relaxed and we made a hell of a sake of Allah and in the next of like nah, I don't want to play that anymore data or let's change the lyrics or yeah, we get so pissed because like we write it in the moment and it's all emotion and it's off. And then he'll come try and change his one adjacent teeth the what the one little thing will change the whole vibe of the whole song and then we get upset not really upset. It's not like we don't have to get upset but we just give him shit for you. What the fuck bro. It sounds good. Why would you care? What was it? You wouldn't change them on a whistling. Yeah, maybe change the clothes who's gone wild but his heart is hard not to because of acid as I said, like most of the songs we wrote. Them like thinking about something to happen to us. So when is the time when the time comes to played them like you can you can remember? Well, at least me I remember and I can feel that you know, it changed my mood on every song that I play. I put that these foods are pretty sensitive young Lads. That's kind of like the like something that is actually, you know, like because not a lot of people can do that also like I don't mean to bring it back. Like being in another band, but I I can't do what they do. I write songs in lyrics in other and another band but I can't do it how they do it, you know, so it I think it's kind of like a Marvel to be able to do that to expose yourself that openly I mean, it's putting yourself in a very vulnerable position at the same time, you know, and I mean I can get that the fact that you like I don't want to relive that or maybe every time you play a song like level to hell this shit. They're like fuck that. And then you'll hear the one that he don't feel like that anymore. We actually haven't played that one. They'll give Micarta with her and play it like not really because we have it. We haven't we haven't we're gonna we're going to record it that is I don't know we're gonna play life because of this field we have includes because tears are going to be trying don't be trapped we haven't we haven't even played corazón negative because you were like fuck that's not just because we're sour reacts our but it's just funny we just it's funny and I was between us it is not anything seriously nice yeah it's just it's well at the end of the day I feel like we all express ourselves you know and and and we can come to a point where like maybe I don't feel this way don't worry you know and and and but it's just what it is is the art it's what brings with it you know like if you're really trying to be truthful and sincere to yourself it comes that it comes down to your own to your own sense to who you are as a person you know and and it can be hard sometimes which is fucking crazy you know you know the thing about that song though it is sad as fuck but when we do play it live it helps everyone know For some reason it instead of yeah, like we have a video on Instagram with some dude holding a 24 pack and like jamming out to us. Yeah, you guys love love songs and they're like, yeah, you guys love you guys like no love songs, and it was like, yeah and we started putting quota so negative and then everybody just got hyped instead of sad. Yeah. Well if that is flexing and that's what yeah. I know. I know I know. Just thought it was like a weird thing, you know, like how it you can play a song that is satisfied. But the audience can be like like, you know, yeah celebrated. Maybe it kind of release some of their said yeah thing is because they couldn't human nature. But yeah, so maybe they'll listen to it and then like it's hype. It's - I really like in and they'll go back and look at the listen to the lyrics and I goes with the sun is not even the song is the song itself is not hyped like that song is very chill. It sounds like some old. Uncle is Negros yeah dark as well. Yeah dark as fuck for sure. Sounds old school cool. So we missed them the bigger the big question. How did you guys come up with the name Lou? Narrow? We have been like Try and come up with a name for real. We actually had like like trouble first. You know, we we we were we were yeah, we're like brain is sending text messages. We have a group chat and so we were sending messages like we should pick you know, so we were like everyone standing like we're names and we wanted something like was Jimmy's to sound like a little bit like maybe like like like a Mexican man like rocking like rocking because we're Mexican We Mexican silver. Well, just so you guys know we are all makes me wonder what we want to get through the through through all United States and Mexico. Yeah, and we can break through there. Yeah. We're trying to pick up a cool name. So Miguel had a dog nice dog. She passed but Luna but there is a song called Luna. Sunita Samia was like oh, oh Luna Luna, you know, it's such a coincidence. My dog is named Luna to know it's that's a beautiful day and I call her Luna Luna Luna. are telling the moon to go and tell her lover that she still loved him and stuff like that, you know and I will sing this song all the time and at the time my dog had caught cancer, right so so like fucked like and then I was looking into into the internet for names right and I even got into Greek mythology and everything like it like it was pretty cool, you know, and then I found this cool name it was a it was a A dog it was like I forgot the name of the dog, but going through the whole thing me to searching for names. Like that's the coolest name, but then I was like if I'm going to name my band after the why wouldn't it be after my own dog, which is Luna, you know, it's like it's gonna be something about Luna and then I remember at the time I was listening to that song. I lost Luna Luna and then I was like I text him was like what about luneta and then they're like fuck that shit as sick as fuck and then Carlos fucking eyes with water balloon arrow and as it was all right so put the male energy in you know into the moon you know so so I loo narrow from his perspective you can tell them it's like boom florido the loo narrow The Loon Arrow I put it in all winter because I have you seen like we're the part where you put the flowers that in Spanish yeah it's called florido but instead of flowers what if you put moons in it you know it's a loon Arrow instead of forest like a made-up word but you heard it here first the way so we catching up the moon's or IP Luna all right I love you Luna this is for you this is for you a moment of sound for Luna do you guys have any favorite shows or any favorite after-show stories and of my guys are over there oh What do you do now? He shows no, like I said doesn't look like but we little bit of Geeks here. So that's why we are too and I think personally I like the show we play with a at Maverick and Maverick is this guy that this up-and-coming artists from Mexico? So he's like going to be adding big. Yeah, he's gonna be a nominee for the Latin Grammys. I think this coming year from what I heard. Yeah, but that shows show me the Alou. NATO has something that will narrow can be big, you know, because when we play we opened up for him, right and it was just us and him. Yeah, but beforehand we went to this festival called tropical. Yeah. Oh, yeah, and we caught him there is like a I don't know if you guys are really was like a big. Yeah. I'm just We went to go watch him and there was mad people and we're like that and we're about to play with us for tomorrow because we're all good the next day. Yeah. Oh shit. Yeah, we're out there and we were going to come back to play with him over here to know OKC played on Saturday on Saturday every night. We played on Monday or something like that. It was like coming back from Vegas. We were just gonna like right away get into it was at the bunkhouse, right? Yeah, we play the bunkhouse and my people showed up to like a lot of people like he packed the place all of them just to see him. Yeah, but you know, we take advantage of situations, you know, so we fucking got in there did her thing. And that was me personally the first time where I'm like yeah can be a firmament. I can be a singer. I can not like worry about my hands were they doing you like first feel comfortable and I feel like our wives were given to the people and the people were giving him back to his you know, so like looking forward. What do you guys see yourselves in like two years fucking everywhere? I feel rocking. That's all. Yeah writing and guys like music is something that brought us together, you know something that's gonna just going to continue in Guadalajara and you'll be back you guys are in it or in it for the long run yeah right that's a good always yeah this ain't happy no no I kind of like it always starts as a hobby and even take you somewhere I think if you guys can break into the to the Mexico Mexican market like the Mexican music Market it be huge because out there there I got a lot of them look up look up to music out here yeah but until now it's like only some other bands are starting from Mexico are starting to gain popularity outside of Mexico Mexico it's the makeup for music do you like whoever goes to LFA and can make it there take a big as fuck and they love rock yeah have you seen the views on fucking people's videos like boom-bust video has like a hundred fifty million views on some of their songs and so a lot in ours like Target Mexico Is Mexico is a follower for good music from good lighting me? Yeah, it's like any type of or even South America Mexico. Yeah, that's that's the biggest market for music even though people don't really know but Mexican Latin music, it's fucking I think more now rock music is it makes Mexico. They love robbed every time like in metal like they love my talent. Even like The Growlers are huge. I can actually confirm that he's straight because yeah, I lived in Mexico City for his whole life 15 16 years. So I went to a lot of shows like how it's from how shows to Big Show's, you know, the the katana capital and beaver Latinos and I'm always jealous of Cortana Capital. It's always crazy the crowd the crowd is always like the best crowd like all artists have said we want then to the right like a couple times and yeah I went to two to three places yeah and but like it's always Mexican Mexican cries amazing you know you can feel the vibe and the energy here and there in whatever Mexicans are hella hot when the Arctic Monkeys played Some of those the songs, you know, they like popo. Is that for the okay? Yeah. Yeah. It was like the biggest one on record and it was fucking insane. It was a song that we always have to save it. Hi, so we got to start wrapping up soon. But before we do, I want to talk about your upcoming album your debut. Right? Right, right. We don't have a set date but we're or a name or a name for that one. But we know it's going to come out this year. We got the artwork, but I think most likely to summer in the summer. Okay? Yeah. Yeah, so like if you're interested in it if you like La bruja there this year. Though you're for sure gonna love the album. So just stay tuned for that one. Thank you guys for coming on you have anything else you want to say to you just real quick. How many tracks can we expect from it I think is going to be around eight or nine. I'm not sure exactly why not right now because we're still gonna record one more I believe and I don't know the count exactly but it's going to be around eight or nine in the summer. Hopefully, if not for sure this year, you know, but yeah, thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you guys for having us man. this is a enjoy it it's a lovely experience you know like to know that the people care about like culture in the music here at seen in this Vegas you know and yeah we're here you know actually people that are listening to this they can follow us on Instagram Facebook at loo narrow LV and yeah this the music itself the album is going to be released on on every single platform you know Spotify upload music we're going to put her in YouTube SoundCloud bandcamp all those or wherever you listen to music do we should be you should be able to hear us yeah and we'll make sure to put your social media on the in the episode description so if you guys want to find them again it's lunetta LV and that's where they're going to be announcing where they're gonna be where you can hear their new album yeah stay tuned for that and what else oh if you guys want to follow us we're also going to promote them Any other guests that we've had so far just follow us at the modest artist podcast. We're on Instagram Twitter. We figure out what Twitter is we've been like three episodes where we keep fucking up. Alright modest underscore artist underscore and I forgot what I was going to say. Yeah guys just stay tuned and we'll make sure that I mean you guys don't have any upcoming shows yet. But if you do by the time this comes out or any times afterwards, we'll make sure to link it out there get the word spread the word and if you guys have a really show for your album, which you guys are planning and guessing yeah. Yeah, we don't at the moment. But yeah, we will we'll have to announce if we use a Instagram Allah our Facebook is really hard to find because I used to I put littering so you can really fuck him find it I think I'm gonna change it but but if you can find the Facebook props to you but Instagram for sure Lynette OLV that's where we announce everything you know we were we were very active on the stories whatever we do you know practices we want to follow their instagrammers way to find all right and if you guys want to interact with us make sure to send us voice messages there's a link in the description and you can also DM us through in Instagram will take any questions any suggestions for any new bands everything so thank you guys again for coming on the show thank you thank you guys I will see you guys next time