Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. I'm only worn Roebling was married to a man named Washington Roebling Washington's dad built Bridges, and he and Emily were fascinated by everything that went into making Bridges together. They traveled all over Europe. Studying math and Engineering. So when Washington was asked to help design the Brooklyn Bridge, of course Emily came to switch your brushing to the bottom of your mouth and keep on brushing. Construction on the bridge began but soon Washington became very sick. He couldn't get out of bed and he was too sick to keep working on the bridge. The whole project was in danger. So who would finish the bridge? Well, Emily Emily became the person in charge going between her husband and the workers to make sure the bridge got finished switcher brushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth and brush your front teeth too at the time. It was really unusual for a woman to be in charge of a big project and especially to be leading a team of men but Emily was determined to finish. It took 14 years, but in 1883 the bridge was finally ready. Emily got to be the first person to cross the bridge and she carried a rooster for good luck. Emily was honored for her determination and fearlessness. And that's why she's today's Chompers heroin. That's it for Chompers today. But come back tonight for more heroines until then. Chompers is a production of gimlet media.