Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I see in a while.Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been eating my ass. Ass off and eating everyday I'm talking about eat and good Somali eating so fucking good. I've been really eat my ass off. Like I really love to eat. And of course New Orleans is a place that has the best food in the world. Mardi Gras was super fun. I enjoy Mardi Gras so much. I love Mardi Gras. One of my favorite holidays only got to experience Mardi Gras day just because I came Sunday late last Sunday night and Of course. The police is over by Danny than Monday. I had to do last-minute stuff. But Mardi Gras day was super fun. I enjoy myself. I was supposed to go out. But of course I'm getting old and I need to take naps. So I took a nap in my ass and wake up to like 6:00 in the morning actually supposed to go out Sunday that just passed and I went took a nap and my body was like, yeah, bitch. You're not going out. So the older I get the more that I understand that if I want to go out. I need a long-ass now. Which Sunday's be hard just because they have second lines and shit and second lines is like one of my favorite things to do. So. I love second line so much. So I usually go there and I'd be all fucking day. So and I be trying to do the shit after the second lines going to the bridge or leg. So be kind of little hard to kind of like go out Sunday nights, which I'm not really press if I don't go out, it's not really no big deal. I've been out here since the 23rd. It is the third now, so I've been out here more than a week. I actually not miss in New York at all that much. Surprised I'm actually not Mission New York, not saying I want to stay in New Orleans either but I'm not missing New York at all. But my rent did go up at eight extra $800 because I refuse to have a room me so I had to pay that big extra rent. So I was going to stay out here longer, but I'm kind of like nah, I'm paying rent a lot of rent. So I need to be at the house that I'm at. So I'm thinking that New York. I'm going to give it maybe like three four months Maybe. B and c will go on my friend is pregnant so I can't really like I wanted to leave for the whole summer. My friend is pregnant. So I have to be out here for her baby shower and me. She's staying in Texas and then of course for her baby delivery, so I'm not going to be able to maybe leave so like July ish, but you know, they got that fucking coronavirus and that should just messing up everything because I want to go to China. I wanted to go to Tokyo. I want to go to Thailand. I wanted to travel and she and I And I can't travel with you. It's a high-risk and then I'm anemic and I have a weak immune system. So I'm here like not going to work that don't I don't get it. But still I'm hit as fuck. So that is very scary. I heard they got two cases in New York right now. Someone make sure that I wash my hands a lot like Walsh is so much. I'm so mad. Do I'm a week behind my podcast. I actually been doing really good. So for me to be a a week behind its kind of like damn Lolly like come on now people really listen to you people really fuck with you. So I feel like y'all could give me a little pass just because it was mighty grinds my first week home and I'm trying so I'll go back to New York next week and next week and it's going to be in the 60s. I'm kind of excited. I'm lit like I love New York and like the spring and summer is very good. I really don't know why I won't move and next not really. Home, but I'll figure it out. I'll figure it out. My job is officially done. So when I get to New York, I'm a free girl November December January first three months and my job was cool. But if not, I'm running out of Mana fire person now that I think about it, I don't think a 95 is meant for me I think is meant for me to do what I love and I love a lot of shit. So I need to figure out what's the one thing I love the most like I love rap and I love doing music, but I don't want to be a rapper. I don't want get signed to a record label. I don't want to be performing. So that's kind of pointless to me are being wrapped or because they're what the fuck you got to do. I try stand-up comedy. I didn't really like it like that. I told myself. I was going to get on YouTube and shit when I get back to New York. Let's see cuz my ass always fucking Fork at procrastinating so we have figured that out. I don't know in New Orleans. I've been hustling. I do my henna coladas yet. I was supposed to do it last weekend. But like I said, So many people was at my house and who the fuck won't make shit with a whole bunch of people here. So hopefully this weekend I'll be able to make those cross fingers. I mean, I will but across fingers to make those to get some extra money and people love the henna coladas. One thing I learned about support in my city is but really anywhere where New Orleans when I learned about like if I saw a lashes a hair people really wanna fuck with it a clothing line, not just because they won't fuck with it because it's me but and not only because other people selling is just like I'm not a hair or her last person. I don't know. I don't even know how to put on a strip lash to be honest. So he's trying to sell a she don't even wear them bitches would be kind of pointless me trying to say here. Am I here be over my head be kind of fucking point. This Naidu cursor close but it just kind of like think about people sizes and all its kind of too much. I sold these shirts this weekend. I so 20 of them and he sold out in like a couple of hours. So that was kind of dope. It was like a New Orleans style shirt. So that was kind of dull and that was cool. I'm thinking about restocking them, but I don't know maybe I just don't want ship because shipping is so fucking aggravating like shipping is so a coffee. So I really don't want ship. My mom a birthday is Sunday and my little niece gender reveal her Sunday. That's the reason why I stayed an extra week in New Orleans and I'm excited about that. But second line is also Sunday, so I'm kind of going to miss a little the second line. So I need to figure out how is it best to come early to the gender reveal a lie to the general review because I don't want to be dead. All the time and it's my mom's birthday. So but she's going to be helping because it's my sister's child. So I'm going to do something. My mom a Monday. I don't know what I want to do with her net up, but we gonna do something. We're going to figure it out. I went to the casino last night. I wanted to go to the buffet, but I already had eight right before so it was kind of pointless to not go to the buffet. What else what else you could talk about? Hopefully it warms up soon you guys. I can go to you already know what Toronto Montreal and what Niagara Falls so hopefully it warms up and things so I could do all day that I've been eating so good. I mean a lot of chargrilled oysters only had crawfish maybe like two or three times since I've been out here, which I need to like get way more. I had a lot of like Chinese food. We have some good Chinese out here. Yeah, but like I can get Chinese everywhere. So I need to kind of like take a break from that. I've been having like Daiquiris and drinks, but now that I got older I prefer like wine and champagne for some reason like hard liquor school but wine and champagne just have you like that then nice mood like that. You know, I'm saying that nice mood and things so New Orleans been really good. Like I said, I'm not on the least in New York a month to month. So I of course had to get him a 30-day notice, but I need to figure out what I'm going to do. And when I'm going to leave the latest I'll be out there is maybe July and the earliest maybe me but of course definitely I just paid more so I'll be out there. Definitely April and I'm thinking definitely me too. I don't really know we have figured out when I get back to New York. It's not really about the money. New York is I me I make good money, but it's kind of like I really don't know. I really don't know but I just got to figure shit out. And like I said this virus is fucking up a lot of shit for me because I want to do a lot of shit. I actually supposed to go flying today, but the weather was supposed to be bad today which they fucking live because it's fucking beautiful outside. So that was a lie. You lied to me about that. And what else did you lie about? Yeah, it's supposed to rain all deep but it's not. I don't know what I'm eating today. Oh, yeah today is literally Tuesday March 3rd is 1126 New Orleans time. So my New York followers is 12:26. This podcast is going to drop tonight. I'm making sure the drive tonight. It's going to drop tonight. Maybe do a little early. I might drop it like five o'clock. She's because I'm already I'm a ich late, I'm a weekend two days late, so might as well Drop It Funky early to be honest because I'm fucking late. So yeah, I'ma drop it at five o'clock. So in a few hours you guys going to get this podcast. I really need to learn to. I really need to learn to record shit beforehand, but it's kind of pointless just because if you know me or know my is talk about shit now. So if I were to record all these episodes, you know, I won't be talking about all these situations I've been talking about. But yeah, other than that everything be kind of been good like she'd been good. Like I've been kind of stressed free. I've been happy lately and really been having no drama. None of the asshole shit been good. I've been getting money minded my own business. No still juicing all laugh, but she'd been good lately. I really needed this break from New York. Do I really did if I didn't have to pay like extra 800 for rent. I'm out of would have stayed a little longer, but I think it's about that time for me to go back but I do have I really and I really enjoy New Orleans like since I've been here, I wasn't really that tweaking to go back to New York. I used to be like, I guess the problems that I deal with in New York. I don't have to deal with in New Orleans because I'm not out there. And then when I mean, we all answer the problems that I deal with so it's cool. Only thing about New Orleans like I mean, I'm cool people so they come get me but Ubers and lyft's is super expensive in New Orleans like at least New York and shit big cities. They have like Rideshare and it's not that expensive because I guess so many people doing it, but I'll hear is fucking expensive like it's horrible, huh? It's horrible how bad it is like it's horrible. So that's something that's so kind of Pepe. It don't make no sense for me to get a car just because I travel so much and I die. And one is a beer place. I stayed for a while like I love my city. But until I really find myself. I ready to go find myself somewhere else. So New Orleans is a dove right now for staying I definitely feel like a mother a couple of weeks for me like getting a place and shit, and I not really but other than that, I'm so glad I could provide you guys with this podcast trying to see if anything funny happen this week. Let's see anything funny happen this week. I mean, I really nothing really funny happened this week. It might be like a born his podcast episode today. Y'all might like yeah, my don't oh, yeah. Also all of people they always ask me is I do I still have with traveling I don't anymore you guys are going to Skip Leg.com. That's why I used to used to use when you guys can definitely go in there shit like that. Whatever. I need some water a bitch is push not Porsche, but you know the fuck I mean, Might be moving a little just because I'm oh I was about to fall just now. Oh my God. I was about to follow you guys. I could drink some water about the here TV on because I'm going to live around some of the turn that off. I don't even watch TV. Let's see me turn this off. Where is the mute? All right, so when you drink my ass from water, Yeah, other than that. You know what? I don't like I hate that like people support you or want you to do stuff with them and then they try to flirt like no nigger like the fuck like bitch know if we bout to collaborate work together. That's all about to do with about the flu in my do nothing. Like that's D. Oh, yeah. I got into it. A lot of people just last week on Twitter about Mobile, Alabama. So basically Mobile Alabama, I guess invented Mardi Gras, but when it was invented, it was mobile Louisiana, but it still mobile either way. It goes is Louisiana, Mississippi, but they got into it and I made a fucking post of course saying going off and they got like 2 million views. I had the fucking mute. That's one thing. If something go viral like a video for me. I just muted because I cannot with the fucking not even a cop. Mint is just like I cannot with the I just cannot with the motherfucking shit. So I muted the Tweet. So how much mobile peoples in my fucking DM makes me mediums and mentions explaining how more Bill people go to mobile for Mardi Gras bitch. I don't give a fuck like nobody don't go to mobile for Mardi Gras mean people might go not saying that people may be empty, but for I'm not A mobile of Mardi Gras. I don't give a fuck. They throw TVs and shoes and shit. That's on y'all bitch. Like I don't even go to Mardi Gras and catch beads, like shit like that. So I had got into it with them. Of course. Oh, it's gonna tell people on Twitter because like I see if I won't say something I'm gonna fucking tweet it and bitch I speak my mind. That's one thing I speak my mind. So people must don't like that speaker. My I don't even think it's that people don't like that. I speak my mind. I just have a big audience. If I speak my mind and some dealing with them or not even dealing with them something that they can relate to they don't like it. It's a problem, but that's one thing I must speak my mind and that's the fucking going to be like and I'm gonna tell you I spoke my mind like people in my DM's questioning me about you and I'd be like, oh, yes, I did say that anything else. You need to know like but that's what time y'all speak my mind and I think people don't fuck with that - speak my mind. So a lot of people I used to be cool with you. Don't fuck with me no more, which I really don't give a fuck. To be honest, yay. I lost a lot of people because I spoke my mind, which I don't give a fuck what I see. But yeah, so this is Lolly world. I don't know what episode this is. That's a good fucking question. Let's figure that out. Y'all while we I notice is season 2. Oh my God my podcast really do need to be structure. I'd be all over the fucking place. Let's see Lolly world. Oh my God. You guys are really don't know what Episode this is see all episodes. Let's see one two three. I'm guessing this episode for ya. So this episode so, yeah. So yeah, so this episode was kind of all over the place. I'm just giving you a podcast. I was two weeks late. I'm sorry about that, but I'll see you guys next week and hopefully next week will be we better be funnier. I'll be back. Back in no, I won't even be back in New York next week. I'll be still out here. But I'm gonna try to give it to y'all Sunday or Monday so I could do maybe my last week experience in New Orleans. So, yeah, so yeah this episode this season 2 episode 4 and yeah, see y'all next week. Sorry about being late. Like I see Maya