Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and Tell your friends if you can today we are going to be speaking a bit about competition. It's competition season here in the Philippines, which means that we're going to have our Philippine national coffee championships this month. Yeah in a couple of weeks, so to discuss that and discuss other things We have MHC. Hi. So alright calm down everyone Mitch. Who are you like what like seriously like would you consider yourself a coffee professional? I actually consider myself as a coffee enthusiastic. So it's more of I started out coffee at home. So so I'm usually frequent cafes get to know get to know people and get to know Baristas then it was actually a There was actually one day when I went to habitual coffee back and Chino roces back then so Ralph Garcia was actually Manning the bar and he gave me this cup of coffee. It was actually a white honey process Panama. So for me, it was actually an aha moment for me and Specialty coffee because It was quite surprising to be tasting coffee. That's not actually tasting coffee. It was actually T like it had notes of honey and it got me digging deeper and deeper into the rabbit hole. So but had you had specialty coffee before that potentially? No, it was my first time. Okay, so it's like regular consumer coffee. Yeah, right see great coffee and then you found yourself tasting this cup and it opened up many doors, I guess. Yes, what happened after that? after that, I got myself an arrow press and started Brewing at home. Then I think one Brewer led to the other and eventually started to take the professional Barista class at enza. Hmm. So after that I end up getting asleep. Okay, let's backtrack backtrack. So your coffee enthusiastic. Yep. You have another career. Yeah. What's that? So During the day I actually worked as a banker. So it's totally it's a totally different world with coffee actually what kind of banking so I deal mostly with Investments. So on the trust side, it's actually unit investment trust funds and on the Trashy Side has more of the fixed income bond side. So it's really far apart from coffee. It's something that I think it would benefit everyone to discuss all the time right, but but Yeah, it's quite. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know if it's that opposite because like there is a lot of math and science involved in both. There is a lot of gut feel right a lot of gut feel and a lot of for lack of a better term Voodoo, right? Yeah, and they're both very community-driven. Yeah, right, so I come from a family of investment as well. It's be a large part of my life throughout time. We've also had clients that are as you know, honeycomb as a marketing company has also had clients in the past that are involved in in that business. So You know, we've shadowed people in this business before and early in the morning like your cell phones just blowing up with everybody texting you right? Yeah, but what's going on Very community-driven Yes. Do you see any other parallels that like Your your non-coffee job and your kind of copy of coffee profession of kind of met. One thing I do notice is that Bankers drink a lot of coffee. So I guess maybe coffee something that's in the back inside. It's more of a it sets a tone for a meeting or it starts to get people talking about things and maybe on the other side when outside of work. And you have coffee it's more of a more relaxed Vibe when you actually get to know the people behind the bar or get to know Baristas or meet friends along the way. So I guess that's sort of coffee has been has been a middle ground middle ground for meeting people spaces and doing all sorts of other things as well. Do you have any other Hobbies? Actually, I consider myself someone as someone who has a lot of hobbies actually. Okay, so I do before I used to do a lot of mountain biking. Okay. So at some point in time, I do collect toys as well. So I do collect Lego. I do have some some cause they're so we brought out the cause because I knew that the mixture is a fan of Was it's actually nice to see them here. Yeah, they're the so we travel quite a bit for daily drink as well and I happen to find myself. Well, we went to Taipei to cover cause and to get these for a German which is our art and something, you know Street subculture Aesthetics blog. And then while we were there we did a lot of coverage as well for daily drink, so it it just so happened that I was able to To pick these up for retail because it happened to be there at you know at the event. So yeah, it is. Super cool like that. We have this in common, but like I also started out as a hobbyist and then I found myself Consulting for coffee, right? Yeah and just you know, it really was just making that cup of coffee every day and you know, quote unquote and getting better at it right and deepen your understanding over time and then before I knew it. People were asking me to help them in business for coffee. Is that something that's happened to you? Because I know that you now you derive some of your income from coffee as well recently. We actually brought in tell me more. So tell me more is more of it's actually suitable for people who are starting out in coffee. So we have a range of pour-over equipment. So it's mostly manual. So the price range is actually. Is that the sweet point for people who are starting out so it won't really hit you hit the or Rob you at the bank so so far we've been gaining traction. So most of the sales are actually online in our Lozada page and they're actually more and more people who are growing curious about the brand and growing curious to actually start to brew their own coffee at home as well. Do you think that this is something that you would have done if you did not compete In the Philippine coffee, what's it called now Philippine coffee competition. Yeah the Philippine coffee competition. Back, then I think every single coffee enthusiasts would have probably wanted to start out with a coffee. So maybe this wasn't actually the original plan at the start but I think sometimes things don't go as planned but they sort of lead you in some sort of Direction eventually So eventually along the way when we were just thinking of what to actually do with coffee. We we were actually surprised that we ended up with ended up bring it. Them words of the Philippines. So that's basically it which begs the question why why don't you start the cafe because it seems like a small step. You know, I follow you on Instagram and I see Slayers right there in your kitchen. There's a person he k43 the limited edition Mineo smaller one right right in your kitchen. So small step the just opening a cafe why choose to take this this particular route of being a distributor? router or a parallel importer instead of Opening a cafe so far. I see myself more on the side of maybe one step backward from from the cafe side. So I being a someone who loves to drink coffee and tasting the new ones as so it's something that I would appreciate if I took a step back and tried roasting. So it starts off. For example when you when you start to taste coffee, you'd have some sort of In your mind on how would this actually tastes? Like if the coffee was roasted this way and that way so I think going to learn how to Rosewood actually Bridge those questions that I have in mind more. Have you taken any steps to learn roasting when I was in Berlin? I took a basic crash course on on how to roast, but that's basically it. So most of the time I just read books books on the roosters. Companion or basically anything that I find online on on how to roast coffee just in case people don't already follow you on Instagram and they follow you on Instagram. Yeah, I think so. I'd like to think so, what's your what's your Instagram? It's other Mitch. Okay. So if I went to app other Mitch, what are the odds that in the next? Three to six months you're going to have a roaster. at home We do actually have a youth roaster set of till we're out there you go, but not at home. No, not at all. Okay, so but so you are learning. Yeah on your on your own or you have a team with you now so far. We're starting to grow a team. Okay, so it's still something in the ropes, but it's not the up final but everything is a learning curve and I do appreciate appreciate the process of going to I mean getting there so kind of like Tasting coffee. It's something that I taught myself to do. So, I guess I also appreciated if I took baby steps to learn how to lose eventually. Okay. So let's go there. How do you teach yourself how to taste coffee? Oh, what was that? Like for you? What's the story? Actually it was quite challenging at the start because usually when you get a bag of specialty coffee at had all of these coffee jargons and yet so it could be quite intimidating to someone who's starting. You'd get something like an altitude thing over there and you'd get all of these notes that you have no idea how to translate on how to actually taste. So what I did was I'd get those bags that are quite familiar to my sensory to my palate then it started there then I started to build my confidence. So Maybe for people who are starting to taste coffee. I would suggest being more being more Curious and starting to notice things everywhere earlier. I think I mentioned something about mountain biking so it's sort of an experience that I really I can relate to coffee. It's I mean, yeah, it's quite far apart, but I remember the time when I was actually biking in it was It was off-road heli heli mountain with so much cheese and so much dirt on it and you'd get this smell before it rains. Yeah. Yeah. So actually for those who are familiar. There's actually a Cent own kit. So it's basically a set of smells that are actually associated with coffee and yet if you pick number one, it's actually earthy. So for some people I think Having it in a controlled environment with a Linney sensory kit would would be a nice experience. But for me, if you're just curious enough to just go out and experience things on your own you could actually get get or pick up those notes along the way. Did you have a you have a background in food and beverage or tasting 240? Nothing nothing? Yeah. Wow, you know. I've had this problem before like trying to trying to connect with people who have maybe having the privilege of coaching or assessing when preparing for competition. So that's something that that I've done in the past where when people need to compete they they basically rehearse with with with me some other people for mock judging and then sometimes I'll throw out the tasting notes. And I'll taste it and I'll be like hey that doesn't taste anything like that. Where did you get that? I remember once I had asked. Hey, you said that this tastes like plums. Can you tell me what the plum taste like, right I got I get you because usually for example you'd get for example notes of peaches and people would tell me how do you get notes of I mean, how do you get Peach then? I'll ask him. Are you noticing Peach as can pitch or are you noticing Peach as ice TP feature? So it's more of going down to the details and be more specific with what you taste or how you're actually tasting that. Yeah in the case of the person with the with the plum. He was using a candy using a plum candy. Oh dude to describe describe it. Like that's where you got the taste and my advice. This was because we actually had sent own on hand, but I what I said was hey, I think that you need to go to Rockwell. And drop a hundred pesos on a plum and eat it. Yeah, right and it's worth it because it's Antone is quite expensive. Yes quite the pricey kit the have but it is worth investing going and spending money on fruits. I am I totally agree with that spend you're going to spend a hundred fifty percent a cup of coffee. You can spend a hundred fifty pesos on a nectarine forehead. Yes, unlike for different kinds of orange so you can understand it actually when people To ask me how to distinguish notes from different different fruits. I actually just tell them to go to the supermarket and grab every single Citrus that they actually see in the Shelf because I think Citrus is really accessible. So that alone you could get lemons limes calamansi and even down to different kinds of oranges like navel and mandarin orange even different kinds of even different kinds of lemon exactly like Go get a local lemon get an American 11 get a and then see how they taste different. Yes. Taste The Taste the juice taste the flesh tastes the skin exactly different flavors. And for some people are even usually tell them to cut the cut the I mean cut the lime or cut the lemon and just Flip Flip the peel at the back and try to see the aroma or the zest that comes through. So these are things that you've also done. Yeah. Yeah. I remember before all of this I was into wine and which is very expensive here in the Philippines to be into and during that time not very good. Like now it now's a good time to be in the wine, but I have discovered coffee. It's very difficult to go back but also because coffee is is a lot more affordable. Right like, you know getting a reasonable good wine will cost you. You may be a thousand pesos. Yes minimum, but if you spend a thousand pesos on a cup of coffee. That's how she handled as Melda. Yeah, right. Like, yep, you're already starting at the top. So it does create a lot of opportunity for us to taste other things. But when I was when I was into wine, I didn't understand minerality until I went out and looked rocks. So we go to the beach and I'd lick the Rocks so it under I would go to the beach and I would lick the rocks and that's how I understood like how saltiness and brightness comes from mineral. So I give that as a tip there like if that's how you want to expand your palate everything in the same tone box is based on things in the real world. Yes. All right, so in terms of the tasters cup because you won the Philippine tasers cup, but Euros at last year, so it was awesome can see ya is that the first time we had a Pacers cup here? Yeah, it's the first time. I'm actually so you are the only Philippine tasers Cup champion so far so far and for the next year, yeah for they're not having it this year. Sadly sadly were not having it this year, which is a whole other discussion. Yes, but in preparing for that, like what made you think that this is something that you wanted to do? And how did you get involved in it? And how is it different from regular copying? I actually had this solder idea of competition way back when I was when I was in answer. So Kevin and me covid actually see that there's a lot a come latte art competition and there's a national Barista competition in the Brewers cup, but I suddenly ask them if there was actually something on the side of tasting and they said elsewhere it was it was being conducted, but we don't have that yet in the Philippines and I said, maybe one day I'll just sign up for it. If we do have the opportunity so last year I told myself was this the sign that I've been waiting for so I eventually jump shipped and just signed up. So we expecting to win actually know. But of course I was looking forward to Berlin if I did yeah. So earlier you asked the differences between the normal copying and in the competition side. So usually in the normal copying table you'd get a wide array of coffees. But on that case you'd be in a relaxed setting where you're just enjoying the coffee tasting the nuances and maybe comparing and contrasting which one you actually like but in a cup tasters competition you would be faced with a total of Twenty four cups of coffee and it's divided into eight sets of three. So I usually tell people that it's a mind game for a coffee actually because on the three cups, you'll be having in one set. You would have to remove the odd one out. So triangulation. Yeah, it's triangulation. So for me, I found it quite easy in the first round because you'd be having coffee. That's quite Stark or they're quite different from each other. So on one hand, you may be having something that's quite naughty and you'd have this you'd be having very bright coffees on the other side. So you'd notice the differences, but eventually as you progress to the next levels, it gets quite difficult. So just so I'm clear there's no scoring involved. There's actually a square involved. So you need to Get the odd one cop out and at the same time you would need to have it on the fastest time yet. You can finish. Okay, so usually they would give you eight minutes, but it depends on how fast you could go and how accurate you could go about it. So there's a you can a need to strike the balance of how fast you are and how correct you are. Yes in terms of the tasting so in normal copying We have a we have a standard cutting sheet, right and we score based on Flavor body sweetness balance all these things acidity right which you don't have to do at the at the cop tasers. No, you're tasting and then how does that work? You're just saying. Okay this these two have medium acidity and this one has high acidity. That's the odd one out. I think it would have to go differently for different people. But what I'd usually do is for example, if there are three cups presented the me, what I do is you're actually required to try all of the cups. So I try to train myself in a way that when I taste the coffee, I need to have some sort of picture into it. So for example when I taste it and have notes of strawberry, so that strawberry for me. On the second cup if I get blueberries on the third cup, I should be expecting either strawberries or blueberries before putting the odd one out. But for some people they're more trained not on the Note side, but maybe if they're so good in mouth feel or if they're good in acidity. They can also use those those factors to identify which cup is actually a so you go based on you pick a primary tasty note. Yep. And that you use it as guidance. Yes, exactly. Okay. so after winning gear and then going to Worlds how did you feel at World's like how is what was your performance like and what did you notice to be the differences between the two it was actually a different level of the world's you'd see you'd see some people who are so relaxed into it and some other people who are so tense into it and it was actually nice experience because you get to know a lot of people along the way so some of them are also The coffee industry while there are also some people who are enthusiastic. So I was able to meet one guy who was actually a who was working for Uber. Yeah. Yeah, and he was mentioning that he was also surprised too when within the cup tasters for their country when he was also competing against other Roasters as well. So going back you you ask what the experience was? Yeah, and I do notice that Competing as an independent versus competing. Let's say as a company or as a firm. I do notice that there is more strategy involved as you how you go into it because I usually see them going as a team and they would have a coach on hand. So I do notice that the coaches would actually take note of the competitors and at the same time they would check which cups the competitors got wrong so they would tend to They're they're kinda date on which cops they would or which cops they should be more careful on so. Maybe next time if I'd have done experience again for for the world's. Maybe it's something that I might consider as well. So aside from training for Speed and time, but also bring a team bring a team you really see that like you really see like here when like when we send a team, I think they're trying to limit this. Okay, just so just to be clear. I think that the that WC is trying to limit this from happening too much. But when we send a team usually it's maybe a team of two team of three and then you know, Australia Will Roll in with their team of 25 guys. There's one person whose job it is just to carry the grinder. Not one person whose job it is just to carry accessories, right? Yeah, and that's really the way that that they do it, right it maybe it's an economic situation kind of thing. Right especially if you're by yourself, but this is something I think that as as an industry we can really grow from is, you know, just because someone in a different firm Is the representative that doesn't mean you can't be on their team. Yes, right because at the end of the day we are team Philippines. Yes, right, you're representing the country and I get very happy when I see, you know professionals, you know, Filipino professionals traveling around the world. I remember seeing this recently with Sylvester and kiddo being in London, I think for the yeah, right and then Center for coffee. Yep role went over there and they ran the around the coffee booth at that export together. Right and it was a good opportunity for them to be team Philippines as one right? Hopefully we can see some more of that and maybe a bit more cooperation especially because we find ourselves in a situation where no one company is really big enough to feel the team of 24 25 people at a time, right? I would also say maybe one of the learnings we can take from that is if the coach is doing those things watching the competitor. Maybe it's something that you could do also right meaning. You're lucky if you're if you're round six, right if you're the sixth person in your heat is always going to be difficult to go first. Yes during the competition. I was actually at the second heat if I'm not mistaken, so it's like you No choice, but you had to jump in. Yeah. Well, that's the thing it always always be prepared no matter what and then just maximize your opportunities to take advantage right of of you know, you know being blessed with a slightly better luck of the draw, right? Yeah. What's the rule book like for the tasters cup is it long is it? I think it's relatively shorter for example compared to Brewers cop or not or european BC because it basically just says How you actually prepare for it. So actually for the tasters copy just need a spoon a couple spoon and basically you're all set. But I think when you go into the preparation, you need to be mentally prepared as well. So if you're just going there thinking that you'd be sipping coffee or slurping coffee. It could be quite challenging but you need to be focused as well. So in the rulebook is just States all of these technicalities, but As far as if you're going to compare it to for example p and BC and Brewing not so much more has actually written on it. That's also the other thing is that it's the only competition. That is where there are right and wrong answers. Yes, right as opposed to having a scale right there something that's relatively subjective the thing I think that a lot of people don't realize when competing in Brewers cup I've competed in Brewers Cup in 2000. I think that was 2018. Yes IRS. I was first runner-up by Very painful to points, especially when you know how scores are calculated and whenever I have the opportunity to coach and help people prepare for for their runs. We always go back to that. We always go back to making sure that you know the rule book by you know know it like the back of your hand and I always saw them. You better know that rulebook better than the judges know it yes because we have definitely seen situations where For example, someone didn't do latte art in their Barista competition. The judge will see that and give it's an automatic zero. Yes, because there's no the rules are very basic. It's it must be symmetry symmetrical right? There must be this. Well, at least before there must be one inch of foam in your cappuccino. There were rules like that and all of those little things about the points. All right, or Deductions is more like right. So if you missed it, then it's a zero, very basic no weapons on top of the espresso machine. So we called no ads on top as soon as you put the liquid on top of the espresso machine. You got a technical zero or you're supposed to get the technical 0 right? And if you don't know the rule book, if you're not spending hours and hours just reading that thing and highlighting it and know him. Okay, here's where I'm going to score my points it. It's no matter how far you prepare you won't be able to maximize everything. I mean if you don't read the rule book, yeah, so in preparation for cop teaser Champion when you when you competed was there anything that you feel that you did that maybe you didn't have to do? So far, I didn't realize but what maybe I would it would be nice if I share what I actually did for the competition. Yeah, so some people would actually think that going into competition is actually doing sets of triangulation every day, but what they actually did was just to have one or two cups of coffee a day, but I made it a point that every time I drank the cup I would have some sort of note this some sort of note. That's Distinguishable in that cup of coffee. So I tried myself. I trained myself to pick up the notes right away or if not at least assess how how the acidity is playing in my playing in my tongue or excessive. It's a heavy coffee. I like coffee. So it's important straight away that you need to get some sort of memory or perception on what you're getting from that cup of coffee a couple of days before the competition. I tried to limit taking spicy food hot food. It's important not to actually burn your tongue. So I usually limit myself to things that do not give a heavy heavy Sense on your palate. So it's basically having cereal milk bread and kanji. Wow, how many days like three to five days before the competition. Wow, so you went East neutral basically. Yes and carb-heavy carve. Because it's neutral. For the competition recommend that for other competitions. Not so sure and how other competitions would go about but definitely for tasters. It's something I would recommend because for example if you're so used to tasting spicy stuff. You might not be able to distinguish some faint notes that you would be tasting and coffee and every bit of note actually helps. Did you ever Did user training partner there were times when I actually dropped by the Quezada office and Ivy was actually there. So if I'm lucky they have production run of their coffee and I would also taste with them because I think tasting is actually a experience that you'd want to share with people. So people tend to taste differently in the end. It's actually interesting to hear how people actually taste that specific kind of thing so usually when He talked about tasting it reveals some sort of Personality that goes with the person. So there was one time when we were actually tasting a cup and I actually remember someone saying oh it smells like what do you see and I was like, wow, so this this person must have some sort of interesting childhood that he'd have to mention. What do you see or yeah or sometimes I have people saying that they would get seaweed or soy sauce in the coffee then later on you. You actually know that their background is actually in the cooking so they're actually chefs. So some people are very familiar with for example with local fruits and did say that this is your bond or this is a papaya or this is star apple and all sorts. So it helps to also open your perspective on how other people taste things. I remember there's a cafe in Taiwan in Taipei called aura Okay, and what they did was they built a they built a tasting chart that was unique for Taiwan based on the based on their taste. So they built it out and then the and it's based on what people there are used to tasting. So on the greens and rice and bread side on the standard seh art. It's like drains cereal bread. And that's it, right or pretty much that's it. Right and I think there's like Browns in the Taiwan one. There's it has its own branch and then one that Taiwan in or has version there's a it has its separate branch and then they're like six different kinds of rice that there's like toasted rice and brown rice steamed rice and it's all these different ones and then they actually went they kind of went crazy. On it and they made a computer program where they would feed photos into a they would put the item into a into a lightbox. Right and the camera would take a picture of that item and determine what the color the single color property that is dominant. In that item is and that's the color that they were using on the chart. And then this is crazy and then when they would Have tastings they would write down what they tasted and in what percentage they would taste and then the computer would generate. A like a DOT map of the density of different flavors and things he notes based on. Wow. Yeah, and then they went the next year. They decided to sort coffees based on the way that it made them feel. Wow, and then they basically invented some sort of AI. So they said what how copies made them feel and then they sorted it and then they looked at photos and they said how those photos have made them feel and they sorted it and then the labels are now generated by the computer. So they tell the computer how it makes them feel and what things they taste and in what percentages and the computer selects a picture and colors the picture with the swatches. From the top from the AI in the color balance of the percentages that you said. Wow, it's crazy but crazy it's crazy. But it's you it's completely unique to their culture to the things that they taste and the way that they feel about imagery. Yes. So like serenus intensity relaxation, right and then the actual colors, it's wild it's pretty wild - actually the idea of moving into it is actually mind-blowing and then if you go into the Roasterie instead of having a big roaster they have to I think five kilo roasters. Because they want to have kind of the flavors from the different Roasters different have different characteristics. So it's one of the most interesting Cafe and Roastery experiences I've ever had and it's in a place called Aura in Taipei and the I should visit you should you should definitely visit once you can go there. Oh God. Yeah, it's super interesting. I think if we were going to build it a wheel here, right? If you're going to build a taser chart here. Yeah, definitely like star fruit. Yes. We'll be there right and when we talk about starfruit, like can you tell me about star fruit? I have very specific memories about childhood and running on walls right running on the top of a wall and picking it out of a tree and eating it without washing it right. yeah and it's very unique to those memories do you ever have tasting notes that are that are highly unique it's a word you ever have those tasting notes that you're worried to say because people will not understand it and how do you deal with that if you do maybe I guess it's more of trying to live a nice things so for example let me try to think of a scenario I'll give you an example okay okay so I had a coffee once and I tasted it and I told my trainer right all right my friend who is training me at the time I said hey this tastes like barbecue chicken Like how do you break that apart? Maybe a first try to check out the wheel first. Okay and find something that's quite close to that. Well, actually there was a time but it's I mean it's sort of close to what you said. There was one time when I was copying and I got the note of peach then someone had the note of pair. So both of us were saying no, it's Peach. No, it's fair. So to sort that out. We checked the Rear wheel and surprisingly Peach and pear were actually side by side. So going back to your example. I think the flavor will would help in some sort of way to itemize or to sort out. What's the closest thing to it? But at the end of the day, I think I'd still stick with my personal experiences on how to actually taste those. So for me, some people would actually see there's a right. Way or wrong way to tasting. Well, actually it's sort of And a beaut I mean an art and the science there's actually an art and a science to it. So for me to maybe to stop deterring people from from from tasting our sensory, we don't tell them that they're tasting something wrong, but it's actually trying to pull them closer and closer to the wheel. So I was mentioning earlier that some people would actually be tasting soy sauce or when we actually pull it closer. Maybe maybe it's not soy sauce, but maybe it's a no Experience for them so maybe for barbecue maybe it's charred Savory. Usually what I do in the case of barbecue what what no way that I figured the solve that problem was the first ask what kind of barbecue. Oh, yes. You're right, right because it might be lemongrass. Yep. It might be Mesquite, right? It might be burnt wood and then it might be honey it. It might be it might be brown sugar and then it might be soy sauce. Right and the truth is your taste like when you eat barbecue chicken, you're tasting all of those things right with a mix of fat and protein and and usually the mayor defect which we also get in copied or in big bread. So that's usually what I do and then I'll do the same thing. Like I tell people No, there's no wrong answer. Like I remember there was this famous tasting code which are Filipino roaster would use it me anything you taste that it's in again. Right? And I was like, you know, you're right it's in again. But what is it the specific insights in again? Is it Tamarind or come? Yes, exactly. Is it time - yes. It's like I need dancers. It's funky. It's fucking weird. Talk about chocolate just now earlier. So you're like we you didn't you read anything into any sort of food and beverage because I mention I done wine but was there anything else like that that you have been into actually, I would say chocolates there was actually one time when I was able to get the box of chocolates, not the Forrest Gump type box of chocolates, so it's basically Dark chocolates. So people usually have the concept misconception that dark chocolate stand to be better, but there are actually some interesting ones, especially if you go somewhere around between 70 to 80% So usually you get notes like dried fruit something like dried. Dried something like prunes, but there was this specific set that I got. It was actually a The brand is called Verona. It's quite interesting because usually they have notes on it. They write something like spicy or they have something that's bold and sweet or creamy and stuff. But there was this certain piece that Road Floral and fruity. So I was really intrigued what floral and fruity was in chocolate. So when I tried it, I was so surprised that I pick up. Come on Mae Lin qiao. In the end there's nothing else in there. They didn't put chamomile. No, it was actually so surprising where was the chocolate from I forgot which country it was from but it was really delicious. So anytime that I see the brand Verona, I tried to pick up a pack home. That's that that just goes back to kind of like your central message, which is that there's really no wrong way. Right? Like it just be open open the try new experiences because you won't Don't actually know that. anything could actually be a sensory experience even something like washing your hands in a new in the new liquid soap could actually surprise you and also so you're saying that you're you're talking about chocolate right and you're saying that the the you're expecting it to be better right for most people think that it's better and I think the big take home for me from that is just don't have the expectation right like if you're gonna go taste it don't have the expectation that this is going to be better or that it's going to be sweet or that it needs to taste like berries because it's from Ethiopia right yes like just accept things for what they are and I appreciate them in their truth right I did want to ask you after you started talking about that what are your thoughts on bitterness I think bitterness when you try to extract coffee in a for example over extracting coffee can actually cause bitterness but there are actually some sort of bitterness that add value to coffee so one of those things would be for example grapefruit grapefruit is actually a bit is actually very bright and bitter but it's sort of complex in a way that you appreciate the fruit but eventually when it years in coffee is it something that you'd appreciate I definitely say yes yeah we're like Fern are Rula their bitter actually recently I've tried more and more surprising things coming out of coffee and it's actually quite interesting because before I was shutting myself away from stuff that are actually Herby but it's quite surprising to see that there are actually some people in other parts of the world appreciating that and recently I've been exposing myself to different cups and I do notice that there are some cops that are tasting something like eucalyptus those are those Nordic Roasters yeah right those nor the Grocer's really like the so it's quite interesting and quite surprising in a way as well Yeah, I always you know when I first started getting into coffee, my understanding really wasn't bitterness was a factor of something being done wrong at some point right meaning it was mishandled. It was Miss roasted. It was not rude properly was over extracted. It was under extracted. It was something someone had to do something wrong for this to be better. Right? But, you know, it wasn't a sensory kit. It was me going out and eating. actuals right and understanding that the vegetables on the edge of the vegetable like of a leaf of lettuce tastes different from the center yes right and then really thinking that okay so that edge is exposed to sunlight and whatever and the Heart of that vegetable is kind of protected and so the sugar stay intact and that central part right and seeing that okay in the same way espresso in particular is an average right the flavors in the beginning and the flavors the end are different but we mix it and swirl it together and we get this yes this tastes together and kind of learning the to appreciate things as they are in their truth open me up to being able to appreciate that Earnest and use it as a tasting out and understand people who want their coffee bitter yes right so you have two of them are you still have your day job will you compete again I'm actually looking forward to compete again in in cock taster something you don't want to try anything else so for if I want to try something else I be more interesting on the interested in the side of judging or learning more on how to score so for me it's an interesting side to learn on are you judging this year so far I signed up for this but no word back yet So far there would be a workshop on Sunday. So I'm sort of looking forward to that as well. I think I think that as a good taster you do a good job judging something like the Brewers cup. It's very if you read that rule book, you study that rule book what you'll really find is that the Brewers cup if you are sensory judge you really are just testing for Taste. Yes, like and it's very liberating to be able to okay. We're not really thinking about that much about what you're presenting whether it's right or wrong or your workflow or this or that it's really just What is what am I tasting here? We're scouring the shopping sheet is what they're saying. Actually what's coming out here. Is there truth in effect, right? And yeah, I really think it would help like if we had I think that you would be a great asset to a judging panel is what I would like to say. Thank you. that said what do you think coffee should taste like for me and really biased with coffee that's quite sweet quite floral. So before there was a trend when I used to like medium roasted coffee, then it's it's sort of shifted to light Rose had coffee. So so it's like juggling in between but so far. I'm appreciating Nordic Rose from Sweden. So it's something that I've been drinking regularly so recently and most often than not usually have notes of chocolates or cacao nibs and all those I'm leaning towards something that's quite on the Lighter Side maybe a no-good finish mmm yeah mostly on those things so it's something that I'm chasing chasing and chasing so recently I've been trying to get myself on different roosters from Sweden just try and try them out I find it super unusual because the those Roasters from those Nordic and in northern European Roasters have kind of this new wave and philosophy of taste and flavor and how they're handling the coffee and I find it to be very similar to high quality teas right so you're talking about milk fermented wulong right who are it is age you know age fermented prayers and that kind of intensity of flavor and we're starting to see them and paste them in coffee and from a competition point of view I think it might be something where we have an advantage because we have access So these flavors and something we're familiar with actually that you can go. I remember one time. I was not feeling well in Hong Kong which is always a scary Prospect years ago. Not in the last hundred days, don't worry, but I was not feeling so well and I was like, you know what I need to look for a drugstore. So I was wondering around these young one. I pulled out my phone like drug stores like this one around the corner and I get there and it's one of These Chinese Chinese drug storks, you know where the cat sitting on a on a pile of leaves right? Then. I'm like, oh, this is a drugstore site search Pharmacy and then I go and say okay, there's one around the corner. So I go around another Corner which in showing one means walking up a 30-foot Hill so walk up in 30-foot ceiling I get there and yet another yet another he's would like but they're beautiful because they're all these smells all these great smells. And then I realized you know what Watson's and I got myself some paracetamol. If you could have a cup of coffee with anyone in the world from any period of time. Who would that be and why? I think I'd have coffee with Gerald Genta. Okay. So I've had a thing for watches in I was just looking at watch design and eventually liking this and liking that then it suddenly dawned upon me that hey, why don't I Google who actually designed these watches and I was actually surprised that it was General giunta. So it's quite interesting to see his designs over in Cartier in AP in pathetic and even something as simple listen Mickey Mouse watch so it's something that he actually worked on so I think having a cup of coffee with him is not just talking about watches but it would be nice to see his design philosophy and how he actually went about that do you have a design philosophy hmm that's a tough question well maybe you can discuss it with him when you get the chance so we'll put that out there where can people find you on Instagram oh in other Mitch at other Mitch and then of course they can find the products that you distribute on Lozada yes they look for that they're a little a little tip that you're going to that you have someone who's using your equipment at this upcoming Brewers Cup right yep forward that in the meantime please do follow at yard see coffee on Instagram have daily drink bag on Instagram and have honeycomb vanilla which is our studios here we are we are we are fully open now so we've been on soft open for many months but we're very happy to open our doors in March and please come visit us let's have some coffee together and of course if you do enjoy our content please do make sure that you are following yardstick coffee and honeycomb vanilla on Graham and on YouTube respectively did I say that in the current order I think so and of course the only drink mag.com which is a great place to read about the different places that we've been our philosophy is our learnings throughout time and to find stories like the one that I told about Aura in Taipei so one of the interesting things is that you can sort by location so if you're going through a certain town a certain then you can go to the website click on that City on that town for example Philippines right that that country Philippines and see all the different cafes and and cocktail bars and stuff like that that we've been through here but we have Singapore Malaysia Vietnam Thailand Hong Kong and in a couple of weeks we are going on our trip to Thailand so stay tuned for that and again thank you so much for joining us I really enjoyed talking to you and like hearing about your experience and your philosophy is in taste and I have learned so much thank you kosher KO all right let's have some coffee let's go sorry I was thinking about your dad this this does not surprise me let's go Cheers Cheers Let's coffee.