Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan. Mark's Andre said it my God and then by the Comcast SportsNet two days, they've mentioned me it's cool. I appreciate it. Now it is which Philly? Yeah. Okay, then we appreciate to listeners in the feedback. And obviously we launched we launched the website you decide the birds.com and we got even more great feedback from that. So I just want to thank everybody and if you haven't checked out inside the birds.com yet. Please do it's finally been launched. So there I suggest you sign up to get the email newsletter because we're eventually going to start communicating. With our our viewers and listeners through email and we're going to be able to ask I'm sorry answer more ITB questions in stories. We can do mailbag stories because we don't always get to them in the great Point Jeff. Yes, we're going to I'm going to do a mailbag show with Jeff and we're just going to answer them Jeff, but I go back and forth an email. That's an awesome Point awesome deal this way so we don't kill time here on our show because we have so much to get to but we really appreciate the feedback and you know, we've picked up I would estimate 15. Our new subscribers based on our analytics. It's really I don't want us to say that we appreciate it. Really it's pretty awesome. We appreciate as Jeff said our last show the the filling out the response, you know, the your comments on Apple wherever you obviously wherever you get shows and we really appreciate the feedback and it's very clear you want information. This is why we created this show and we're giving it to you. So let's do it awesome right before we get into this and we are I want to make One more announcement and I think you and I both really excited about this. Oh, yeah, and we're announcing it here on the podcast before it's even on social media. So some of our listeners will get it before it's out on Twitter or anything like that. But Adam and I and the ITB crew we are going to host an NFL draft first-round watch party at Frankfurt Hall in Fishtown, which is a really bustling thriving area real great area for people to come out and have some beers and and watch the draft and be a part of the ITB experience. Going to have a show with I cannot confirm or deny. It's somebody who's got some connections to the Eagles, but it's going to be someone who's got connections to the Eagles and it's going to be a great show. So we're going we had oh, right. We have one guy Jeff that moment. We're there like five people on our list are number one target. You'll know why how great is if he says yes, I don't know why you won't but I've I've got haven't gotten the phone yet, but I'm trying feverishly. But no matter what we do. It's going to be great and it's going to be we're going to now Where it is when details it's going to be on draft night Greg is I've been Jeff, is that correct? Yes, it is going to be Andrew. Yeah. Yeah. It'll 23rd. No, it's okay. Yeah, you know, it's my brother's name Oh, I thought maybe you were confusing me with with Greg Cosell. No. No. No, I talked to someone earlier than gray. And by the way, happy birthday my mom. She turned 90, it's awesome. Oh, that's great. Happy birthday. Mrs. Kaplan. That's great. So yeah, April 23rd. Seven o'clock will the show will start at 8 o'clock, obviously 8:00 8:15, whatever the Draft starts will be there for the draft. Will the whole first round and then afterward we'll do a podcast from there. So it's going to be a great evening at Frankfurt Hall in Fishtown stay tuned to at inside Birds on Twitter for more details on that. Alright, let's get into it. So we got a lot to talk about. I want to start with the offense Adam because last podcast was we did a comprehensively but the big thing for people and listeners was Byron Jones Byron Jones Byron. Let's talk a little bit about the offense because he's do wide receiver is an area that needs to be addressed and it's not something you can just draft your way to success. I mean you do need to draft some but I'm just talking about to be competitive in 2020. They need to have a plan here. And even if they're going to draft the kid in the first round, they may not get that speed kid that they're looking for especially Henry rugs. So they're gonna have to do something free agency Adam and we've talked about some names, but I'm wondering if you have kind of a better idea now on how the market It's going to unfold for Robbie Anderson. And if you think the Eagles would be involved. Yeah. Alright, so let's start with Robbie Anderson and we'll get to Mark Cooper and some other guys my senses from in you saw me you and I were working together for two days and you kind of saw what I was doing. I'll get the sense that they're not and they're not in the Cooper race or not. The Anderson race. I don't think they're going to be in the first round of signings of receivers. I'm talking about look they're only two high ends. It's Cooper and Anderson, but barring a there'd be a major surprise me. If they get in there, you know, you could never say never the Eagles were in we talked about this before Amari Cooper got benched against them and that's what what's what happened. Incredible Talent you just It's a lot of money. Oh, by the way, so with Cooper looking at my notes Here the reason why they pursued him and offer him a sec around the Cowboys a the rate of second-round pick, you know micro recruited him to Alabama, right? That was a big reason why they because he knew him. Mike was such a phenomenal receivers coach. They thought they could handle Maria Mars a great guy, right? But sometimes he just goes into a shell and just doesn't play as well. That's correct. So, I don't expect that the even if he doesn't get tagged, I don't expect it to happen that them to be in the race and I I do not expect them to be in the Rob Anderson race. Now. I know your question would be well, wait a minute what they involve them to Lester's did they want him? Yes. The money is going to be pretty significant and now Robbie can run. No doubt and he was in a Good Year, by the way. He I'm also told by Jets or said he great chemistry with Sam Donald that's important the Jets. I'm told also want him back, but the Jets Jeff on his situation. It's going to come out of what he wants and they're gonna have a number and if it's above it, they're not gonna be the right answer race, but he definitely a good year and he's you know, he's matured a little bit but you always worry about guys who earlier in their career were not so mature how they going to have all this money Hmm. Got to be careful. So anyway, look the eagle to me ask you this. Do you think that the deep deep Draft wide receivers the the great class that is a company that is ahead of us will impact his ability to get a big deal in Agency, no because she could run there are only two speed true speed receivers in this draft. Mmm. And you know who they are their Ross who robs who just oh my God, I can't tell you now rugs and Himmler that's that's it. I'm my guy kammler. So who will go from 20 to 40 that area the earliest? I think he literally would go would be the Eagles at 21. I don't know where they're at on him. We're going to we're going to have some pretty interesting information on him and other players at the Eagles retargeting or may be targeting or Like a closer, you know, we're in a friggin student right now. So you know that look they're not the secondary Market is what I call the the second group. I don't think they would pay 10 million eight to ten million for prashad perriman. It's not sure you're going to love this kid. I think it's a great story. I know about the injury history. I know about the drops, but he really stepped up for the bucks good kid. I just don't think they want to pay a ton of money. Wow, that's unfortunate because I thought prashad is a guy who maybe doesn't A good contract because of the question marks almost like Alshon Jeffery is accept these younger when he hits free agency, but he has just as many question marks as you mentioned the drops the injuries the fact that it took them quite a while and I almost wondered if prashad was going to be the type of guy that bets on himself with a one-year deal just like Alshon Jeffery did with the Eagles to try to get a better contract this time next offseason. And in that case, I feel like the eagles would be aggressive because they would only be one year. Yeah, but See Jeff you got the way that that the Eagles were looking at this thing is there's a reason why these guys are making it their free agency that they're testing it. You just outlined very well per shot parabens issues terms of drops and injury history though. He's put a lot of that behind them Amari Cooper not shown up at the right time in terms of really playing. Well when they need him to play well though. He's so gifted. Oh my God. He you know if you and I graded, If you and I graded in all 30 teams receivers in terms of raw talent. I meant he's top three man. This guy's a stud as a talent. He's just he's had looked the writers didn't want them. Okay, not a fact that in a my number Talk of the Raiders. They were very aggressive in trying to move. So, you know Robbie Anderson, we talked about made of Sanders. We've talked about Phillip Dorsett could run but he had a bad year. There's no question about that. Now Taylor Gabriel was cut. He's not going to cost you very much. He did hit a great contract with the Bears. He could run. He's more of a small Gadget player. Richard perriman Jeff is not he's not shown the ability to play, you know, 70% of the offense of snap for a team yet. It just is not. He's not that guy. Well, doesn't that make it a little more likely that he's not going to get the contract he seeks I feel like he's perfect to take a one-year prove a deal because no one's really going to blow them out of the water Robbie Henderson. I can't say that. I don't know that we have two weeks left. Uh-huh. I don't know that about him. He's again, maybe maybe it's just me. Maybe it's just me. Maybe I'm overreacting this guy, but he's such a great story of you know, he people thought they were done with them. I mean people thought teams had enough, you know drops and injuries, but no other than him look look if he if Brooke jurors announces agent can't get them. You know look he could do a one-year prove it deal for 5 million and but he's just he's just did that. You know, he just did approve it situation. Yeah, but that's because he had to he had to he was going off practically 2018 for 340. Then he signed a one-year and I'll he did well 36 for six forty five touchdowns. I don't know that that merits a whole lot of money right look, uh, it's fair I'm with you, but I'm not one for the record. Yeah for the record. Not her the Eagles on him. My understanding is it has been for a while that they're going to go heavy draft at least two receivers and I know where ways away from the draft. I just feel that they're going to play it smart and start developing their young received card bill down with with Carson, right? That's really what they wanted. They want him to grow with receivers is going to be playing with and hopefully that includes white side, obviously. We are think of whites that he you know, he'll be on the roster but he's you know, as I said the last show, he's got to prove himself Greg Ward. Okay. I got a lot of questions on him. I know you and I are probably going to an article taking everyone's questions. Yeah, but I just want to people are like going they think like he's that slot receiver folks. It's a great great kid and great story MST. How many times did this kid guy get caught by the Eagles? Yeah. I don't think anybody is going to be upset if the Eagles upgrade over the position, but I mean clearly rewards earned himself an invite, you know back. Last year well said yeah. I just wanted to I'm seeing you know, I don't unfortunately I don't get the answer a lot of questions on Twitter anymore and people are like blow me up. No, why won't he be the slot receiver? Look folks. He's going to be I got the question because he did so well, it's it what a nice kid great story is going to be the next four are roster spot and the slot position. If you don't win, it'll be a backup if he's not good enough, you won't be able to team. That's just where it is. Yeah, they're never see her position is is Dreadful right now. It's just it's the worst position on the team. It's not arguable. It's a fact act as bad as linebackers. It's even worse at receiver and they're gonna have to rebuild it and they know that look this if listen to how he Rosemond in the I don't know how many interviews he did five or six at the combine and around that you could just hear what he's saying, they're clearly going to they're clearly going to attack free free or not free agency, but really just trying to help him, right and I think he really wants young receivers. That's kind of my read on everything. All right, let's transition a quarterback because we only got into the contract other than Carson Wentz and Kyle Letta Yeah, we'll see Nate said felled is going to be a restricted free agent know he's on a shirt it I'm sorry an unrestricted free agent. So he's basically going to test the waters there as well. I know everybody's getting excited about Nick Foles. First of all, I'm not convinced. Jacksonville is really gonna get rid of them. But secondly, why don't you and I just do our best right now to let everyone know there is no Nick Foles could be on the street right now with no contract and only looking to play for a any and I don't think the Eagles would be bringing him back in he's not coming back. Okay, I don't know. I mean, I know people made it I said something on the wfp was doing a poll and I said he's not coming back. I just was like, I just having fun with it. It's not happening. No way. No how Jacksonville look they're going to try everything. They can internally they want you to be the guy and he's an unbelievable story. This is crazy. Like okay here we're going to this going to take 20 seconds. Nick Foles is base salary. Fifteen point one two five million fully guaranteed. Okay, there are 500,000 per game roster bonuses total for the season. That's 15.625 million. It's got a workout bonus very close to 16 million. They own. Oh by the way is another little nugget. That's not out. There. Here's the real nugget. Oh boy. This is what a contract he got in good job by Justin. Schulman is Agent. Yeah, but I know it. Look Tom Coughlin was that I wanted and by the way, I'm told by multiple sources you no longer there. False is five million dollar roster bonus is becomes fully guaranteed. Mmm is five million dollar roster bonus for 2021. It's called Advanced guarantee. Right? Don't fully guaranteed on March 3rd day of this year. Yeah. Yes, they did in advance guarantee, which is an alliance. So if he's on your team this year, he's definitely making five million amateur Fighters, you know, look look I don't see how in the hell anyone would take next contract right player. You like to have the contract you're not Unless it's that you gave incline a deal where the Jags pay other teams to take it. They're going to take you know heifers contract. That's a different story. Yeah, let me know that you know, I don't because don't you think contract aside money aside that the Eagles probably wouldn't bring Nick Foles back. Anyway, I mean, they just dealt with a year of anonymous quotes that people like foals better than Carson Wentz and it seemed like Carson finally played his best when he was with his no name practice squad guys. Now you bring Nick Foles back and you got that whole Specter. I just don't think the Eagles want anything to do with that. I'm look they'll never they love Nick. I mean you have no idea, you know, you know, you know, yeah, you know just as well as I've not better, you know you were you cover that team very closely for you left Comcast SportsNet you were in that building, you know, how much they love Nick. Yep. It's really one of the most remarkable stories have been in blocked by the way when Nick was dressed. You know the runner one and Russell Wilson, there was never any talk doing that draft. They're going to draft Nick it just the board. They draft a little bit earlier. It was an eerie have personal control. They actually dressed them earlier than they expect. You know, they went they didn't they didn't go really by their draft where they just any one of the quarterback and they took them. So anyway, no the they don't want Nick. They it's not they don't want Nick back. They just want to move on Jeff nail this I've really nothing else to add. You nailed it on a percentage of this kind of move on and and we'd be remiss if we didn't mention that there this happens to be a very good year. Year if you need a backup quarterback, I mean Colt McCoy Case Keenum, Joe Flacco. Who so we'll see what happens with Mariota. I mean, you could come out of this thing with a pretty good backup quarterback who's had some modicum of more than a modicum of success in this league. Yeah, you know, they love they've loved Case Keenum. I probably put on a show year ago. But you know Case Keenum is a guy that I think is going to cost a little bit of money now, you're right. They're gonna be a lot of guys out there, but put the highwomen And backup Market or Bridgewater. I think he's got a chance to 10 million. I'd be it. Look if the Domino's work out for him and these teams don't get who they want. Could he get a better deal in 10 million a year as it could be get a starting deal sure lot more than that. Hmm 18 to 20 million short, but right now I don't the team's I've talked to about him. They love him, but I just see him as a high-end backup. Your Mariota needs. He needs further development. He needs to be retooled. Old with his mechanics. Hmm the Eagles the way that I here's the way I look at it. They love Josh McCown. He'd be the backup of heading out how the injury but they're not going to he's not going to until June and talking to people have talked to him last week or so. Josh doesn't know yet because he just doesn't know if he's going to play or not because the rehab is arduous. This is a pretty significant surgery and that he the hamstring to be reattached. Hmm. It's a pretty big deal here. So Nate said for here's the problem. As much as they love Nathan ever started NFL game, I believe Jeff, right? We know he has never wait. Did he start the final game? No. No, he's he did not start that game. They played it played Nick Foles for a quarter or like for slept but understand right but understand this Yuki Carson's is your history, although, you know card, you know, it's unbelievable. Most people don't know this Carson was only less than the entry Port once and week 3 with a right hand injury and he didn't miss he took all his reps yet Nate his never started NFL game. He is only played in three and four years. We've only made 20 past. These only had 25 attempts his career. They just can't I get the feeling that they don't want to go in. You know it with Nate being the backup, but he's never started NFL game. That's just you know, it's for a team that is going to make the playoffs with this coaching staff there with at quarterback with that offensive line with the changes. They're making defense will get into that. I've got more on that. We just don't have the time tonight. Right but we'll get to that in the offseason are often shows. It's going to be very good football team, but they gotta they got to get the receivers and we got what we just talked about which will move on from yeah quarterback. I think you got it right now if Kasich Kim's want to take a lot of last money, they'll be in the business with him, but it said he's going to be too much money forget Tannehill. No way Jamis way too much money. And you know, we'll see what happens with bucks Joshua shirt mattemore be a great one, but talking to his agent Lin lashbrooke. He doesn't know if Matt wants to play again. What an unbelievable story. Did you join the conference in Indianapolis? Is that how it is not leveling? No good. His wife Chad had any real quick. Do you know who do you know who was at that conference in Indianapolis? What about dr. Lynn last book for our listeners? Lynn last book is an agent and at the combine every year he does like a conference, which is pretty cool. I mean he addresses a lot of yes different issues in sports and at this year's conference was one other than Des lynam. Really? Yeah. She was on my flight back from Indianapolis to Ali and I'm like, what are you doing here? And she's like I was asked to speak at some conference and she's like, I can't remember the guys name. I'm like, let me guess Lynn lashbrooke. She goes. Yeah. That's the one no, look. Look you said Trevor. Jimmy and I who's a good backup? Yeah another one we Health. Yeah, he's going to be healthy for the off season Flacco the Broncos going to cut him right up. He's met Joe by the way from I think he's from Haddonfield or something like that ought to buy them all to know your age from Audubon about it. Yeah your foot. He's from New Jersey will see forget taste some hills most lucky getting a first-round tender. No, I just think that with the market this good that you're going to get a backup quarterback who's pretty veteran pretty like tablets in your Not even have to pay as much as you have been in the past because they've been paying a lot for frying Chase daylight just write this sum it up. That's what I was going to say. They want a veteran quarterback. We start a bunch of games. That's my understanding checking around the league here at the combine. So that's that's that I got that's pretty much it. Well will narrow down the name or names, you know, they have to see because the the some you know, look, these are good backups. You mentioned the real good backups a Chad Henne has always been a funny Flacco and anywhere where At the same suitable, and actually I used to joke with Joe that Henry was better than him and that's the inner Bowl but I digress goodbye aggression on that. All right, let's break and because we're going to talk about defense, but first I want to thank our friends at PHL Sports nation.com always enhancing The Fan Experience with their coverage of the Flyers and the Sixers and the Phillies and the Eagles and boy has some Philadelphia and if we take the Sixers out certainly the Flyers and the excitement here over the Eagles and Phil he's about to start now is a good time to go to PHL sport station.com and check All their great coverage listen to their podcast. They are great Affiliates. We thank them and real quick Adam. We're going to pause for a word from our other great sponsors. Hey, it's Jeff Bossier Adam Kaplan and I love using anchor for inside the birds podcast every week. It's so user-friendly anyone can create their own podcast and you should too just download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Anchor gives you everything. You need to start your own podcast from your phone or computer. Its Ian tools allow you to record and edit your podcast per hour for a professional sound and anchor will distribute your podcast for you to Apple Spotify Google podcast. And so many other platforms it can be heard by everyone just like inside the birds. You can also make money from your pod with no minimum listenership. What are you waiting for download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to create your podcast today? If you're listening to this you obviously like podcasts and you probably like music to on Spotify. You can listen all of that in one place for free. That's right. You don't need a premium account on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can download episodes to listen to offline, wherever you are. You can easily share what you're listening to with your friends via spotify's Integrations with social media platforms, like Instagram Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on every topic including the one you're listening to right now just search for inside the birds on the Spotify app or browse podcast in the your library Tab and follow me Jeff Mosher. So you never miss an episode of inside the birds Spotify is the world's leading music streaming service and now it can be your go-to for podcasts to All right, let's get into the defensive side of the ball because we both have some pretty interesting information here that we didn't have a couple of days ago. Let's attack the d-line a little bit because since we left Indianapolis the big news that I guess in free agency, which is not a great pass rusher market after cloudy there really isn't a bunch of big name pastors out there, but it appears that the Jaguars and please correct me if I say wrong Adam Jana Goku. No, Yannick and aqua. I was close jannik and gawk way are headed for a divorce. Now. He's going to get franchise tag. Correct a hundred percent. They have I'm told is you know, we're dropping this Thursday morning as it happened yet, but they don't have to the Kuwait. Yes. Janica, and I was told just to go by his statement. You know, it's a shame because Dave Caldwell drafted him. He was he drafted before Coughlin got there and there were some issues with this contract. They never they just didn't get a deal done. They weren't close. I'm told last fall so You know, we'll see if they're the Jags are not willing to trade him right now. We'll see if they change their mind you clown. He's out there that the Seahawks won and back. So yeah, so what he got at the End by the way, so the yeah, there's that and it's really not a great DN Market. I mean, I feel like for the most part the Eagles if they want. Here's the thing about DNA at him and we talked about this before they have a lot of numbers there. They have bodies now, I don't call that great depth because none Of them are established outside of baby Brandon Graham and there's question marks about Derek Barnett and to be fair. Vinny Curry was really their second best pass rusher last year and it took them to push him inside a nickel in December for him for them to get the best out of him. They had to use them correctly. Yeah. So okay the word, you know, and I probably mentioned this in passing but let me explain in better detail. Now, there's been changes. Look the Eagles feel internally that their worst Coach position since Doug came in as a defensive line. I get Matt Burke has never coached the before I checked into that. He's a strategist. He knows the y9 better than most coaches because he's he coached it in Miami. He brought it into Miami and he's known it because he's a Schwartz Protege. They're expecting this to him from a strategy standpoint to get this thing going. We'll talk more about it. When we do offseason shows your passage in May and June and all that stuff. So look Vinny did a good job. You're right man. So based on. You've heard you think there's a chance he comes back. Well, he is a free agent. So he's unrestricted and from a source close to the situation. I have heard that there were a bunch of teams expressing interest in him at the combine and a big reason why Adam is because of what he did in December. Did you know that he had as many pressures as TJ watt in December? Are you sure it really tell me whilst at I don't think people realize that no finished second on the team in sacks and they almost all of them came in December and it wasn't just he was fresh because it was he finally got a chance to play on third down. If you go back to two years ago when they won the Super Bowl, he was a first down second down run down D and and then they would bring in their NASCAR package, which he was not a part of and then he went to Tampa. He got hurt, you know signed a big deal. You gotta hurt got released any came back last year and again, he was situational but you remembered Going with Josh sweat inside in the nickel as their NASCAR package earlier in the year and it's just you got too much sporadic play out of Josh sweat. So, you know, it wasn't until later in the season. They put Vinny in there and and he flourished and by the way, another thing I picked up and digging into Vinny. He was almost traded. He was that right where when deadline The Raven the Ravens showed the most interest in vinegary at last year's deadline and how we didn't want to trade them and and how we turned them down. I was told there was a discussion though. Yeah, I was told to the doors of discussion in which Vinny was informed of it. And if he really wanted to go they probably would have pulled the trigger but how he made it clear they felt they wanted and needed him and of course they wound up really didnít needing him in December. Yeah. So before we move on to move on to linebacker and Corner we get out of here because we're if you really think about it. Think about if Corey wasn't there last year got Joshua dude certainly improved. There's no question one of the most improved defensive players, but he's not consistent enough Curry every Never barely played Miller couldn't get on the field. Aw, Joe Osmond tore his ACL and home never the thing that they shun whole thing was a joke. The guy has his I know I put up crazy numbers in the preseason. Hmm. But how the hell could he not get on the field? We were saying that from September on I don't know. I mean, he's got length. He's fast. They have so many bodies and what yeah, it's like it's so many bodies and they just don't know what to do with them and they need somebody to step up. So I got to bring Curry back. Guy for you everyone - yeah, I think it was and he had and now when you look at the free agents, they're out there look you could get the agent claybournes the world that guys in the late 20s early 30s, you know come in there Vic Beasley, but I love Vic Beasley, but man other that monster year and he's a speed Russia which the us could use he has completely fallen off right Dante Fowler Jr. Is out there, but he's been good, but I'm told I'm told he's under For their tag, so yeah, he's gonna cost a lot of money by the way a lot of money what has he done to cost a lot of I mean, his numbers are not Superior by any means. No, but he definitely he okay. He definitely improved. He definitely improved after the trade for whatever reason he just never got it done in Jacksonville. Hmm Fowler's speed rusher, you know, he played the 34, you know, remember he had a little bit he had needed grow up and mature a little bit. He had a great year. Look he had a breakout year with Sniffs x58 combined tackles. Well, he's never done anything before really. Yeah. That's true. I shouldn't say what is I forgot? He had the 11 and a half cents, right? Yeah, we could hear what Gramps that's why I that's why I'm told he's under consideration for the tag. So let's move on Jeff so that we real quicker. There is one great thing about Dante Fowler. Okay, he was born on August 3rd. You obviously were born there. Your kids were born and that's right. So once I put that my Google Calendar, do you know who else was born on August 3rd know the great Tom Brady really? Wow, you know, I know I turned story dog at 43 and August. Well, yeah, it smells. Yeah. Yeah, we weren't born in the same year. You know what I like this useless trivia trivia. This is fantastic for useless. Trivia. Yeah. Let's go to the back area linebacker safety. You know, I think you know, you're not yeah and I got to add. On the corner to corner. Yeah, you know what? Let's actually go right to Corner because this is a question. We've been talking about we spent so much time on Byron Jones and one thing I think you mentioned in not only in the podcast but also on your radio interviews this week is that you know, when you talk about seems like the Redskins and the Raiders, I mean those are teams that are known for resetting the market with Reckless abandon. So what would happen if the equals didn't get Byron Jones did I go to Bradbury to they? All right, they're going to Competition. Yeah, we'll get the Bradbury and second and I'm gonna in my piece that they abused Thursday morning. I've got more on Bradbury. I've got more on Byron Jones. I got some great stuff. I talk to a coach at work with Bradbury over the years a personal guy with a Panthers just some great stuff guys who work with them. There's definitely a distinct difference in both players. There's no question. Look the the Raiders. I believe we're going to make a run it at Jones the Jets as Well Brad, and by the way, the Jets are going to be they're going to be spending money. They got a lot of like a lot of cash to spend a lot of cap to spend your dog. This based on multiple sources going to be a bit more aggressive than I expected. You know, Joe is not a big free agent guy because he is a big Ozzie Newsome guys. You did not build his team through the draft is mostly through. I mean mostly through the Trap not free agency, but I think he's going to spend a little bit more than I expected. Just checking in a you know with you know, A lot of people over the last couple weeks but will say look. I you just said and it's true you could want a couple guys, but if they go over your budget, then you're out. That's just the way it is. So I think you know, I got caught. I want to clear up one quote. I can't remember who made it and it's totally erroneous. I never said the Eagles are going to sign him. I said they wanted us on they want to sign him. Well, I guess I'm anybody who thinks that just because you said the Eagles want to say Myron Jones meets. It's happening. I get Google or to my name just to see where I'm being quoted. And make sure it all so I started doing this one bloggers would screw everything up because I want to know I want to make sure it's out there correctly. So one of them said I said Kaplan Eagles will sign Jose. I never said that no. Yeah. No, but we can't say that about anything. I mean that's how would I know? I don't know. I just know right right. I know teams are interested. I don't know and I strongly suspect because they're gonna be a lot of teams in it's going to be at least 17 million. I think my former team he made it ESPN Adam schefter. Somewhere. I sold Twitter that he was my bill on the fanatic 18 million. Okay. Well, look I learned my lesson with and I mentioned this on that show with the kid was on Cleveland, although these he's may not be the very much longer. What's a d-ends name? I got traded from the Giants. Oh Olivier Vernon. Yes. I had him pegged. I thought correctly and then what happened that 48 is 24 hours before the Trap that to French see two more teams. Man, and he got 17 million. So yeah, it could look teams want to get better. Byron Jones is the most versatility of any free agent. So there was a okay. Okay. Here's the next question will develop this more in our next show on Monday. What happens Jeff if they don't get this kid really do I feel like how he is going to make a trade? Oh, I feel like there is you know, he's done this before in the past whether it's getting like D'Amico Ryan's to shore up linebacker. Koror getting Ronald are be for example in training camp. I do think though this offseason they Adam we've talked about they have so many holes. They have only so much money and especially if they're going to pour 17 or 18 million to a corner. They're going to have to be creative and you just can't rely on draft picks. Certainly this team can't to just step in and be great right away how he's strength is finding that player that a team likes but is willing to part with who's not really young but Not really old either he's done it at linebacker. He's done of the corner. He's done it a d and he's traded for the guys there too. I do have a feeling that he's looking at a team that is willing to part with a mid-level type veteran player and we'll bring it in. I don't listen. This is just a Instinct a hunch and not reporting anything officially just based on how he's passed Tendencies and how many holes this team needs to fix. I feel like there might there there's somebody he's going to find a good partner to do. Um work with all right, so speaking of Trades and you're on the right track. So so I'm told by League source that they were heavily involved in a diary slate talks last October the trade deadline and one source thought that it was going to probably get done for second round of minimum a second round pick. I don't know if it was more the things I don't I don't know why they didn't get done. Hmm. I don't know if the Eagles were thought that they weren't going to make the playoffs and Lena. Why do it I've don't know. It's so long ago. I don't Remember, but I am told a hundred percent that it was going to be least a second-round pick. Hmm. Now let's fast forward to now. Well, he's on the front of you ever steal ten million. Is it base salary? There's no guarantees left Bob Quinn. The GM is on record saying everything is in play extending trading in playing on the funny or whatever. As I've said throughout if you trade diary sleigh, you're going to be worth football team. They're real bad of corner other than him adjusted Combs real good slack one if they don't have anyone left the playing the outside, right? And I said the other show the owner Martha Ford put it out there. They better be playing me Nick meaningful football and December hmm how you gonna do that without their size. So you're going to have to get something back. I mean, obviously they're gonna have to replace them the draft if they trade them out again. I'm not saying they're going to but we know this for a fact the Eagles really liked him last year. I don't know. It sure seemed to me my sense was talking to teens were talking the lines that they wanted too much. But how's the second round pick now if you wanted to and a for you're not doing it if you wanted it to in a 7 you might if you want to you know, if it was two and a good player you're not doing that so I get I don't know what it was. I just know that you guys like them. So maybe that's a scenario if they can't get Byron Jones and I need to find out where they are at on the kid the kid from Carolina Bradbury right now Bradbury and again, we're going to outline this in my notes, but he cannot play inside not all he's a tall Corner who's got to play in press the Eagles. Don't press very much. They play Man sides usually off. I'm told by Panthers. He was he played off coverage a lot. He's not as comfortable. He loves the use his length and his strength and physicality, right? So I don't know about this thing. Yeah, I'll give you a name and you tell me if you think that's how you're not bad, right? Because he's played three years in the league now and he has not yet been extended. Although he's just now eligible for it and I don't know how this team feels about him a Dory Jackson from the Titans. It's a good question like your first round pick. He's been okay struggled at times. He's played. All right or times. I mean, I just don't think he's been consistent enough. They need Byron Jones is Not an elite covered. Okay, very solid cover. Warner but incredible versatility really maybe the most versatile corn in the NFL right now, right James Bradbury's a terrific outside corner and Byron, you can line them up inside outside safety where everyone in line them up adore each acts as a former first-round pick in 17. It's just you Jeff you now that's just not consistent. If it don't forget Logan Ryan, is there slot Corner? He's up. He's a free agent. So they don't LaShawn Sims was his fourth quarter. He's up. I don't have anybody else. I just it's Malcolm Butler and that's it. So I told you. If the eat Smith is okay, but if the Eagles were to miss out on getting both Bradbury and Byron Jones and the Titans are ambivalent on Jackson. They don't think they're going to extend them. They want to wait another year to see if he can be more consistent and how he calls and offers a fifth through the condition of forth for next year or something like that. Maybe there's something there. Maybe I don't know. I don't know. You know, it's funny. Isn't it? True? We've heard nothing about Gary Slade all any teams about them. You know, they we know that he's available, right? That's a hundred percent true. Right but we haven't met look at maybe it gets done in it, you know, you never know that it could drop anytime but I didn't hear like Trey Turner's name who got traded with heck, you know, he got traded on Wednesday or they can't well not officially it can get done. They was being his name was being discussed. And I was like really that's a really good football player. So you just never know but arnaud I will develop more players for the Eagles by the way, Prince. Amukamara is out there promise of marriage is actually how you say he's 30 years old. That's not what they want. No, they want younger man. You don't learn faster. I think okay 29. Here's the thing about slay 29 this season 30 your 231 year through that's as lit. 29 really is as late as you want, right and even then you know, they really want to be young so it Trae Waynes. I've not heard any steam with the Eagles. He's good player though. It's just little bit inconsistent. Yeah. Well I have more for you, but that's kind of where we're at with the Irish. Like alright, you just hit the nail on the head. We will have more obviously when we get together do our next podcast that's going to do it for this one. I want to thank all of our friends 97:3 ESPN. Make sure you download their free mobile app and check out 97:3 PN.com also, you can find inside the birds there. We just had Andrew to check out who's been writing for inside the birds.com on 97:3 going through his first Eagles mock draft that he did for inside. The Birdseye combo was an awesome mock draft and Andrew really held us held himself. Well on in his interview with 97:3, so it was really fun to have him on want to thank our friends hundred Brody who helps produce this podcast. You can always check out his YouTube page Sports talk with Bros now hundreds of pig pig. Liars guy and he's got I mean, especially lately the way the Flyers are playing he's got some awesome YouTube videos showing his hype for the orange and black and we thank you are listen errs. They have been great to us. Please. Make sure you continue to check us out on YouTube continue to go to inside the birds.com become a subscriber. It's very easy Sinai ask questions through the ask ITB module that we put on the website. Please continue to read the stories from myself from Adam and rude to check. Oh and this thing is going to grow and We're all having fun with it. And we're glad that everybody is appreciating the ITB experience. All right, as always we thank you for flying with us inside the bird. We're all having fun with it. And we're glad that everybody is appreciating the ITB experience. All right, as always we thank you for flying with us inside the bird.