Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize. In advance for how much laughing we have re has just a great personality in an infectious laugh. So I'm really excited for you to meet my friend who I think has a very inspiring story without further Ado he or she is with me on exercise confidence. Next is confidence listeners. I am here with Bree Guillory. Yes Bree is awesome. We're super excited to have her in today Bruce got a background in Collegiate Athletics as well as Kinesiology also woman MasterChef on MasterChef. She got the jokes early in this episode. She's a Master Chef. So we're really excited to just dive in and understand how bring has created her confidence in her own life and kind of how that has just She admitted to a lot of the success that she has and a lot of the Pursuits that she's going after. Let's start with a very easy question. Tell me about yourself in 20 seconds or less go. I'm aspiring to be a occupational therapist. I am going to grad school in the fall for that kickboxing instructor Physical Therapy aide. I like to hike my spare time. I like to do spine races and and I really like giving back to the community and hopefully want to get into public health as well. That is a lot and I love that. It's a super diverse. It's just a lot going on in a good way. It's a lot of different stuff in school. It's physical fitness. It's community service. I love it. So first thing you mentioned is your degree. Yeah, and the fact that you are aspiring to be an occupational therapist. You correct me if I'm wrong applied to the top. School for this program. Yes, that's correct. Okay. Now were you confident when you did it or was it more like a shoot my shot kind of thing. It was just kind of like let me see. Let me see. Let me show you my shot. Like I was picking schools to apply to and I saw that Boston University's had it first like priority deadline coming up in like a week from when I was doing it and I was like write two essays are due love Allah. Let me try to get like that. Everything in like maybe like two days before the deadline and I was just kind of like, you know, see what happens. My eyes were really on on Boston because I feel like if I didn't get in my hopes would be really like shattered, you know. Hmm. Okay, so and then I got an interview and I remember I got my interview email all of that work and I looked at it and I was like, I was like what's wrong I was like nothing is wrong. I'm just as shocked right now. I gotta interview. Just from the interview was super excited. So went up there and you know, I've never been to like the tops a top school before anything like that. It's a public schools closed were great. I was a little bit, you know intimidated feel a little bit out of place, but I tried like my best in the interview. I said my little you know, thank you emails afterwards and everything. I was the first person there and interviews, but then it will start at 8:30 and I got there at 7:30. I was having them set up there. Like I was I'm interviewing they're like, oh you can just sit down and let me help you set up. Come on. Let's get these little booklets out showing that you're a team player. Good quality. Yeah. Well, I'm here. Let me ask you a couple questions about school. Okay, so obviously going into not only an interview for a top school, but also being the first person to interview in the entire process, right? How did you either like psych yourself up? Like, how did you get your confidence up? To really put your best self forward in that interview. Well, they had a group interview. So I mean it wasn't a group interviews, but they have like a whole bunch of candidates come in like so there had a morning session in the afternoon session and I was in the morning session. So there was probably a group of maybe like I want to say there's 50 people in the room. Okay that eventually lights are coming in and they had little presentations and then you had a card on like you'll get your name name tag and on their name tag is say what time your individual? Reviews were with like some professors and that might was actually the last one for the morning session now. Okay, so I didn't interview right away. I was able to get like a lot of information from Financial a presentations presentations about the school program, whatever else they had going on and then I went down there and I did my interview and honestly this school I was probably I feel like I did the worst during this interview. All my other school is really not interview for maybe like five other schools. But this one it was just like I was so nervous. It was wanting one. It was me against like no two other professors there and I just felt like they asked me some questions and I answered it and then they were still like looking at me and I was like, oh that was it. You know that straight to the point. I just didn't feel right leaving right away. So I stayed for that afternoon session to okay double research. Yeah double research. So I'll watch some of the presentations again. I want to you know, they had like a little student panel and now I went to that too and then actually some students like talk to me and I was able to Auction them off to the side about the program exchange some phone numbers and they had a diversity group there. Okay, and I think they're trying to do a little recruiting and I don't know to the school itself is not super super diverse okay or anything. So that was somewhat of a concern of mine, but the product the field itself is not super diverse either so interesting, so that's something that I think we're trying to work on. I mean as you like move up, In certain careers, you'll see like a drop-off of sparse like diversity sometimes because people from certain backgrounds not able to afford, you know certain levels of education. So that's just something we got to work on in general in all aspects of like different careers. Do you think the lack of diversity has to do with any sort of lack of confidence to pursue that field based on maybe somebody's ethnicity or socioeconomic? And yeah, it could definitely do be with confidence because you know something else out of your comfort zone is not something that you're used to and I know from like just speaking from me. The fear of failure is just so real mmm, and it's just like you could work so hard and really try hard to like game, you know, your goal or whatever and if you don't hit it, it's just hurts that much more because you don't really have as much of like fall back on. All right, I got that completely. Lee it's it's scary no and it applies to anything out of your comfort zone. Yeah. Well work what have you so what made you want to be an OT where did that come from? Because it's not kind of like one of those careers you yeah, probably people really know about it. Okay. So for people who may not know what OT is it's a form of therapy. So you're you're helping people get back to you daily. Living activities so you can think of anything that goes through a wide scope can be anything like on someone had a stroke and you're helping them be more independent, you know, so maybe they lost function on one side of their body child with a diagnosis of autism being able to be independent and not depend on you know, someone else to help them with daily living activities and these activities they can be like, you know, using the restroom brushing your teeth stuff like that, but can also be activities that he really enjoyed. A to do like for you right be right me basketball like it's just a wide scope. That could be otice could be everywhere. That's awesome. Yeah, that's cool. So for basketball like you just mentioned that's what your athletic background is based in correct? Yeah. Tell me a little bit about how basketball was really like instrumental in your life. Oh man basketball is my first love. Mmm. I've been playing for so long and I started off like, you know an elementary school. I was one of those only girls playing with the with the guys right they'll definitely a tom girl for sure tongue boy tongue boy tongue girl, whatever. I called myself a tomboy growing up all the time boy girl boy girl. I really enjoyed playing with you know, I'd lunch and recess and stuff like that and then, you know my dad notice I really liked it and we watched as the Lakers out the time and I was always watching the Lakers rest in peace Kobe my favorite player. Sure always will be and then I just started doing the like the why people from like would probably know like the wood and then I started doing in my travel ball teams and stuff like that and it just kept getting you know more and more of an investment and it's something I really enjoyed and I was good at it and I got you know a little too cocky at times but I got got humbled and you know hard work, you know, when's any and so would you say that you were just kind of a natural at Bass? Ketball and it allowed you to be confident in the game. Oh, yeah, definitely on first started off. It was something that came really easy to me. And then it was something that I had that athleticism right and the speed and certain things. But at a certain point when you get to a certain level you need to have that fundamentals or else you can't you know, really compete. So it was just like I was super confident for so long and then maybe like high school levels just kind of Like our girl like you're not the only one out there like right they can jump to they can run fast too. Now. You got to have something else up your sleeve so it Took a little bit to realize that and make some changes so I could you know, get out there and compete. What do you say having that my reality check and in terms of how confident you are in your skill was something that pushed you to want to work harder and do better. Oh, yeah, there's always a point where you could either choose to work harder or you can choose to give up and I didn't want to give up is something that I really enjoyed and wanted to do in the Long Haul so That's when I was like, you know, what just gotta you know, put it in else knows also very fortunate that my parents were able to like help me with certain like coaches. Like I had a shooting coach and I want to like do a lot of training sessions. So it's very fortunate to have that for me and you played in college at a university like competitive NCAA. Yes. How did that happen for you? But you recruited did you walk on the team? And what was that experience like In terms of navigating this bigger Arena literally, so that's a really good question. I was recruited originally to play at another school that Concordia University in Portland and I signed on to that school. They're D2, but they were NAIA at the time but one of the reasons for recruiting means because they were moving in to NCAA division 2, which is a little bit more competitive than NAIA. I didn't really like the school per se but I like That I was getting School paid for and I know that it's always great to feel like, you know, you're wanted or needed at it on a team and then the coach ended up leaving that school and I was given the option to either stay going to that school with this, you know same offer that I had or to, you know, get out of the contract and look somewhere else. I took that opportunity to get out of that contract and look somewhere else which is a huge like, you know, kind of Of leap of faith like okay like let's see. What happened. Yeah. I were you nervous when you decided to get out of it or did you feel pretty self-assured in the decision you had made for yourself. I was that was definitely nervous, but I was also very relieved because I kept thinking about like, I'm not going to be happy there like I am sad feeling like, you know, I'm not going to be happy there and so my parents are kind of like, well what school do you feel like you would be able to be at and be happy without playing basketball and it Only going to be a CAL States because that's what we can afford and then I was like, you know Cal State East Bay looks really cool. Like I want to get away from home a little bit and and what I was like, you know, like why don't you try to reach out to the coach and see what happens? I'll write them. I don't have anything to lose. So I sent her a game save and email and she said why don't you come out and practice do a little tryout so I flew out there and did a tryout and she's like, you know, we actually have them. You know, what? More spot on the team or there's another girl there to is the think yes. She got on the team as well. So she was like, we have two spots you guys can both, you know walk on and then I was super happy about that. I just felt connected to that school right away. I was walking around campus and I was like, I could see myself here actually my first year there and then she said actually found some money that we can give you a little bit a little bit of a a little bit of help. Oh, that's nice. I was like, this is a blessing right here is all meant to be. Do you have an easy transition? Is another high school and the college playing for East Bay. Was it kind of that? Same base? No, not right. Look, let's dive into that. Ya know the think those Hard Times really? Yeah knows really. It was really tough. My first two two years were really really tough at East Bay first year. I redshirted coach basically tell me like, you know, you walked on you can use the scooter red shirt and to improve the next year. We'll see what happens, you know, so for people that maybe don't understand or don't know what does I mean if you red shirt red shirt means, you know, you so part of the team so practice you just don't travel with the team and you don't play games you have four years of Eligibility, which is four years that you can play that rest are yours basically like maybe like buffer year so that deer doesn't count and so my clock basically started the next year. Okay, so I could be in school for five years and still be playing basketball because of my rest Year, so the next year I was a redshirt freshman. Okay, so that's how it works. So first year was just a red shirt and you know, just trying to get used to playing at a college level, you know more demands as far as practicing and then getting stronger. My second year was actually my toughest my red shirt freshman year because that was the year that could play but I did not really play because I remember this part that was really tough for me to wrap my head around was. In the beginning of my song. It's got a car to think about like how much I went through like, oh no, no. No, it's but it's like get to reflect on it too. Yeah beginning of the year coaches just like we're only traveling 12 people this year like me and a group of life. No, four other people were basically battling off for a spot to be on the Trap. Mmm. Right now then I was working so hard like working really hard and a lot of my teammates would like free like you're definitely in that spot. Like you're you're working hard. You're you just obviously that you know, you put in work this summer and spring I just had that feeling like, you know, I'm going to be on the you know, and every traveling and that hard work is going to pay off eventually. Yeah, and then the day comes and it basically if you open your locker and you have the traveling bag in your locker, then you're on the team, right? I'll travel to see so my locker the traveling bags in there. I'm super hyped. Yeah, so like, you know, encouraging me and everything and you know practice goes well and then after practice she tells me and two of the other players to hang back. And I was like what's going on here? So she tells us how you back and she's like, yeah sober you're not traveling what and then I was like well like the bag was in here there and they're like, oh the laundry like meeting lady made a mistake like it shouldn't have been in there and then she's like, I don't know why you like you think you're like like so good. You have a lot of things you need to work ourselves. Yeah likes that's like a really rough way to put it. Yeah, it's live so good. All right. Never act like that and maybe like when I was way younger before you even met me, but I've been humbled and now I was just working hard and just getting excited excited off of like, you know, seeing some results. It was tough and it was just us three that would never travel never go to like it. They went to SoCal whenever net and weren't there. Hmm. So it was just stuff and you know is like I was doing my register your all over again, right? So this kind of like a waste of the year I guess but I'll try not to think about it like that because I've been got a lot stronger from it. Yeah, I don't know. I also feel like it was such a race thing because it's like, you know, three black girls. There's one black girl that she did play but she would have their coach would have been really like and that's interesting because isn't the East Bay Area. Um, yeah predominantly Caucasian or isn't it? It's like it's really diverse. Yeah. It's got a good mix, right? Yes, really diverse, but because like most of California is but obviously there are pockets of stairs. Girl groups that are in different places, but yeah, I don't know. I don't want to say both things but it was just like interesting to me that that was it was like that but And the strength you must have gotten out of that. I'm sure was not easily gained. Oh, no, it was like I try so hard not to cry in front of her, right but I feel like she doesn't walk away until like, you know, like she gets that kind of reaction boo. So that's yeah, that's uncomfortable. Yeah at any point during that time when you were then again told you have a whole nother Redshirt year. Did you ever want to quit Of course like I thought about it, but that was like only when it was like I was in like a really like dark like kind of like more of a dark place and I was just like the why like, why would I can't quit like, what would I gain from quitting and I just feel like I would be even more upset if I quit because I like being part of the team. I likes, you know, I like my teammates and my enjoyed working out. So I was like, you know, maybe I'll just do it for the workout like for an exercise. Sighs also got first pick for housing and for classes. So I hope to do some benefits some very experienced. Yeah. I feel like it's not common that you'll hear somebody say what good is it for me to give up? Like what am I even going to get out of that? Yeah, especially just in a instant gratification society that we live in kind of if something doesn't happen right away or in the timeline that people want it to it tends to be easy to throw the talent being in the society and And kind of seeing that mentality that plays out were I feel like giving up is not only more prevalent, but it's almost accepted. Yeah, how were you able to kind of cultivate that mentality where you were like just as bad as it is for me to kind of deal with some injustices on this team is just as bad for me to give up like how were able to kind of create that mindset for yourself. Honestly. I just kind of just weighed the pros and cons and I talked to my parents a lot about It like they're my support system and they're like, you know, what if you want to quit like I totally understand but and then whenever I really thought about it more to something inside me was like no like don't do that. Like see what happens. I keep you know, keep trying. I'm over. My dad actually got me a book about this player that went to Sonoma State and basically the same thing happened to him first year red shirt second year. He wasn't registered anymore, but he still wasn't playing or traveling. And then suddenly something clicked like the other years and he became like, you know starter and just really contributed to his team. You know, that was something that I was like, you know, I want that for myself and if I keep bringing this negative energy to practice she wins. Whoo. Yeah, she wins like my coach wins and I don't want her to win. So I mean it wasn't like me against her. It was just more of like I guess it was kind of pride. Thing to and is something that basketball something I committed like most of my life to and to see it in like that would be Injustice to young free. Yeah. Yeah. I love that and talking about support systems. Like how important do you think having a good support system is to feeling confident in the decisions that you make or just feeling self-confident in general. Oh my gosh, this is huge. It's you. Huge because literally every little insecurity I had any thought I had about it. I can just I feel very comfortable to tell my parents about it or even some of my other teammates that other two teammates that were also, you know, not not playing not traveling talk to them about it too and not having that. I don't know where I would have been aware. I would have ended up doing or anything and you know, I needed that because Being it all crazy with them like crying or getting those feelings out. I was able to go into practice like level-headed and stuff and if I didn't have that who knows like how I would have been in practice or how things could have impacted how I performed in school and everything, right? So and as far as like reaching out to those people in your support system, whether it was your teammates who were alongside you or your parents who were a little further away from you. Was it easy for you to reach out? Yeah. For me, I can't keep things like inside. Okay, I really can't I know if I do I just go to like a dark place and I didn't want to get myself there right corner. And you know, whenever I was upset like nah, my parents probably the first people like I know I called and then nurse other, you know, some of my other teammates were really were there for me too because I saw that the bag was in the locker. Yeah, and then they're like, you know, that's you know, some of them are like that's messed up. Up and is and there is yeah and then they were there for me. So I really have them to think and my parents to thank for that to give me like, you know, the mental, you know, all good. Yeah help keep you yeah, clear eyes and level-headed. Yeah when you were shooting earlier about how even if you weren't going to get to play you would still stay on the team because you know, you can have that friendships that camaraderie and also the fitness Hold it right. Do you think physical fitness is something that has been a constant in your life that has a lot of you to feel grounded in like yourself in any way? Oh, yeah. Definitely. I've been working out for forever. I mean whether it's consciously or like I'm unconsciously known as running around as a little kid or playing organized sports or something like that s just how I like You know, whatever your workout you get those endorphins. I just feel like it's a part of like who I am and when I don't work out like say a week went by get like really sad, so it's just like who I am like, you know people sing or people play the piano or whatever and exercised its kind of just like my Niche this my thing, you know, whatever their it's like hiking or boxing basketball riding my bike what Ever we're just like to be have that challenge and you are a trainer as an instructor. Yeah instructor. Yeah. Yes your instructor at a kick boxing facility. Correct? Yes. Yeah. So, how did you did you always like want to be some sort of fitness instructor or did that kind of fall into your lap? I don't know. I wasn't it wasn't something. I always thought about I dunno I started to notice like some of my friends would ask me about different workouts and stuff that I would post. And I was like, you know, let me try to pop them out. Like I'll like clothes like come to the gym with me or whatever and also having the kinesiology degree. I knew like how to do the exercises correctly and it was like it came easily for me to do that as like, you know, what like maybe I could be an instructor or something like it's not really a work to me. You know, it's fun. It's enjoyable. It's all the kickboxing add go. You know, I'm a little Indie apply for it. It says didn't need any previous. Experience kickboxing that they will train you and I train for like three months with them and then I became an instructor but the funny thing about that was I'm a little bit more of like an introvert and they always kept saying like I really like you need to figure out what you're into when it comes to constructing because you're you know, very soft-spoken be a little shy and we need you to be more like hey everybody, you know, how's it going motivating like high-energy? I bet you speak they were I'm really worried. They were really worried and I was like, you know, I'll be able to turn it on but I said I was like, oh my God, like I'm like at the same time. You're like, yeah, I did drama class on time, maybe like acting I don't know but for my first class my first like good like month or two of teaching I would go to the Bathroom before the class I would mess up prep top. Yeah, I would do weird faces just make yourself laugh. And I only like the warrior pose. Yes. I was like girl, come on sis. And I told my one of my co-workers she could tell you this too that I always play like the same song right before I taught. What is it? Give me hyped up - for what - for what? Yeah Dre that one in feeling something only. No, gummy my feelings. Yeah. Yeah, there's like a dance to it to get noticed that actually a few people have that I've interviewed haven't talked about looking yourself in a mirror. Yeah, and kind of either positive affirmations making yourself. Laughs yeah comes up. You got this. Yeah, everything we all do so. I would take note listeners. This is powerful and I think it does really help you out of your show. Forget. He's shell helps you kind of like be the captain of your own ship. Yeah, of course and now I don't have to do all this stuff and it comes easy but my boss is actually like pretty like you probably have been the person that it's involved the most out of like all of the like other employees that we have here because you were so much like in that she'll like and now you've reached so many people And you're you know, super confident in your you know, you're loud you're extrovert you go up to like, you know, I try to go to every member and ask them how they're doing try not to have favorites but you know, sometimes have favorites some people bring bow before us some people don't note to self if you were one of Breeze clients bring her Bobo. Yeah. It'll be her favorite you get less burpees more more more. Yes, so do you think that this new confidence in your job has trickled over in any way to your personal life? Yeah, I definitely would say I'm more of like a kind of like socially awkward parts of it. Sometimes nice to meet you. Nice to meet you Amanda awkward. I don't know what to say after hi. That's exactly how she introduces herself. By the way. That's the way you should tell them. I mean, I will tell him about how I thought you were so I will give you listeners a fun quick story with a little back story about Bree and I so we're never in the same anatomy class at Cal State. Eight Long Beach and we happen to be in the exact same section for lab as well. I had seen her in lecture, which is a big Hall like hundreds of people and she was wearing I will never forget her hair was up. She was wearing a like pink sweatshirt. It was it was just like bright and she was right in the front and she had the most sour look on her face. She looked like don't sit on me. Don't talk to me. Don't come near me so much. She's scary. So Flash Forward to lab like a couple days later and I walk into my lab section and I see that same face from row and then I do not want to see butter like she seems mean and scary like she's gonna like if I ask a question she gave you that side. I like you know me baby like you don't know that you don't know and so I was like, nope. Nope. So then one day every lab we would get randomly assigned partner. It would be like a one two, three, four, five six, seven eight. One, two, three, four, five six, seven eight. Go pair up with your number. And every time I will pray to God, please don't hear me and on this particular lab. I did not have a very good idea of ever. We're doing I was pretty pretty like so I'm like not only do I feel lost in this lab today, but she's gonna think I'm an idiot and I'm gonna get that face. Oh goodness, but by the end of lap, I think we were like best friends already. We started making dumb jokes. Like we were like making fun of the little like models we had to work on and long story short. She's very nice. Yeah, and I'm very grateful for friends. They got surgery. I love having her in my life, but I was intimidated for You're and I had to exercise confidence in order to feel comfortable. And then and yeah, and she's a great friend and she helped me pass that class and do really good. Yeah, very grateful for me don't judge a book by it's cover, but Moe don't judge a book by it's cover. I will say that I will say that it maybe somebody's catching your attention for a reason. Yeah. Don't let that don't let it pass because I think for sure God was like you two are both weird and you will make Great friends, there were like hang out all the time after doves to after that. Yeah lunch. She would make me hike around campus and get my workout in C. So it was good stuff. It is good stuff. She's obviously a big proponent of Fitness in any way she can but in between classes I'm watching her but didn't you say that you started walking around to get a better feel for the campus? Yeah, it know where I didn't know where it was. Yeah, and then Like when I got there every time I was like, where's this? Where's that and I mean hearing people like where is this? Where is that? I was like, all right. Someone asked me. I want to be able to like yeah, it's over there by the corner with her but I building be able to be confident enhancer. Yeah, that's why I walked around and see even that for me when I started college, uh-huh. Uh-huh. I would like go from point A to point B and like find my spot to kind of just stay right flooring. Yeah, and I think it takes a lot of confidence to just even go out and do something. Simple like that, like take a walk around a brand new place right and did be okay with maybe looking like a fool if you're really looking lost or having to ask somebody like I'm trying to find this. Yeah, I like can you help me? Like, I just want to get to know the campus better. Exactly. I think I didn't even think about it like that. I was just like let me just walk around at all. I'm just sitting here. So I'm at a loss. And that's the other side note. Our lecture hall was up a hill. Yeah, so walking around campus together was fine. It was just when we would finally have to get to lecture we have to hike like, uh, yeah. Well, you take the stairs this time we gonna take that long to wrap. Yeah, Brie obviously loves hiking as she mentioned really loves Hills because not only does she love hiking but she's done but quite a few Spartans. Yeah, you just finished. On last week again, right? What number is this? 4 U total nine nine Spartans? Oh my gosh. Okay. So for people that don't know what all is Spartan entails give us a quick and dirty. Alright Spartan races are obstacle courses. They have different things that will challenge you along the way they have three different types of races a Sprint which is a 5K a super which is a 10K and the Beast which is a half marathon. If you do all those races in one year you get a trifecta to those Each one year you get a big-ass metal. This is so that's why did to last year and I'm definitely doing one this year before I go to grad school. That's fine. What did you learn about yourself by doing Spartans? Because I know when I did mine I learned a lot about myself. Oh my goodness gracious. I think I just I learned that I'm I think I'm stronger than I thought I was I guess but in Big Bear You've Done big bear, too. Yes, which is the literally one of the hardest venues in the world. Today's Barnes we both did Big Bear before they shortened the courses to be it's a sink like to be succinct with the different types of running things that they do. You have Kate and Cameron van like we both did Big Bear at like 14 16 mile, but also adding in like how draining the obstacles are because it's not just a straight run and it's not just running uphill like you're running a pill and you're jumping over like seven nine feet walls. Yeah, and you're doing Monkey. G bars, you're carrying ice buckets. You having sandbags you like hoisting your voice in things. You're going up backwards up something kind of under Barbed Wire. Yeah involves a lot and you learn a lot about yourself through it. And remember I was getting my head around my like six and seven years and they are the elevation and it's just like okay sis in my head. I was like, okay sis. You know what we gonna do here. We just go pass out or You know, we're going to call a minute. You know, what are you gonna do and I was like, you know what, you know, sometimes anything about certain things like when you say and you're like, I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick like you go. Stay sick. If you don't keep thinking about us, right? I'm not liking it. I'm not I'm not. Wow. Look at that view. So I was like, I just kept walking. Wow. I just kept walking you like mind over matter. I don't know about it. I was like, I'm not going to pass out right now. I'm not now I'm finishing this course. That's great. Yeah. I'm not pass out right now. And I just kept walking and eventually have to like my late it went away applying that to life. Yeah, have you seen any ways that you've been able to do that like persevere through something with her before or after the races that you've done? Yeah, like if I'll go back to basketball in college after having you know that tough time and I feel like I was going to quit all this talk about the specific incidents when I knew like something in my mind. I was like, I'm quitting right now including this very second. It was during one of our workouts. My my one of my closer friends and my roommate we were going through a things experience. She quit two days prior. Mmm, and I really felt like I was on my own and I felt like, you know, the coaches were trying to get me to quit. Mmm and we had something called like a burpee some mile or something like that and there's coasters is on my head and like we had to count like something we were doing and I was I don't know like I think I got around this. just like you weren't counting you lied do extra day so that and then there are something else and then you're like, you know, you're going to do this amount of burpees if you don't do it in until Oh reach this time then, you know you're going to have to do this whole workout that we just did all over again, which was like Hill Sprints. Oh my God, and we're like dead-ass tired and I was just like trying to finish those burpees in the time and I'm telling you I started like bawling-crying lousy whenever because I was like, I want to quit I cannot breathe. I'm tired. Like do you guys uh, yeah. Yeah. It was like I was like, I cannot do this I was thinking about oh man, we have to do those Hills again like and I just wouldn't really hard and Work out and I was really about to like I was like this is it from done and then like one of my other teammates just started like encouraging me and she's like you got like you're almost there. You're almost there. Yeah, you know in the coach was supposed to not encourage me and then I just barely made it and I was like, okay, you won't make it another day. Mmm, you're going to make it another day and it's coach another bleeding. Wow, and I think it's so special to have those moments where not only is it you pushing yourself, but when you feel like you can't anymore and have someone there to pick you up. Like you said your team. It was like you got this like you're going to do it. Hmm. Yeah that I really needed that and her she really came in through for me. I'll give a little shout out Morgan team a Morgan and then yeah, she know she came through for me plenty of time to actually yeah, and then Arc that coaching of leaving and you know, She's cool or whatever, but I was really thankful for her like me know too. I know it might not have had like the best experiences together, but I want to take that experience, you know grateful for it because I'm stronger now. I meant it may not have been like super positive. But you can either look at a glass half empty or half full and from that experience new coach comes in automatically try to make you know a connection with the coach like hey, you know Try to establish communication off the bat and try to just you know work hard is as I can it was like having a clean slate this coach, you know, really believed in me the coach coming in and I was able to play a lot more and contribute to the team contribute to our Championship wins. Yeah, and it just like all came full circle and I was just super grateful that that's you know stuck with it all. If somebody listening right now, it's kind of going through a similar situation. Maybe not exactly like a coach situation but they just feel like life's been given it to him. Where are they kind of feel like they're back is just against the wall. Yeah, maybe they feel like they don't have somebody that can pick them up. Hmm. What's something they can do? Yeah. What is something that you think they can do? Another thing that I did I almost works for everyone is that I wrote like you I would write in a journal whenever things bother me. I'll kind of just put it all on you know on paper. and just having it there and if you either burn it or do whatever you can to keep it but that helps to and you have to find you know joy and other things like like sometimes you know hanging out with friends or you know maybe doing a different kind of workout or something the things that you do enjoy try to really cherish those moments and you know what I tell you our kickboxers whenever the like we're going like through burpees or one else I'm like go to your happy place right now you're not even doing burpees are not even doing this like you're at Disneyland you're you're you're with your family and you're on the top of a roller coaster right now and you know all of them start smiling now as I look you forgot about it for a second I forgot about it and you forgot about the pain you forgot about the discomfort and I was like think about you know what's going to come in the long run those results there's a light at the end of the tunnel you going through the hard part right now but I promise you It's going to get better is going to be better. Like if you're really at this low point it can't get lower than this. It really can and it's going to be better. Like just keep your head up try to keep yourself involved in other things like whether it be like safe going through like depression or something like that. I would highly recommend like getting yourself, you know help, you know talking to somebody but also to like get involved in something that makes you think outside of yourself outside of your own. Issues, whether community service or giving back to communities some way because once you start doing stuff like that, you're like my problems aren't as big as you know X Y Z's problems. I can help them with this. I can have them adapt like you feel like you though. You have more worth. Yeah, and I think finding that salt forth in something that is bigger than yourself. So yeah service. I think it also helps with your self-confidence. Oh, yeah, definitely definitely wouldn't be able to just know that you can help somebody and and they're Like look at you, like thank you. Like thank you so much. You're like, wow. I really impacted. Somebody else's life and maybe someone else could have done this. But the fact that I was here and able to help them like that's a huge confidence boost and it wants you to get back, you know back in and doing that more and then not only does it help you but it helped somebody else if free was to do an honest like selfish, that's because I think it's good for all of us here that with ourselves and where would you say like you're at in your own life? Confidence during right now good question. I'm pretty confident with like school. You know, I got into Boston University and I'll be attending there. And if also just trying to get ready for that and I'm going to you know pay for your help pay for it too. I'll say pretty confident. I have another race must in three weeks, but I'll seem pretty confident right now. If you know there are times where you struggle, you know, everyone goes through certain struggles, but you really have to like key into like what makes you happy and you have to do those things like for me I take myself on dates. I really do even though I'm dating someone right now. So take myself on a day and a half. I gotta go off man. Yeah so long walks on. You shall do that by myself, you know, if you can't love yourself if you can't, you know, can't nobody else really so yes, that's so true. It's really true. And I think I've touched on it before especially recently with the whole like Valentine's Day just passing and people get really like down about that the middle like what their status is or what have you but I've been doing this thing that put on their Instagram and I think you saw it. It's a y'all look at yourself and think of all the things that you don't like and you have to like literally Tell yourself you like them because you can't love yourself until you like yourself and you can have confidence in yourself until you love yourself exactly exactly how to run long time struggle with I'm super awkward and I having xiety like oh I like those things about myself. So I was kind of like, you know, There was a struggle there was internal struggle. There's like okay accepts like you know, except yes. I am awkward. Yes, I am designing but it doesn't control who I am. You know what I noticed less awkward less anxious. Look at that beautiful beautiful, beautiful. No, and it's just it's all true. And I think you've given a lot of great examples today of like real world scenarios that can be applied to the internal struggle that you just talked about. There are times when you're going to feel like I just want to quit now have the grit gotta have that grit, you know, don't quit have great. Yeah. I'm awkward. No, no. No, we're just weird. Yeah, so just find people that are weird. You and be friends with them. Yeah it all up your confidence. Yeah, you're not everybody's cup of tea and that's okay as long as your own cup of tea. I gotta like yourself. Yeah, I will say this, like don't try to compare yourself to other people do not yeah. So at the end of the day, it's if you have to compare yourself someone compare yourself to you like yourself like, you know, it's like you versus you at the end of the day you want to be a better version of yourself the next time the sun comes around. Basically. I'm trying to like say, you know a new day. yeah give me some credit for how far you've come yeah give yourself credit then for sure there's always a lot of growth there that I think we forget to look at hmm so we're going to start wrapping up here Bri I guess the last thing I would say is if you could give our listeners one tip to help them exercise confidence daily what would it be first thing you do when you wake up being thankful for another day you know it's always a blessing to have like you know another day and just it's myself in a mirror when you know you brushing your teeth without that like hey hey girl or hey boy like I'm about to have a great day today yes and then whenever something comes across that bothers you or anything you know try to take a couple deep breaths breaths and like one is this worth my time to even be upset about and so like how do I handle this so that you know whether you have to break it up into little Parts if it's overwhelming or whatever you have to do is just so that you can continue to live your life, you know with confidence and know that you know, you're doing the best you can in whatever situation that you are and try not to beat yourself up because we can be our own worst critic sometimes but you have to give yourself like you're saying give yourself credit and just try to be you know positive which is easier said than done but it could just having those positive affirmations from the beginning of the morning can really set you up for the rest of the day just I'm like positive and you know opening the door for somebody else or doing stuff like that. Like it just spends espresso loves frozen well for a while and so yeah, it's good stuff. Right Aubry. Thank you so much for being with us today. Thank you very much. I really appreciate it. And there's your awkward but, you know catch me on the next Harry Potter movie apart. If nothing else today. I just hope that the listeners have learned that bu because the people that are meant to be in your life will love you and embrace you and accept you once you love Embrace and accept yourself yes and Edith and that's what it's all about that's how we exercise confidence what are ya alright listeners there you have it my episode with Bree Guillory as I warned you in the beginning there was a lot of laughter but this woman is seriously amazing inspiring and so encouraging to me they say laughter laughter is the best medicine and I truly believe it this woman has been so healing for my soul in the friendship that she has brought into my life and how she is truly inspired me to live out this motto of being able to exercise confidence if you have any questions or if you want to get in contact with free her socials are in the description now for next week I hope you tune into exercise confidence I'm telling you as these new episodes are coming up we have so many diverse people with different backgrounds Different stories that I know you will connect with each little nugget of wisdom that they give on how you can exercise confidence. So signing off for now, I am J on a sorry and I truly hope that you find a way to exercise confidence everyday.