What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being said we kind of want to go over some general housecleaning rules and just kind of let everybody know that we do plan to seek out some some bigwigs and a lot of well-known names in the hunting industry and stuff like that. They're joining us on the podcast but a lot of the times it's going to be just Us a group of buddies and talking about basically funny hunting stories and just different stuff to kind of bring entertainment to you guys audience and while doing that we do want to bring some tips and strategies that have helped us out in past hunts and help create success. That's the main goal. We want to provide you guys with the laugh along with some helpful stuff to take with you into the The woods this first episode we did want to kind of get into a hunt that Colin had this past November where he found a bit of luck and success Colin. Yeah. We just there's the biggest buck that I've killed yet. It's not not a monster by any means but the biggest one that I've killed it. Was it a nine-point ER? Yeah. It was a nine and um, we just it was a good dear. It was a really good. The area it has been hard to pass. Anybody would have had a tough time passing this dear up specially where we live which is in Georgia, right public or private. It's a it was a solid dear. It was a new property as well that we hadn't done that. I haven't hunted ever before got it kind of late. So we didn't really know what to expect but didn't have a whole lot of time to prepare the property other than just do your basic stuff like, you know throw out corn and run your campaign. Cameras and stuff like that, but he had a bit of trouble finding anything on the camera worth hunting. Yeah. I mean, we as soon as we as soon as I got over there, it was really almost the beginning of bow season when I when I got permission on this property and it was 70 acres and I went in and didn't hunted it first obviously and went in just tried to you know, find out what was their Ransom cameras and did not get a single shooter Buck on camera and was Kind of kind of you know deterred from from Huntington, but I knew that by looking and we sat down and looked at the satellite view and we knew that two big sections of woods was on both sides of the 70 acres and the 70-acre split to neighborhoods. And that when The Rock came along that it was probably going to be a natural little travel Corridor for them to get the to both sides those Big Woods and just planned on waiting it and playing play the long game and wait until the rut and ended up having some success. Yeah, he he was kind of torn on on exactly when he wanted to go in and Hunt he didn't know whether or not to even hunt this property kind of how we how we do it. And a lot of people do it the same way. We we knocked doors. We look at land mounts and and the tax surveys everything like that. Of course now on access got the app, that'll that'll pull up you can pull it up and you can see exactly right away who owns that specific piece of Property that you're wanting to hunt so that kind of helps now. I don't think there's a phone number anything associated with it. So we kind of do it the old-fashioned way and we'll go and basically knock doors and both of our day jobs kind of help us will specially me help me out because I'm going to different houses every day so I can I can kind of gain permission a little bit easier going to you know, six seven different houses in a day. It's easier for me to gain permission to Bow hunt or stuff like that, but we love to knock doors and just ask permission to to set out trail cameras. And if they if they were all for the trail cameras and we'll just go right in and ask how you do, you know, do you mind if we if we bow hunt only on this property we won't bring a gun because a lot of times people are intimidated by you know, the deer rifles and stuff like that, but they're a little less intimidated by Bow, so that'd be another little help. Tip tip to throw you guys, you know, if you're if you're planning on asking permission on different people's properties and stuff. You might just want to stick the bow hunting or you're even crossbow hunting. I mean a lot of first yeah, at least at first until they get used to you. But with that being said, didn't you couldn't you only bow hunt over there at first it was only it was only bow hunting and or at least that's all I ask for mission for where was just go hunting. And I ended up having an encounter with not this Buck. But another one that was probably about 25 yards from me, but he was in this really thick brush Broward up and I did not want to fling it are in there and risk a bad shot at Hitting off of a little Branch or anything like called me. I remember you called me that night and he was he was all worked up. He couldn't he couldn't have decided then and there if it was a shooter. Wasn't a shooter he couldn't he couldn't fully make out the deer now looking back. Do you think it was probably the same dear you think it was a different dear? I don't know. I mean, it could have a very well could have been the same year that I shot. But how long before you shot that deer was that that happened like it was it was four days before? Okay, so it could have been the same dear this whole thing took place in early November. I mean Colin ship. What was the day you shot? It was November 6 when I finally shot in November. Six, everything's getting going especially here in Georgia November 6. They're trying to breed for sure. It could have been same deer could have been a different deer will never know. That's just sorry about that guys. That's the truck there turn it on. But anyways, yeah, we own he was what happened with this encounter was he was like I said, it was all brushed up. He was he was 25 yards from me when I arranged found him, but he was it was the thickest stuff and of course, but the we're out where I set up at I went and climbed the tree at and there was one spot that I did not want to do to come out at just just based on what was around me and sure enough that's exactly where he came through. And I don't I don't he may have been bedded right there next to me. I don't think he was because I heard him coming from a good ways away, but he came a doe came flat out from where he came and then he just stopped and he would not budge. He would not come out of that Thicket. He knew he was safe in the thicket. I'm guessing you probably smelled me. I don't really know but he was not having it. I grunted at him when he started to walk away and he turned and then I did a little bit of a snort wheeze and every hair on his back stood up and he came they act like he was gonna come straight for me beelined it straight back the way he came and then just stop right before he broke out of that ticket. So, I mean it was a it was a frustrating sit, but just because I was really really looking to get that buck. But like I said it very well could have been the one they end up shooting he was and he didn't have didn't have a whole lot of lot of pics of big deer now on the other hand. I did I didn't even take a deer this year. I took it though. That was it. But I didn't shoot a big deer at all. This year. Not a buck. I just I shot one day. I was I was super super crazy over this one dear that I've looking back. I think I over-pressured him. It was a tight area that I had permission to hunt from a buddy his parents. Let me let me hunt a specific piece of property that was inside City Limits and lo and behold there was an absolute. Stud of a deer in there. I mean he was every bit of a hundred forty inch deer and you don't see a lot of those and and Georgia and if you do they don't usually make it to too long or you don't see him and daylight a whole lot. But he he ended up figuring me out for sure. I'm positive of it. I think I've weighed way over-pressured and skidding trail cam pics of them every day. But Colin kind of had the complete opposite of of my Situation I was I was having this deer at a corn power religiously each and every night. And then of course as soon as October rolls around he's out of there and you know, I think I got one. I think it was like October 1st was like one of the last regular pictures. I was getting of this deer where he was when I say regular he was coming in there every night right after daylight. Right or right after a few daylight pictures of him. Yeah. We had a good bit. Especially in August of daylight pictures of them had him seventh shedding his velvet really cool picture of him shutting this velvet, but he did not want to show himself in October whatsoever. I don't know if he saw me go to the camera one day or you know, maybe he just got out of there and was running in a different area completely, you know, I'll never know but he I definitely don't think he was Will this past year because I think we would have seen it in Geo n or something. He was a stud. He was a recognizable dear to I mean, we we named him. Mr. Krabs because he literally had to to crab claws on each side of him and he was he would have it would have been an awesome deer for sure. But on the other hand Colin didn't have a whole lot of pictures of bucks to go after over there, but the property you just know by looking at this property that he had that it was going to be it was going to be good. We if you gave it time and gave it, you know, the distance that needed and not a lot of pressure in there. So on so forth, you know, eventually something good was going you know shaking there. So, I mean it was the way the property was set up. It was probably probably 25 to 30 Acres wide and almost formed a complete rectangle looking at it like from a satellite overhead view and it just stretched all the way back connected to another gigantic piece of Timber. And I just we this year we've really focused on trying not to change in changing our mindset from like I guess you could say the old mindset of what you get passed down to sit in the same stand and just get out there whenever you can and I was really diving into a lot of research and stuff like that of what I needed to do and we had we had a lot of bucks. Not a lot of bucks. We had some other Shooters at different places that we are also trying to get after but but it ended up being that I kept my hands off this one until the rut came just because I didn't didn't see anything I needed or wanted and thought I would do a lot more harm than good and going in there a lot and he literally it was it was that time of year where you knew you needed to be in the woods, of course early November everybody's dying to get out in the woods and he had a free morning to go to go hunt on a weekday. I was I was at work, and he he it was I think it was not wasn't it? Before yeah, it was the night before you called me and you're like, I think you were like, it really worked up. Yeah, he did you set that debt that night or whatever. Yeah, we're know I set that night own knots not there at another location and was I came home and I was just really worked up because you know, I mean the rut start in the ruts in full effect at this point and a few days before that though. You did pull that camera card over there. I think didn't even you had a picture. Of a bunk over there at at the property. You killed. Yeah. Yeah. So looking back. He didn't think it was the same deer after he killed a deer but there's a real blurry photo. It was a glorious ba and it was it ended up being the same deer after we after we looked at it pretty hard. It was the same dear you knew that deer on on on camera was a shooter though. Yeah, so just couldn't tell how how big you definitely was and how he looked like a shooter. But then again, I mean with a blurry photo it can be deceiving And it was only a 1000 photo it was in the morning and it was during daylight. Right right as the sun was coming up and he it was just one photo and that's literally when I tell you that's the only photo I've got of a somewhat shooter of a buck. That was the only one and if the thing about it was though, it was daylight. So like that tells me that hey even if that even if that is just a one-time deal there that a mature Buck is comfortable enough to be traveling. Through there in the daylight. So that tells me how you need to get your butt in there because it's it's now or never type deal if they're going to be on their feet in that area. I mean, he's not going to be the only only big deer in there looking for looking for those daylight and in that specific spot because it's the surrounding area. It doesn't have a whole lot of woods around that so you kind of know that that's that's going to be where they're traveling through at least that time of year. But in the main the main thing that was going for this property. That I was counting on when I got it is that it had never been hunted it was not hunted and the dude that landowner never goes back there. And so I was assuming going into it that they're just going to be some absolute Shooters on this 70 acres and it's going to be a really good spot and turned out to be a great spot. But after I wasn't seeing after nothing was really happening and I had one encounter and then I had some other encounters its mother spots and stuff like that. I Up calling Austin and that night and I'll kind of worked up, you know, and I just didn't really know where to sit in the morning. I knew I had to be in the woods and I just couldn't I didn't know where to where to sit because at that time of the year. I mean, there's You Can Have Anything walked by you that you've never seen on camera before and I just out of all of our spots. I was going I just didn't know where to go. And basically we can chalk this up to I'm the reason he killed that deer. He ended up telling me he ended up cutting. Off walls mid-sentence worked up with it and he probably gave me the best advice of that that season and want some advice and I'm definitely gonna rely on and it's he said, you know, he said our problem and he said it was both of us that our problems is that we get we get too worked up. We're super competitive. Yeah, that's just how we naturally are we always compete even if it's with each other if somebody else, you know this whole we'd both wanted to get a deer on the ground and so with being super Competitive that that puts a lot of added self pressure on you. I guess you'd say like you're more hard on yourself instead of kind of like remembering why you're eating out there, you know to have fun and enjoy the wildlife and not a lot of people get to do that, especially in other countries and shit like that. I mean you we we got it better than a lot of other people and I can't remember exactly what I said, but I think it was something along the lines of like dude you got to relax and remember to just have fun. I mean you're out there to enjoy Wildlife even if you don't kill anything, you gotta enjoy, you know, God's creation and why you're out there. I mean, if not, nothing's going to come by your stand. I mean, it's just not going to happen for you. He said he said just like that. He said as soon as he said as soon as you start as soon as you relax and you just you know are happy to be doing doing what we love to do. He said it's all going to come together for you and literally that day. This morning. I know it sounds cliche. I know it sounds you know kind of kind of cheesy, but I was literally sitting there and when the sun was coming up I was here in the woods wake up and I literally sat there and I just looked up and I was like, you know, man if I if I kill something this year. I kill something if I don't I don't I'm just I'm doing what I love to do and I was just relaxed and that morning. He walked right out in front of me and well first of all before he did walk out in front of you tell him what He was he was Eager Beaver and all morning trying to I was working. So I was texting him back and forth. This was like I had a feeling like something good was gonna happen. I don't know is going to happen that morning, but I had a feeling that mirror him one was going to end up killing one that week some point in the week because we had both plan to hunt pretty hard that week and he was texting me all morning, you know asking if he should basically get up he was in a climber on a tree That he had that was was that the first time you set that works first time I saw him. He was in a climber first time. He had said that location he was you know, he was not seeing a whole lot. Was that the only dear you saw that morning. I saw one. I saw one little basket right come right up underneath my stand it right when the sun was coming up. And the thing about it was is I'd only hunted only have the property like the whole 70 Acres one time before. So I didn't really know what to expect other than I guess you could say the trail camera the trail camera pictures that I got earlier in the season which was one bug and that goes back to like don't rely on your cameras because there could be something walking fifty to a hundred yards away that your camera and getting might not be interested in the old corn pile, you know, so which is another good tip that we did this year. We took our cameras off of corn we had them on corn piles. I'll get me wrong, but we start placing them. On these trails that we notice we're getting used and awful lot and mock scrapes. We started doing a mock scrape like literally every every big deer or every deer that had antlers on his head is going to have to come to that mocks crates. Just how they socialize. Yeah, pretty pretty crazy. It was we had some bucks that we didn't even know about on other properties that we have hunted for years and just they just for showing up and I don't know if they were cruising or what but we had Several Shooters come up. I mean it with one of our mock scrapes and he was hitting it and he started hitting it religiously. I mean, it's something about it that they just they don't like it when when another Buck comes in and then and then it turns into a communication Factor where different books are coming up and hitting in and then you get even the dough is coming up and and little fawns coming up we started doing that we used we I think we use the rope to tie like I think it was like a stick or something up. Yeah, we did that, but I don't So they can have their licking branch and stuff like that about, you know, just like belly button High whatever however tall know how big a boy you are. But you know, so that's that's kind of some stuff. We used to like really capture a lot of these deer that I mean did we have gotten so many nice deer on camera this past year. It's kind of crazy. But like I said, we completely changed what we typically do. Instead of just throwing cameras on the corn pile this year. We've started putting them even if there are a hundred yards apart. We will place them out on different trails and stuff like that and we invested a good bit of money to in these stupid camera and kid. Hey the trick is side note here. Walmart has got a task. Oh camera. Okay. I know everybody's probably gonna gonna say oh Tasco, whatever and then, you know, super cheap, but hey, they are cheap and that's why Bomb because I think it's like a $35 camera and if something moves in front of it, it's going to snap a picture of it. So with that being said we used a lot of those cheap, but we probably have like how many you think I mean, I know the 15 so we did we went all out with it this year. We have some got stolen. Of course by probably meth heads. He's got a lot of those but some got Got stolen from different property properties and stuff like that. But even being those little cheap cameras, it's not too much. Yeah, you don't got you know a hundred hundred fifty bucks invested in a camera. Somebody snatches it off the tree. Then you got to really, you know worry about it that much but he wasn't getting a lot of pictures on that property of any Buck besides that one good picture of that one good deer. He got on camera like a few mornings before The night before ask me. Hey, should I go in there and hunt this spot or should I go hunt another spot moral of the story is I basically kind of directed him to go there because I felt like it was a less pressured area. Yeah, and it definitely was I mean he that morning you saw the basket rack and then I think you sent me a text at like 9:00. It was like nine. It was it was like it was like 9:30. It was it was getting up there and I wanted to I'd planned on until at least 12 that day and I was wondering the looking at the map, you know the spot that I went to well first off when I went and checked that camera and we had that if he picture of the buck that was blurry that looked like a shooter but you really couldn't tell much because he was going by so quick when I went and checked that I noticed that whole place had been torn up with scrapes and just every literally every couple of 10 yards. I mean there was another one and another one and another one and I knew that there Big Buck hitting it, but on the camera that was also right in that area where all those scrapes were not necessarily on a scrape but on a main trail that they were using had tons of pictures of deer but only that one picture of that if he buck and because it because it was blurry and so then I was wanting to at 9:30 or so. I texted Austin and I was like, hey, I like I think I'm going to climb down move to the opposite side of the property sneak in there and climb in and It till 12 over there and see if I'm getting a little bit better vaccine because I'd only seen one deer at this point and he told me he said he said if you do that, you're not going to see anything. He said sit still literally that's exactly what I said. I said dude, if you if you're going to if you think you're going to climb down and not make a whole lot of Racket just know it us, you know, it's not going to happen. You're nothing's going to work out you might as well just sit there. Wait it out and in just be patient. That was basically the moral of the story is beaming freaking patient because it wasn't it wasn't ten o'clock when he just came and he just texted me at 9:30 and I told him to chill just hang out sit tight and see what happens. Hey, so and that is one thing that is just one of my I guess you could say bad quality isn't everybody. I'm very impatient and if I'm sitting there and you're not seeing what you want to see I mean I have I don't normally move. I don't I don't normally do that. But when I was playing on sit until 12:00 on a property where I really I really didn't know what I had to offer. I was thinking I was going to move and and if I had I wouldn't have wanted to kill that dear. Yeah, everybody's like that if your action if it's action packed, you know, I mean, everybody's completely content with being in a stand and having you know, 10 15 Deer out in front of them. Anybody can sit there till quick, but it's those mornings that it's just like dang. You have Waffle House is right down the road. I could easily jump out of here and go grab something to eat and just slip back in here on the backside of that property and it seems like it's your legs. Yeah, it seems like it never works out because I do that a lot. I mean, I'm not trying to be hypocritical at all. I mean I get bored and I got a lot to do super busy. So when I do get free time, and I'm not seeing A whole lot. It makes you want to jump jump down and go get something to eat. And you know, but I knew that it wouldn't have worked out. Well, I had a feeling it if he would just be patient it would work out. So anyways, 9:30 he texts me what yeah, I'm 30. I'm texting him and told him that I wanted to move. He told me he shot it down. He said no and he said don't do it. And he said you can if you want to but you ain't seen nothing. He said you might as well just go ahead and just let it play out and I'll Play out and what I when I walked in I had a ride, but I'd soaked in Dopey and I drug it from my belt and I put a little bit on my boots when I walked in and I didn't go into this properly property from the roadside access that I had. I went in I mean not not terribly far at all. And I mean partner 200-yard. Yeah, I mean but like in the grand scheme of the 70 Acres, I didn't push in there. I didn't want to I wanted to I wanted to get in where he had no reason to hear I scrapes or right there. I mean I mean I would have said exactly where you did Honestly though. It was right in this home. The whole property had one little section of Pines on it. And the Pines were probably about a part about a 50 60 yard little section of Pines that were all grouped up together and they were you know mature Pine so you could climb them and get in there and that's where I went because that's where all the scrapes were. And when I got up there the the basket right came straight to the to the dough Rag and then at about Then the clock the buck that I shot. He was I just I was looking One Direction and I slowly turned my head. I don't know if I heard something or what but I just remember turning my head and he was beelining it for me and that goes back to the other store before is is that after after I had that encounter I ended up asking the landowner if I could take my gun just because if if I thought happen to me again, and he was in that in that thick stuff. I might throw a shot with a gun as opposed to a bow, but He sure enough the one time that I bring my boat was actually the first time I brought my bow That season he or brought my gun that's his. Excuse me. He he came in and I shot him at 25 yards in my 308 because I get to I could have easily shot him with my bow and there's a cool. It was a cool deal though, because that was that was I think really the first time that we ever like well basically what And he killed the deer and he called me like I don't like as soon as he shot him and I can tell he's about to fall out of his damn stand. He's he's like dude, you gotta get over here. Literally. He said dude, you got to get over here. I just I just shot a monster and I was like how Lord I was like I thought he was kidding at first and then I you know, I knew he wouldn't call me from the stand after a minute and be talking as loud as he did if he didn't so literally I'm on the clock at work. I'm driving. Going to a different house and it just so happened. It just so happened to work out where I wouldn't too far from where he was hunting and I whip the work truck in there and help him help him drag it out and it was it was a cool experience, especially, you know getting to that was really what your that was your first big big. Yeah. It's definitely for your they need your I've killed as well. I mean just to be completely honest. It was a big deer. Hey as soon as I got I didn't realize it because I hadn't he said A big deer. He didn't send me any pictures or anything. You walked by to get where I was I called him as soon as not as soon as I mean as soon as after I shot it and that the reason was that because I dropped him worried. He was 25 yards he dropped and he wasn't moving he was dead and he when I was getting down out of the stand. I called him before I even got down and he when I was getting down on here about the air about did the whole situation wrong idea about fell all the way down. Just cause I was hurrying so fast to get down there, too. Look at this deer and I'd give it give it obviously a little bit of little bit of time before I got down but with it being 25 yards away and you dropped him. You knew I mean, yeah, he was like, he wasn't moving. He was I hit him and he was done and we I got down after I called Austin about time. I got up to where the the road but the property at where I parked at. He was already already been skipping up. Timmy was here. Cited for my was very very very happy. So we got it to the deer and you know, we did the whole the whole picture deal. Of course, you got to get good pictures everybody. Everybody's posting pictures on Instagram now, so that is a that's a big deal. So we took pictures for them and stuff like that and got some some videos of and dragging them out and stuff and he had to be at what time do you have to be? I have to be at work at one and that is why I land on I'd plan on sitting to 12 and and leaving leaving the stand at 12 to go go to work. And if I shot something to 12 I was going to call in a sick day. But luckily I shot him when I did which was still rushing for time to deal with the whole thing, but we took pictures as fast as we could we got them loaded up I went and I went and showed my showed my girlfriend and then I took him straight to the freighter the processor and got got going to work. And then change it work out of my camo. But so basically if you could kind of narrow it down to one like major factor or key that you see these, you know Big Time Hunters like Mark Drury or even Mark Kenya and I mean, there's an unlimited amount of hunters that you know credit their success to like one specific thing and it could be different every hunt. Like, what do you think the main reason you killed that deer? Was I think it was um, I mean, you know patients but I think the main thing that allowed me to kill that deer was with staying out of there until I thought time was right. I mean I didn't have anything so I didn't put I didn't put pressure on it. I didn't the best thing I had going on the property was that it was untouched and I wanted to leave it that way and I think that I think if I had been in their checking cameras religiously and stuff like that. I know what the right there's a lot of different there's a lot of a lot of Variables that go into it and you can get really lucky during the rut, but they're you um, I don't know if he would have been hitting it with the scrapes and like I said, I don't know how long that buck was there because I don't have pictures of them, but he had the whole area tore up with scrapes, but I think it was definitely staying staying out of there and then hunting it when the time was right when everything was in in your favor. I had a good win that morning. It was the rut hadn't been in there and I thought I my gut feeling told me it was the time to hit it and I want it. Hit it, and I killed him and the time before I hit four days before which was also the same wind and I didn't sit that location, but I set on probably about maybe maybe 200 yards away and then didn't have nothing happen with that one. But saw that one buck. And when I came back that time after that happened it was it was bright top. Basically it boiled down to right time of the year. Not a lot of pressure on that specific piece and And the good Lord bless you with some luck pretty much but we were kind of getting off track here weird 32 minutes. And so thank you guys for bearing with us on this first episode. And as we said they should get better. They should definitely get better as we go along. This isn't one of the funnier ones that we plan on doing, but we got some we got some awfully funny hunting stories to tell you guys in the future for sure. Um, but what we kind of want to do at the end of every every episode we kind of want to wrap it up for the little question of over or under. So this week's question is brought to you by dropping Drake Southern apparel company, of course, and the question is Colin for you and he doesn't know the answer. So he's either going to get it right or he's going to get it wrong. Okay the average mature bug sick. Successfully breeds over or under seven doze a year if you had to guess and when I say successful, that means it's not they're just not out there, you know looking for pleasure. They're out there. They're out there trying to reproduce the biological deal. You know, they're there. They're trying to have Offspring. So the average bucket successfully Breeze over under seven dollars a year, which means there's going to be seven van. In the spring or there's going to be under 7, there's going to be more than seven or over under seven. I'm gonna go with I'm gonna say over he's going with over over $7 I'm saying they're getting around in there. He's wrong. So according to qtm a now. I don't know how true this is, but they those guys know their stuff the average Buck from what I could gather breeds successfully three dodos around the average one breeds three toes a year. He's going to have three Vaughn's or that's full circle. Yeah, so he's going to have to basically fertilize three eggs and that could be twins. They can have however many offspring, you know, triplets, whatever but more the story. He's going to be the dad of at least three pawns. So there's some there's some statistics that were saying six, but I was kind of shocked by that. I was thinking that like a mature dominant Buck who ran in there. Really? I would think he'd put like, you know, 10 15 of them will dudes on the ground. It might it might just depend on which location you have to I mean if he's the he's the top dog and ain't really much there or say if it's not a lot of a lot of deer in the population. They got a lot to breed but they're not just out there to looking for companionship. But nah, they it that was a pretty interesting fact that we found but well we're going to wrap it up and Thank you guys for sticking with us this long and like I said bear with us, they're going to get better as we go just a little bit of a learning experience. Yes, it was and they this should be available on iTunes the podcast app Spotify and anywhere else you can listen to listen to a podcast. So if you guys don't mind drop down and give us the rating review, you can give us a 2 Star 3 star. We want the god honest. Is that why you can improve it? That's right. We can't improve unless we know so thank you guys for tuning in and this was brought to you guys by dropping Drake Southern apparel company check us out at dropping Drake.com or follow us on Instagram Tick Tock face, but whatever. We're not that active on Facebook, but we are pretty active on Tick Tock and Instagram stuff like that. So leave us at leave us a comment. Let us know what you thought and thank you guys for tuning. nin