Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make.Podcast at one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes on my part. I own it. Thanks. Everybody immerse boys all in one. Okay 3 & 1 1 & 3 one of us wins. When one of us fails we all fail hmm preach it. Yeah, I feel so like encouraged inspired. Yeah. Yeah, you should you should play a lean on you lean on me. Okay, so I went to Java last weekend, don't you enjoy every day dang near but I went to Java last weekend and I was walking down the stairs and I was leaving and this guy was walking up the stairs. He's like decked out in Gucci and he He said hey, you dropped something as I what he said your beautiful smile as I love. Oh, thank you. He said but then I left and I thought about it for like two seconds and I was like, is that a compliment or an insult? Oh, you dropped your beautiful smile? Oh, yeah, and I don't think I definitely wasn't smiling walking down the stairs. So was he saying I had a beautiful smile or was he saying I dang bro were just as well. Oh, It's deep. You know, I don't know. I don't know world will never know. Hmm what that was about. Yeah, had you seen the guy before no never. Okay. How old was this guy? I think probably twenty twenty twenty one is all but is there a possibility that he may have been hitting on you? I mean have you thought about that? Oh, yeah. Yeah in kind of a Oh way that made it seem like he could have been suggesting that but I don't want to say for sure because I don't know the guys heart. Yeah, and so I don't know why he made me listen to this podcast. Yeah, hopefully if you're out there meet me a job is Saturday. Wait. No, I'll be in Dallas. Just go back to Java if it's meant to be it's meant to be we'll no not like that. Did you believe in a hole you were digging it? Oh, okay. So next time Java days yesterday Java and I just got a refill of coffee and I got back and I got a text saying they're sending out acceptance letters for nursing school and I checked and I got accepted. Yeah, I was so pumped. Pumped I just went and put my full cup of coffee on the trashcan and left and I just called people you shouldn't outside you screamed. Yes. Well know whatever I got home. I didn't really I was so pumped. Hmm. Funny thing. I wasn't in that phone call. Yeah me neither. I my name didn't I knew I see you that. I called like my parents and my brother just hey good news about some friends everyone in immerse. Who was Try and for nursing made it a stir. Yeah, that's true. Everyone. Look at God. Yeah doing great. That's good. Amen. I hope everyone stays around. Mmm at least for two more years. Yeah, you know, I just had like a boring week, you know, I didn't really have any good stories out. Nothing to share on this pod. Really nothing. How is the ultimate? Oh, man. Okay. So two Monday's ago. I play the game of my life here. I am. Okay. I did I did. Did you win? I don't remember no the winning cake. Oh, yeah, we did beat you that was a game of your life. I played the game of my life and then I didn't win the game of my eye. I see this difference there thing. Yeah, but man, it's so much fun. I'm ready for Hoover ball, though. Mmm. Me too. Me too. Yeah. Okay. So that's the story. So two years ago went to Iowa to play football with some guys and one of them's name was Game and his dad does taxes right? Well, I take our tax information to him today Kings Tax Service. He's our sponsor by the way, cool. Anyway, he's like are you the guy who went all the way to Iowa to play? Whoever ball with my son because Jason Hill that sounds familiar. I was like, yeah man, that's it. And he just started laughing. He's like all the way to Iowa to play Hoover ball all the way to Iowa. He doesn't get it so last night, you know, we had 96 and Gary was talking about slowing down and making sure that you allow time for God to speak to you. Well this morning I woke up at 8:30 had class at 9:00 and I get out of my bed, and I just do my normal morning routine. I had stuck to put my pants on and As I'm doing that I start thinking you put your pants on. Yeah. Yeah. I'm glad you pointed that out. Like Nick made eye contact up to you said that this wasn't like almost got him. I almost got him all the way up. And then I swear this is the honest truth. I felt like God was telling me slow down. So as you told me that your pants. Yeah. I just took the pants back off and I said Okay, God and I laid back in my bed for another hour skipped my class and I had some God tell you skip your class through very last night yesterday, so I had to see how God's moving. Yeah, but it was really nice because I honestly got to think about my day think about what was going to happen today. Got to plan it out. You got to think about how God is really working for you. That's awesome. I'm so glad yeah, thank you. I appreciate that. Of course. I love how surrender looks like that in your life. Absolutely sir. And I mean it's different for different people. Yeah. So for me, it's hopefully you know that Grow. Yeah, and you'll you know continued excellence in your classes to though. Yes. I think God will honor me skipping class this morning. Hmm. Hey, well good episode guys. Wait got it got a shout-out to our sponsor Scotchgard. Always keeping your shoes dry. No matter what through the biggest flood. You know, I heard Noah. Yeah actually put Scotchgard outside the arc and it worked perfectly. It worked wonders. So go to Scotchgard the world was safe. Scotchgard, amen praise God see you next week on immerse boys.