I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever it is that makes you happy like maybe every time I say fuck you take a shit don't do that. But yes, so Great news, I have a guest this week and she has been a longtime BFF of mine for over a decade too long. Could you long we're getting older getting ol in my knees don't work and it is my BFF Tara She's a Lesbian. Yes. I am with a capital la-la-la-la. Like walk up to each other and then see what happens and if they look at you like you're crazy. They're probably into it. So, yeah, let's go with it go with it and see where it goes. But yeah. Whoo, I'm so glad to have you I know finally I finally I know I can't believe I've been doing this now for I think like three months. Yes. It's the longest relationship. I've had that matter. That is an abusive. I'm fucked up and horror Evil the purists like this is like the healthiest relationship has ever been in the only one. I approve of the only one I'll ever approve of this podcast is my wife. The only thing you're ever allowed to marry again. Yeah, I divorced my wife just so I could marry this podcast we have so Tara has been with me through thick and thin through ups and downs through all of the fucking fucked-up decisions and believe me. There's been a lot I've spent a lot but you know, I think maybe it's just because we're from Michigan maybe Michigan Pete have fucked up. Honestly, like I feel like when I tell people like some of the shit that I went through and like high school and like my early 20s like here in Minnesota there like what the fuck is wrong with you like it's just they're not on the same level. I think that that just think that we're fucking nuts, but there's nothing I don't know. I feel like if you grew up in Minneapolis, it's still like City enough. I don't know but like Your we lived in water for and there's like nothing fucking happens there. So you just do stupid shit to pass the time. Yeah versus like in Minneapolis. I guess like you could just I don't know go to a museum go to a park. Yeah do fun things. Like what is and what let's let's name some landmarks in Waterford the wave pool the fucking Ravine the punch bowl that I used to get drunken and likes foot smoked my first cigarette a nature center the Nature Center custard quarter custard. Corner McDonald's you Brandon and Leah work Sharks Club, MJ our Village Place Village Place. But uh, do you remember the shift when it was like you could smoke and Village Place? Oh, yeah, and then you couldn't yes. It was like Village Place was the first place I could buy cigarettes because they have one of those old-fashioned cigarette machines. You might wear you like putting quarters and like you pull the lever but it never works and I was like 16 and had to like ask the waitress has to like fix. The machine for me and I did you pull the lever and I'm like, yeah bitch give me my cigarettes so I can drink my black coffee and not pay for anything else because we're poor and in high school. Yeah, it's true. Oh wait, not Family Video Family Video before in session classic. What a beautiful beautiful porn section always take your friends to family is family video still around there was one right down the street from here like up until like a year ago like from from here. Where we're living. Yeah, like it's still there. Like this is New Hope Minnesota and there was a family video here and it's right next door Marco's Pizza, which is like a chain and Michigan. I thought that was a Michigan like trying to like dude and take over and there's a Jets Pizza down there. So I'm like are you funny? What is happening? Your past is like catching up to you. Exactly. Hello. No, we're trying to get away. I'm so happy though that I don't like yeah. Well, I've heard cute whatever this like a lot of leaks in. Like I'll go back to say hi, but I would I'm glad I'm not there. Yeah, it's really depressing to go back there and go to a bar and like see people you went to high school with I don't ever want to see anybody that I went to high school. It's really depressing because they know cool because you know time has passed, you know, I never tell my age, um, just shut the fuck up, but like I just don't want because most of the people that I went to high school with Literally are married or married with Children. Yeah, or have children. I'm but even the lesbians. Yep have fucking kids you're married and here I am drinking wine hoping that everything turns up for the back of it. Will it will well, I think it's I don't know. I mean, I think some people like their they don't know when they are like growing up. Maybe they feel like I never want to leave here, but I never got that feeling. No, I always wanted to live there. I always wanted to just leave and see what happens out there. Wow. There's some people are like really just like close to their family. And I guess if your family's been there for but it's such a better feeling as much as I hate going back there. Like it's also kind of nice getting to go back. So I like appreciate the little things. You know, like I do know like Brian is Brian's Coney silver. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Like that's a cute plays like a little little cute keeps a friggin Coney Island run by a gay man. That could have been us. Stead that could have been us it could have I think we were the most fun Waterford ever had honestly. No, I really do you think you think people like the high schoolers and Waterford party the way that we did. I mean, I'm sure it's differently but yes. Yeah, I mean, but I don't I don't I feel like everything that I read in newspapers, which is not a thing on the internet. I was trying to sound cool. I don't read newspapers, but it sounds like the G the Z generation doesn't really like Get fucked up the way that we used to come. I smoke a lot more weed but like for context like in high school our one goal was to get fucked up. We would buy a half gallon of vodka in drink that shit straight. It was disgusting. It was the most you know, that that's the beautiful thing about being young is that you can literally throw anything into your body and bounce back up go to work the next day at 7 a.m. And two hours of sleep and I don't end like the thing is I He'll honestly if we bought Burnett's vodka and we put it in our body at this age. We will kill her and die. Honestly, it'll be like no not again, like instant gag reflex. Like my stomach's gonna hurt. It gives me a stomachache. I'm going to be in pain like my liver hurts. I think you know we should do we should do an experiment for the podcast. We're doing it for the podcast. Yes, um where we take a trip back to Michigan, right? We get a lift to take us there. But yeah we drink. And backseat of left. We're not going to tell him Burnett's get shui Ste. Wasty go to Gigi's. Yeah, but the keep the lift out there so that we can just keep rowing back into the vehicle and drinking more and then have them drive us to that Taco Bell what the fucking bullet with the case eat as much Taco Bell as we can and then see how badly we feel the next day. I don't think I'll wake up. I think I will die. I'm wearing it right now. I mean, but if I get to see like stamen before I go then I think I'll just like one good. Fuck you Friday. Like honestly, no gay bar is the same as GG's like it's one of a kind. It's honestly like I kind of negation of a hole in the wall that Lou Dobbs is many gay people and drag queens and just query. Okay, we literally like whatever the capacity is. We have all like it Always surpassed. Oh, yeah, we broke the stage multiple times and they just won't get a bigger stage and they won't build more. I to it they won't do it. But I think you know, I like that aesthetic of it's just like purple and dark and you don't really know what's going on. But then you just fuck you Fridays and then you dance your heart out man, you know, I'm addicted I'm going to take trip we're going to do it. Yeah, I'll plan it will do it. Well, then we'll record it and everyone can see How old we are now W can't do it anymore. Let me go and break into our old party house. Oh my God. Okay talk, you know, okay, let's talk about the party house. Can you tell tell them what what is the party house? So we're in high school. Are we out of high school? I think I know that you guys are going to the party house long forever cat was it a picture? But if we were still around we were in high school because Brandon wasn't even out of the closet yet. But okay. So Brandon our friend his I think it was like his grandma and grandpa Aunt Uncle some like close relative used to live in this house. Right? I think it might have been his Aunt Debbie. I don't know but she moved out the house was foreclosed on falling apart, but the it was a locked and like one day me and Brandon went there and like We snuck in and realized like we could party here like our one goal was to get fucked up back then and we didn't have a place to do it. But then we had this perfect Oasis of Anna. And didn't house and boy did we fucking party they're not happened to it. Um well, so we probably had like a good like month in their parties like every weekend, you know, like not only did we party we were like smashing holes in the wall writing on the walls fucking slip and sliding with vodka and the fucking kitchen, but then one day me Brandon Jacqueline and Rachel went there to like folks and we've one day in the middle of the day got in there felt like not right, you know, like we're like we shouldn't be here. We're about to leave them here fucking knock at the front door police open up and like the front door didn't open. So we kind of go out that way but Brandon's like I'm gonna figure out how to open this and like me Jacqueline and Rachel went out the back door. We come out to the front see Brandon spread-eagle in front of the house with two fucking guns pointed to his head. These cops just like pulled like a fucking like scare them. It though and like just tried to scare the shit out of us, you know, like like Pat us all down against the squad car sound like a joint in Rachel's cigarette packs mash it up on the ground like acted like they were going to arrest us the fucking neighborhood was out like watching us who and then they just let us go and then we never went back except for when we told Howie and Uncle Bill what happened? They made us go back there and like rebuild the place clean the person who like used to own it. So they were like what the fuck Brandon like this Was like you're one of your childhood homes. What the hell you destroyed it go fucking fix it. But yeah, like I don't know many people that like partied in abandoned houses High School like dancing, you know, y'all were like and says, why are we always into such like Abandon Ship? What was the name of that likes psych ward? The child would say like pictures. I was on like the border of water for in Pontiac behind some that place again, what the fuck it's called. I don't know but um, my grandma was actually a patient there y-yeah. My grandma was like bipolar and like had a lot of like mental issues when she was alive. And yeah, she was like there for a while. That's why I always freak me out going in there because it was like abandoned Asylum. We would go hang out in there. Whoo here. That's like, okay. I'm going to say this that's white people shit. You like that shit. I hope that I will never go to an abandoned Asylum. There's never been a time when I've walked past and abandoned Asylum and went I think that's where I want to B2B ever make you go to where road I don't know. No, it was like this fucking like abandoned Road out by we're like April lived but like it was like haunted like you went like down this cul-de-sac down this road over these train tracks to like this like open field or house used to be and it burned down in the whole family like burned down with it. It was supposed to be haunted and we would like drive back there smoke weed and like freak ourselves out. I would never yeah. No. Yeah. Well that was that was nothing Unison white people shit. I'm you know, I'm not This point in my life and I was at this point in my life years ago. I don't do anything that I feel like May attach something on to me. Yeah and fuck me up. I don't know. What do we do people? I think what you're fucked with the Ouija board. Oh, yeah, but that was like that weird is Elementary School. Me and Taylor album it you are you doing be my girlfriend actually recently bought one because her house is haunted her. It but we haven't we haven't used it yet. And you shouldn't you open that door? You don't know what's coming through like you you might you might look for little Peter Pan, but then you might get a fucking 3, I double dick who the fuck is looking for Peter Pan Am, I no one gives a fuck about Peter. Yeah. Got looking for him where we came here. First exact fucking horrible Well, I this was this was pre our friendship like that. Yeah, they never but you know what they knew not to ask me to do any of that stupid shit. Yeah, I would have said no. Yeah. Definitely. I mean, oh, yeah, I can't because I'm more of a I'm not as I do stupid shit, but not like scary. Sure. Not scary shot because I'm a little I'm not even like I'm little punk-ass bitch. Like I'm the type of person I watch a scary movie. My fingers are over my eyes. I'll peek through the cracks. I don't like being scared. I think it's because I have a really really vivid imagination. So whatever I watch that shit sometimes like slips into my so explain to me why you're taking copious amounts of fucking psychedelics in high school. That's a little bit different that shit scared the shit out of me and that's why I didn't take them till I was like in my 20s. What well no, I feel like it's different. I guess. I trust my I don't know maybe my internal fuckery more than like somebody showing me fuckery and then me remembering it because I mean every time that I tripped was really good. It's about like especially when I did shrooms with it was like those penis and be ones with brand except it did take a very dark turn. Yeah. It was a brief turn. It was back. We're in Brandon's room and I was on the shrooms or whatever. Like flocked out of my mind and brand, you know, he's like the Pasty ass white person, right? But he I don't know why he was so red on the feels like sunburn. He was hot, or maybe it might have been the shrooms but like yeah and he has like teeth that are shaped like things. Yeah. He does like legit. He looks like a vampire and he's looked like the fucking devil, but I was terrified speak from experience. He can look very scary when you're on drugs. Yeah. No, I was too I was like, oh I got what is happening is I'm gonna die right here, but then it passed and then everything was beautiful looking but it there was a dark moment and I think that was in his room to like shit was like glow-in-the-dark or so. I was shit scared. It was like it was brand you had some weird shit in your ear just just a weird aesthetic to your room. I loved it. But, you know loved it little bit scary if you're on Shreya. But I think my favorite was when everyone took shrooms and I don't know what I did but I proceeded to projectile vomit all over how he's yard. Yeah, I was babysitter that night. I used to not take drugs. No, just like watch you guys take drugs and like take care of you. But really I would just like get drunk and smoke weed and like talk with you guys, but good old days. Yeah good ol Days. Well now that you got some background information of kind of one. What are you know? Get more into it. There's so much we could do this for four years life hours. Should we go back to the bean and how we met how we met? Oh, yeah. We ride the bench. I'm still salty about it. I okay. No, you tell them he's okay. So, you know in high school like most high schools, they have something like a study period for us. It was called seminar and seminar you usually had the same teacher every year and it was like a period that you had like multiple times a week where you would go and study and whatever so Lucy was a great above me. So We had the same seminar for three years and you know Lucy's we came from different circles in high school. She was a popular cheerleader and singer and I was a fucking jazz band emo nerd so she sat at the front of the class. I sat in the back of the class and when we finally became friends when like I think it was when you started dating. Yeah Maria she was like, oh, yeah, like we've never had a class together as a girl. We had the same class for three years. Oh my god, I've been so mad when I tell you I've never felt like such a fucking asshole. Yeah, I've never felt like such a fucking I hope can bully, you know, I wasn't a mean cheerleader at any moment Tara had ample time to say hey, how are you? She did not I mean be fair. I did my best to like not be seen by anybody in high school Cheryl just like escaping the in the back. Yep field of and I was wearing a lot of Black, you know hiding behind my hair. Nothing's changed here. It's still very black and you're still hiding behind your ear. My hair's a little bit better. But yes. Yeah. Well, you know, it's it is funny to see pictures of you with long hair. It's it ain't right harmonizing. It ain't right. It ain't right when I tell you it's wrong. It's wrong. He's just got such a cute face, you know, I just needs to be framed. At least. She didn't know me and like my five to six year ponytail period me and Taylor. We're ponytails on so no, that is real. Well Taylor with hair long. Yeah, but like I could fit in a ponytail. Oh, yeah hers was longer than mine. I don't I don't think I want to see that. It's like we've just played basketball. So like we were just like where you hate basketball. Those are like a travel basketball team what? Okay clearly who can be friends for a decade and still nuts about your fucking friends before we do. Yeah. This is like way before this is pre pre pre pre Yeah, it's cute though. For sure. I'm hot I'm gonna take a break. Okay, because I have to throw a commercial lender just throw up after throw up as well. And it's not a commercial. It's an advertisement. I guess that's the same thing kind of add we get inaudible we're gonna fuck the shit. That's my best friend. I was like my I've lost my train of thought. You know, what shut the fuck up we're going over. Okay, and bye. Hello, my fellow queer Queens. Have you ever wanted to make a podcast but didn't know where to start maybe about technology and need something simple. We'll look no further. Anchor is here. It's free and everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you and it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership download the free app today are go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. We're back bitches. We didn't fuck that did not happen. But now we are going to go to the next segment of what you truly came here for which is the fuckery the not one. I feel like we've already told you so much nonsense. You're like how the fuck can you tap it sit down baby because we got some more to tell you so it's kind of a two-part story. It starts off with Terrace shit. Decision and how it trickled down into my life and made me do shitty thing. He's no you weren't even there that night. Maybe that wasn't there. None of you were supposed to I was supposed to be, you know, I'll start with that little segment and then we'll jump into what happened. Yeah. Okay, so years and years ago, I was with this monster named I was dating a girl named Leah and so from what I remember about that night Leah was like we're gonna go out because you guys went out to Ann Arbor, right? Yeah. It was like Near Halloween. Yeah, she's like we're gonna go out to an arbor blah blah blah. I was working at Forever 21 at the time and I think I have to work the next day. Yeah, and I was like, okay. Yeah. No, that's cool. I'm not going to go. I have to work the have to work the next day and I was like, well who's driving like who's driving because it is a far distance from you know, what is the distance between Ann Arbor and Waterford? Oh, it's probably like it's like an hour, but it's like an hour drive and because she was like well brand invited me. So I was like so then that means that he's driving because my philosophy is if somebody invites me somewhere they're driving unless unless your brain and you can get people to do then you can get people to do. Yeah, we had a stupid philosophy and Koto it there was to know what there was to designated drivers in the night, but not really to have designated drivers does not make one designated. But so that was what I told her I was like well if you know since you're going or whatever and he invited you then you shouldn't be driving. Go ahead. Be safe. I'll stay up for you. Don't like don't worry about it. She's like, okay cool. And so then I caught I think she called me while y'all were on the way and I could already tell that she was like drunk as fuck. Yeah, and I think Brandon drove there's yeah, we're and drove there you got drunk on the wigs that was our code and then when we get there, she's supposed to stop drinking. And then at like 2 a.m. Or whenever she drives back. Yes. This is a philosophy that does not work and also keep in mind. This was years ago. This is before lips Uber's any of that. So it was kind of like it was like a shit show back in the day. You guys are very fortunate we showing up into time. We should have died by being the drunk driver or we should have fucking gotten arrested for being a drunk driver. It was bad. But yeah, so that was the the philosophy back. The day was you'd have a person that would drive there while the person who's driving home would drink on the way there. So right so then when you got there the person who drove there with drink and then they didn't have to worry about driving home. Yeah, it was it was a stupid. It doesn't work. Just want you to know. Yeah, so she had called me and I was like, wow, you sound pretty toasty and she's like remember, you know drunk leash and I was like, okay. Well, I'll see you when you get home. Yeah, and let's pass the sawed-off, too. So yeah, so we were going to Ann Arbor, which if you don't know if you're not from its again, it's a big college town and it's also home to like one of the biggest gay bars. I don't know maybe not still but Necto nightclub. It was like the only like big real gay bar besides Gigi's that it's like a hole in the wall. But anyway, we're going to a Halloween party with me Brandon Leah and Betty. I think I was dressed up as like a zombie. I had blood all over me. My tits were out. Brandon was like dressed in Drag. Egg Leah, I don't even know what the fuck she was just stupid herself. No, it was like a costume on but I couldn't tell you what it was and she was like pâté. Wasn't she a pirate I think so, I think she was a pirate. I don't look like she kind of looks like Peter Pan or something, but and I've no idea what Betty was at. But anyway we go it was a great time. The four of us together is just like great energy to Crazy of energy. We obviously all drink too much while we were there decided to go home. Maybe it was 130 close to to Leah didn't quit drinking all night, and she was one that had to drive back. So Leah the drunk confidence that she had drove us back and we had gotten we went like the wrong way on the way back and we shouldn't have gone through West Bloomfield to get back and we went through West Bloomfield and if you don't know anything about Michigan West Bloomfield is super like bougie rich people and it's known for having the worst cops. And anyway, so we're driving we get pulled over. Pull into the driveway they come they breath lies all of us were all fucked up think Brandon was like puking by my feet and I was trying to get him just like sit up so he could like give the cop his ID. I think I blew like the least like, I think I was at like a .07 like if I was 21, I would have been legal have been legal. Yeah, but I was 18 and Leah, I think blue the highest besides Brandon. So Leah was Dead and the three of us were served a my PS and if you're not from it again, that is a ticket for minor in possession. It's a misdemeanor. Yeah, and that was fucking terrible and we had to call Alana Betty sister to come pick us up was she pissed now? She was just like I'm glad you guys are like safe. She was like totally cool about it. So, you know, it's a lana she was cool about it drove. Me and Brandon to my place. My mom wasn't even that mad, but I was just crying. Ying was so upset at myself. Oh my God and long story short. I got a year of probation so did Brandon I think Betty might have gotten less than that. She had like a different judge. We all like different judges. That's weird. Um, but yeah, I got a year of probation so I couldn't drink but I could smoke weed because went during my first drug test. I was clean because I actually lost my ticket my MIP ticket. I went to like See when my court date wasn't there. Like what are you talking about? But you know me being me I was like, oh, I got an MIP so they like redid the ticket. Okay, I drink got no idea. Let's just take a moment and talk. I could have gotten away lost your fucking ticket. You being the Goody Two-Shoes that you are was like no, I definitely had an MIP so and it was like two to three months after that. I finally went to court. So I was technically on probation longer than anybody took me so long to like get served and what not. Holy Shit, you should have just fucking I'm out of my fucking dad been like thank you Guardian Angel right up in the heavens above I know so I got probation I couldn't drink for a year. I still drink I had another stupid rule that doesn't work. If you drank until midnight you would be fine by morning. So every morning I had to wake up at 5 a.m. And call this hotline for this place called jams and listen for my Color and if they called my color, which was Coral I had to go into the fucking crack Den upon teac and blowing a fucking not even a tube of paper straw into a machine to see if I had alcohol in my system. Did you ever fail? Yes tell me because one time I ignored my rule like my rule works like not drinking past 12 like worked for me so many times because I had Rank the whole time but one night. I was at a party. I was going to school at OU at the time. It was like at this like person's like fucking apartment and Rochester and yeah, I'd blow that morning and I failed and I had to go to court and I didn't know that they were going to drug test me because I hadn't been drug test that whole like six months. I've been on probation so far and I had been smoking hella weed, but by the grace of God or a failed test strip or the fact that I knew the Lady who took my drug test at the courthouse because she worked at jams and I saw her like twice a week. I passed the fucking drug test my got no weed in my system what I could have gone to jail if they fucking saw that I had weed in my system, but you know, I still violated probation. So I had to pay like a bunch of fines had to do community service. I had to go to AA I had to do these things called Wham weekends were essentially like fucking jail friggin. Field trips or it's ship you off somewhere. You have to do friggin community service like for like eight hours on Saturday and Sunday for like two months. Well, fuck. Yeah. So um told you that you thought I would learn my lesson but you know, I'm still cute. I think you know when you're young you just your fucking reckless shit. I mean, I still remember that night because I was in the accident but was surprised like sober as fuck and I was waiting for Leah and waiting and I was getting like later and later and I was like, Starting to get kind of concerned. Yeah, and I get a call from the jail. Oh CJ and then she's like, um, I got arrested and I was like, well, this is a turn of events kind of crazy. We didn't call you. But yeah, no, she called she called me and told me that she got arrested and she asked me if I could go tell her parents. So at that time I was living with Leah and her parents. Yeah, I remember and so I was like, okay and she's like, yeah, can you come like bail me out? So then I go downstairs. I tell I wake her parents with melon item like y'all Lea's and jail. They're like, what does like I'm gonna go bail around there like, okay, but no reaction really it probably saw it coming. So I went and I think great. I'm I don't know why Brandon was with me but he was yeah Brandon went with me to go pick up Leah. So I go and pick up Leah bail her out. It wasn't even that much money. I think it's like $100 or something. Yeah, I was like the yeah, it wasn't that much. And the first thing she says to me is did you tell my parents and I was like, yeah, she's a why the fuck would you tell my parents? She was like yelling at me. I was like bitch. I literally just bailed you out of jail. And you told me to tell your parents and even brand was like Leah, chill the fuck out looks like she's a bitch but ya know but then then that's why you don't drink and try that's the real moral of the story. Yeah, I always got out of being that second designated driver because I didn't want to because we just know everybody knew that being the second designated driver was a trash position. Yes, and it's just like I don't I don't I never I would never had to be second driver. I think I might have like once I think there was no God forbid it there was one time where I was supposed to drive home, and I did not I like try to And I pulled over to the side of the road. I said I'm not doing I mean once I was on probation, I think I did a few times but we asked and you like sober whatever but but yeah, so the moral of the story is don't drink and drive. Yes don't drink and drive if I want your probation and when you drink underage because you're going to I'm not telling you did not do that because you're going to just have everyone does do it. Don't go to nightclubs. I don't know why we require my clubs. That was awesome Detroit and Ann Arbor when we were like, 18 I was going to Gigi's when I was like 16 and a half 17 because I was using Taylor's ID right older than me, but I don't understand why we did that either why we like chose such fard, but I mean, I think it's just because there wasn't really much in water and we wanted like to be around other gay people besides just us. Yeah. I mean like we love each other but like it's nice to see you like a few new gay faces. Yeah, I mean like could but it would be smart Okay, so this I'm getting heat rash advice. Yeah, so say you are drinking and you are doing it under a which you shouldn't because you shouldn't it's legal but you just happened upon it. What you should do is stay your ass at home. And if you're ever in a situation where you know, you can't drive and you fucked up don't be afraid to call an adult call your parents. I know my mom or if I was a parent, I would rather my kid call me and be like, yo, I'm fucking Drunk I'm fucking fucked up on drugs and I don't want to drive I would respect that. Yeah, and you and you should you like you'll be surprised but most your parents will much rather come pick you up alive and say here that your dad they would rather pick you up while you're on drugs or alcohol then pick you up from jail my mother and my father picked me up. Once thank God they saved a life and it was mine. Yeah, so definitely be be responsible. I mean, I feel like Your teenage years like you're doing a lot of fuckery and bullshit not everybody. They're good kids out there. We just weren't that um, but you know, I'll always just be responsible. And if you ever are in a situation just like fucking call an adult right? I'm a hundred percent sure that like my a might not have been happy, but she probably would have picked you up. She would have picked us up. She would have picked you up. You know, there was like there's a lot of options that you had before having Leah. You don't want to drag you that idea. Yeah, so do not so don't drink and drive but I think that there's been a big shift to just with like the Ubers and the lifts being just so easy and accessible to everyone not sure where I mean, there are still people who are drinking and driving. Oh, yeah, which I'm outraged by X like this is ridiculous and my mentality on like drink going out drinking now is if you cannot afford to take a lift home you Ford to drink out you can you can't afford to drink out like stay home. It's really not it's not safe. It's not good and I know somebody who actually did I know two people who killed somebody from drunk driving. Yep. Fuck that's like my biggest fear like well because that's I mean, I think that's just such a fucking hard burden to just head. Like first of all, you're going to feel like like you kill somebody and you're gonna get charged for manslaughter and you have to live with that for For the rest of your life and I don't you like you don't want that on your conscience, you know, everyone somebody's life when your conscience. So the moral of the story, although there was funny things. The funny thing is that you should still always be responsible and you never get in situations like Tara and follow your probation. Don't do any of the Maricopa admissions don't drink it don't drink drugs and don't do drugs. I mean just fucking do it right get it over with and then you can go back to partying like you always have How I got that misdemeanor wiped from my record still so I yeah misdemeanors are I had a helped Liz get a misdemeanor expunged from her record. They tend to be pretty easy misdemeanors even gross misdemeanors. If you don't have like whatever it is, like what is it reimbursement and I reimbursement but like when you over esthetician, yeah, like restitution and said if you don't have any of that like those are pretty easy to wipe is the felonies that are hard. Yeah, especially if they're Murder, so do not murder don't murder. It's not never okay to murder anybody what a jump don't drink and drive which else into my next story when I murdered someone just kidding nerd one term. We like took that button. I'm just getting so so that is its hair like that is the first half of the story is Tara's the unfortunate events of her getting an MIP and our whole friend group. So at that time all of my And Ted and might be so it was what you bran. Yeah, Betty and Betty. So every time we'd have like there would be parties at houses and we didn't have to go out and fucking cross the town and drink but it definitely put a ripple through are partying like we still party but it was different. Yeah, it was different. It was more like well because they have the rule of if we can only drink till 12:00. Yeah, which this is a very important rule because what happened was so there's a party at this house was Aaron's house, right? Yeah Aaron and I bought what did I buy Like A fifth or pint either bought fifth or a pint of vodka? Which will that's why I don't drink Vodka to these days to this day, but I thought that everyone was helping me drink this back up throughout the night. No, but they weren't because they had the 12 o'clock Rule and I showed up late. So every time That I went back over to the pint or fifth. I would drink more of it because I thought people were helping me but it turned out all actuality. It was just me drinking it and I think I drank it all within. No more than an hour might have been less than it was it was Brandon there or was it just me when my girlfriend at the time Brooke? I think I don't know if Brad was there. I think it was just me you broke and then like Sean and Aaron and a bunch of dudes. That sounds correct. I don't think I don't have friends there. No, I think it was just me and Brooke well in a bunch of dudes. Yeah, it was it was very interesting party, but I ended up drinking all of this thing by myself and I got black. Back out fucked up horribly waste it. There's still much of the night that I don't remember. So I'm going to tell you the parts that I do remember and then we're going to have Tara fill in the gaps because I was pretty much so perks I was on probation because she was on probation. So I was like really fucked up. I don't remember much. No, I don't remember anything. I remember like little pieces of it, but then I know that I went to sleep. In Roberts bed and I think didn't Robert have like a bed. That was like hi. It was super high. It was it was high for no reason. It was stupid. I was kind of upset. There's no reason for a best side note. The crazy thing was Aaron's house. That was my childhood home. Wait, what? Yeah the house that Aaron he still lives there. He bought it for my parents when we moved because like Aaron and Shawn were like my best friends growing up. So I was like super close with Aaron and his parents bought it from my parents when we moved out so from like when I was like 2 years Up until like I was about like maybe like 10 years old. I lived in that house why Roberts bedroom was my room parents bedroom was my sister's room and then his sister lived there at the time which was my parents room that mind-fucking at long. So I was like partying in my childhood home at in those years, which was like the craziest shit. Awesome. It's like pretty badass. Yeah looking grew up here. We had no sir. I was like and so what I can tell you is I remember waking up. Up the next day. There is a pot. I don't know if I peed in Roberts bet. I feel alone. I feel like I did I won't say that I did it. There's a lot of bodily fluids that night word. Didn't know where they came from your body. Again. This is how you know, I was fucked up. I created a new term called Wrecking Ball wasted exactly and I was missing a tooth in the in my mouth and was gone. But um that night Dre was so incapacitated and intoxicated that me and my girlfriend at the time Brooke we were trying to help her because you know, she had gotten to that point of wrecking ball wasted which we coined because she fell multiple times at night and at the top of the stairs there was like a few paintings in like she knocked them all down just from falling she fell off the bed and then at one point like we were trying to get her back in bed, and we realized that she was bleeding, but we couldn't figure out from where it Was just on her hands and we were like, oh like she also couldn't speak at this point. So we were like trying to like figure out. Oh, maybe she started her period so we went to bed then with you try and do it like help you put in a tampon and then we realized like we saw like blood coming out of your mouth and I'm like, oh she fucked up something in her mouth. We figured it wasn't too bad. Like the blood like it finally stops. We put you to bed hoped that you would feel better in the morning. And then I think I might have left you there. I don't know. I I think you left me there because I remember when I woke up in the morning. I had no record. I was like what the fuck and I know for a fact that Sean should his pants. That was like, I think that's what I woke up to is that somebody was yelling because he shit his pants and then he was like, I'm gonna go take a shower and everybody was laughing and I was just I don't remember much of it and just so you guys all know. I didn't leave her in a house full of dudes that we didn't know. I left her in my childhood home with my brother and like one of my old best friends Aaron and like these are trusted dudes crazy dudes, but trusted. Yeah good people good people good fault. Yeah. Oh, yeah Robert. I love Robert Robert super cool Roberts a good dude, and I lived like right in the neighborhood. Yeah. Literally it was all in the same neighborhood. Everything was so close. But so yeah, and I created that new term called Wrecking Ball. Stir It Up and there was like a good summer for you just got fucked up a lot. I got fucked up all wasn't the same summer where you hit the building with your car. Yeah. No, that was like I think that was like a couple of years later. Yeah, I think so too. Yeah, because that was I think when all of that fuckery happened that was like after like me and Lea were like for real broken up you're broken up for once I remember yet so crazy braids of that time at Yap. I went through some hairstyles. Tile you have like crazy colored braids. Yeah, I've had yeah. No, but it's not the same Yeah, Mmm Yeah the irony. No, I'll be yeah because when I so, I'm not going to tell you the whole of its of the story for legality reasons, but there was a time when I ran into a building and nobody was hurt everybody survived we were all okay, but the only reason why I remember when that was is because I had these like long white box braids. Yeah and Is during Taylor Swift's 1989 tour because I had to go in there. So I was a little bit it was a little it was a couple of years later. But yeah, so the moral of wrecking ball waste that story is if you think that your friends are helping you drink, they're not because I think it was just you it's you I think Brooke might have been helping and drink it but she literally had like the tolerance of like a tadpole. Yeah like that. That doesn't that doesn't even count. Yeah. So the thing is Is maybe ask your friend? Are you helping me? Drink this or is this just me and maybe they'll tell you know, that's just you you did all of that to yourself. I think the also another moral is if you fall once quit drinking. Yeah, I think the first time you fall that's when you go. Okay. This is don't wait until you break a tooth out of your mouth. What tooth wasn't I think it was like, um, This one. Did you get a new one or yeah, they had to build it up. Do some shit going to should have got a gold. No, it's not a big to well because the reason why I was bros didn't have good tooth care, but like well because it was like part of I had to get like a root canal for it. It's like part of it was broken out. It was just real fox. It was like a whole fucked-up situation in my mouth was not happy about it, and it was expensive and I did not have money back then nor do I know but I really didn't have money back then and so That is the and then what was that is Wrecking Ball wasted the reason why I got banned from your house or was that just like me just doing other shit. I don't know if that was the same time period or if it was God damn it. I just been that messy this whole time the reason you were bad for my house by my mother was because so, you know, my mom was super cool. She would like let my friends stay over at my house a lot cause we had a whole basement to like ourselves like it was a whole like a part. down there and she kind of knew that like we may be drinks down there sometimes she did if she caught us she would yell at us but like honestly she was just glad we had a place to like you know hang out and like not fuck shit up but if she ever found shit she would get mad and one morning I know like we were all like passed out down there she came downstairs went through your duffle bag and found like are like probably two half gallons of vodka 1/2 me out to she was like well push this one has to be the problem child supplying my kids with two half gallons of vodka when I probably got it in the first place what do you think was really like if you had to pick out of all of us who do you think was really doing like the hardcore partying Lee drink like granny ringleader in it Brandon he was one like always like goddess the alcohol and we had to go through some hoops team saying hurdles to get others I had a connect through Kim's look at him Liam Leah's ex-boyfriend Leah sexy girl next girlfriend was she like this dude named Eric and Eric used to get us alcohol yeah shout out wherever you are Eric today Eric whoop thank you for the years of true bullshit and fuckery that came from that but like the thing was I didn't mind getting banned from the house for a little bit it was me not knowing that I was badly accident really want to tell you killed my mom was like you she should it can't come over here anymore so I was just like I'm just not going to invite her over it anymore and then I had been over there to while it there is it was that it was that to I know it was at Taylor's house yes I remember it was I think it was Brooke and I don't know why Shawn was there but I was talking to him about it and then I think Brooke was the one who told me like you're you can't come back to the house I've been bad and I was like me and I don't blame my mom as I'm leaving me and Shawn both Girlfriends living there like yeah, I was just like, oh God the think so warm moist mom. If you're listening to this, I'm sorry that you had to listen to all these stories. First of all because I know I'm good kids. I was like, I still passed all my classes. Yeah, and I was a great student College. I didn't fail but I stopped going after two years, but it's not really that serious. Yeah and what I think that's like the funny thing about it all is that I wasn't like one paper. I wasn't a bad kid. Like I did really good in school. I was very like active. You know, I did the cheerleading student council all the shit. I look like a star student same and I was just like fucked up but I mean what else is there to do? What exactly nothing? So what are what are the takeaways from the learnings? What no, no underage drinking if you are going to underage drink do it in a house or just don't drive don't get in a car when you're doing it. Even if your Like of age drinking don't drive never dry. We were underage drinking and drive into morrible. Don't drink and drive call someone there. Is somebody in your phone who is sober. Yes, and I know that you probably have like 27,000 contacts in your phone. There's somebody in there who's going to answer you. Don't let the fear of someone being angry. If you getting in trouble from your parents stopping you from like being safe and reaching out to them. Yes and this time no just be responsible. Yeah. We've learned so much. I think I think now we really have it together. We like we went a hundred percent of the shit that I did back then I would absolutely not do now. Oh, yeah. I mean maybe said for a different time, but I didn't talk about any of the shit I did when I first moved to Minneapolis because that was it we're gonna bring Terra back you went through some phases there, I think my worst Parts where when I was here in Minneapolis for my first few years I went through some now is about it before me and breathe and move your so I was just like you out here I mean Brandon was there for some of it you were here for some of it to just visiting but ya know when I visited the I always had a good time except for me to take each other to the emergency rooms every time still trying to figure out how you felt that rip yeah so you were there that time where I cracked that ya got kicked out no band from the 90s three months she got banned from the Gay 90's for three months we still have no idea what she did and she had a cracked rib that's the that's all we know if you're listening to this and you know what Sarah did to get banned from the Gay 90's for please let me know that's why I don't drink liquor anymore or like blackout because I would do stupid shit like yeah well because the thing was I remember her throwing you out and we had no idea what the fuck you did we were like what did she do I remember looking at the like bouncers asked me what did you do it she was She knows what she did and I like clearly fucking not I probably ripped down a poster. That's the only thing I can think of because I had a habit if you've ever been to a bar or club or the Gay 90's, you know, they like to have giant posters up on the wall and drunk me I get a little mischievous and I see something I giggle like a little maniacal evil Giggle and I'm like, I'm gonna write that down and I would go and rip that shit off the wall and fucking run just Just for the fuck of it and I'm pretty sure a bouncer saw me tried to like stop me. Push me down the stairs. I cracked a rib and they kicked me out, but I don't remember so could be a completely unaware never know. It could be a whole different story. Maybe she got into a fight with some bitch. I don't fight. But what was we're doing it for a fact but yeah, so yeah. That was the crazy cool. Is it not really cool, but just to learning Experience that we wanted to share with you. Yeah, and if you think you started your period you're probably just bleeding from your mouth. Yeah, it's probably probably did starts where you try and put a tampon in your friend check all of her other orifices. And you know, that's real friendship when you're going to put a tampon in your for that's fucking that's love and that's why we've been friends for over a decade and somehow we're still alive. All right. We're I'm going to take another break and then when I come back we're going to do the queer dough artist of the week weirdo of the week. Whatever the fucking called this days. I'm a little bit drunk. I've been drinking wine. They're going to wrap this shit up and you're gonna fucking enjoy God damn it. You'll probably hear that Tara fucking wine on the goddamn table and I said Tara don't put your fucking wine on the table. The Mike's gonna pick it up. She fucking did it anything. we'll be back after this perfect okay now is the segment cuerto of the leak where I shine a light on a beautiful artist and tell you about how amazing they are they house we can see how amazing they are and then you go and support them because I tell you to and they deserve it they deserve it and you love it fucking love it you're in a fucking support I'm gonna buy their shit and give them money get the money then you're gonna give her money these men are gonna give me money just we're getting everyone money okay so this week's queer of the week is Oliver Jay who is a trans artist from Minneapolis they do art drawings paintings cool shit like that and they I also do like clothing which is that think I like some super dope lovo shit like some snakes and shit this one's like a hot bitch you can't yeah like they're super dope I do like their their clothing they have like this rib cage looking shirt it's pretty fucking dope I dig it so what I'm going to tell you to do is and I'm going to link I'm going to put all the links in the description below because that would be much easier for you to just click on that shit then for you to like write down what I'm about to say but they do have an official Facebook page which is w dot facebook.com art by Oliver master so you should go to that and then they have their Instagram for their art which is Art underscore by underscore o dot master I know it's a lot it's a mouthful um Oliver / / / let's fucking lot look my own scores I support you I'm here for you so I'm going to put down all your information in the description box below but they're super talented and I really hope that y'all take the time to check out their art their clothing because I like it and if I like it then you should like it and if you're listening to me you should like what I'm just kidding no you can like what you want but I'm very about lifting other people especially local unknown or well-known I don't give as I don't give a fuck if I just like you I'll put you on this fucking show but yes please go and support Oliver Shay that's pretty much I don't think you've said so I'm going to plug it for you you need to go rate review And subscribe to hot queer mess and give this bitch a five star rating because she deserves it I may be her best friend friend and that might be the reason why I listen to every single episode but you know honestly I'm not that good of a friend where if I didn't like their podcast I probably wouldn't actually listened to every single episode but I do because it's good so give this bitch a five star rating she needs to get a billion five star rating so go fucking do that yes because it does it helps you know get the podcast notice when you Google that shit pops up first also if you have funny stories Some advice have questions. I don't know any like fun cool shit. You can always email me at hot queer mess with 3 s's at gmail.com. And what are the three SS stand for this week sabotage succulents stimulants you are on one sabotage succulent stimulants, you know, I bet him to follow us on Spotify. If I just keep it moving, it's like that was I hardcore spot but I'm totally here for it. But yes, so please email me at there if you're interested in being on the show and I think that you are interesting enough. I may live in Minneapolis, you know, you can also email me at the same height Square minus 3 asses at gmail.com. Also you can follow us on us. I mean me but I'm like, I got a lot of personalities she today we don't I don't know you can follow me on Twitter. Instagram and there's an official Facebook page. It's all at hot queer mess with three asses. It's fucking three asses if you type into I think it was still pop up. Yeah, but no just fucking type in the three, you know, because the one with the two, it was already taken and it really fucked up everything but you know, I think aesthetically though the 3 s's, it works. It looks better. It sounds it's cuter and she doesn't like to say, but you can also find her at porn, huh? Dot-com just email me if you want that link and that will cost you money kind of cash app. You can do some sending you some shit. Yeah. No, but once again, thank you everybody for tuning in every week. I really do appreciate it and love the support. I do not get paid to do this podcast. I do this for free out of my pocket all the money that I make. is zero make it so if you want to support the podcast there is a link also in the description below and you can donate as little as 99 cents a month which is like a fucking nail polish I don't know everything is so exciting think nail polish nail polish is more than 99 Cents I fucking taco and taco Tuesday but I'm worth it Taco on Taco Tuesday and only one once a month and it goes from I think like 99 since a month all the way up to 999 a month and yeah so you should do that because I don't like editing podcast and I can take that money that you give me to pay someone else to do it yeah get her an editor get me an editor because it's it's hard and I'm too pretty for this shit and I'm just kidding but thank you thank you so much for tuning in I love you first has biggest and the mostest hasta luego queer duck hi I know this podcast is over but yeah I'm doing this new thing where um I add the sound check at the end of each episode because it fucking makes me laugh wait what why did it oh so wait what's your say your name my name is Tara MacLean you sound like lesbian there's a lot of bass in your voice sounds really gay when I hear recordings of my voice I feel like I sound like a little girl do you yeah I sound deeper and like my mind you're mean to I thought I had like a super raspy voice and find out that that's not the case was quite traumatic just keep smoking cigarettes and up lately sounds like you're fucking throats been fucked by a razor but so this is cool but we're going to have to like get like a Macbook yeah or something oh yeah ground but I'm gonna need it on something likes triple look at God ask and you shall receive vibrating yeah well there's nothing is anything is there any sound like you maybe you can put yours on this so we're stable okay like you maybe you can put yours on this so we're stable okay