Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going? Yeah, hello dears. Hello. Yakky Harris right now. I Perfect all right, so welcome welcome. I didn't even catch you. All right. Are you busy right now? Okay. Oh, yes. Oh, yes and welcome to so how many introduce you know episode 28, you know, basically, you know, we're going to be answering any questions that you have regarding to the mindset trading anything particularly that you have and you could gladly answer that for you. What's your Co-op coming trick? Michael you want to answer that? Yeah. So first off, I mean myself I kind of wish that I had the opportunity when I was 17 to do this. So you have an opportunity right now understand that the opportunity to hand is huge for you. The biggest thing I could say is if you're going to start diving into the charts and into the markets and everything respect the markets as much as possible. Take your time. Learn it. It's not going anywhere. It's going to be here. So you don't have to make a million overnight and if you think you're going to make a million overnight, you're probably going to blow your account. So, you know be respectful to the market and you know learn as much as you can be a sponge but understand that there's different ways of trading as well. And so you you want to pick your lane that you want at the beginning like be a scalper learn scalping you want to be a day. Swing Trader be a swing Trader learned that but stick with that rather than learn all the different types and get confused with certain tools to use and what not. So kind of limit yourself and again respect the markets. I think that's the biggest thing and yeah, just take your time with it. You know, it's not like I said, it's not going anywhere. So it's taken me what almost two years to get where I'm at right now. And you know, I feel great. When it comes to the charts, but it was very intimidating at the beginning. So don't be intimidated by it stick with it. Any losses are lessons like there's a lot that we can say with this because as a seventeen-year-old beginner like you have the you have the whole Market at the palm of your hands right now, you know what I mean? Yeah. So my I guess my first question for you would be like, where are you at in the markets? Is this something that you're thinking about taking up or have you looked at things like have you have you started learning? Yeah. Well, good good. How do you like that box strategy? I think you said a key word there when you said your back testing, but you're on your demo. So it sounds like you are taking your time on the charge because some people will do demo like myself. I'll be the first one to admit. I did 30 days on it and I jumped off of that and I wish I'd have stayed with it for like 60 to 90. So, you know instead I jumped into the markets not fully understanding things and I ended up blowing. My accounts that's why I speak from experience on that. But if you're using your demo, there's nothing wrong with losing free money, you know what I mean? So you're getting all the knowledge and just apply it, you know, when you get to to the point of using a live account then it's just like using your demo account except with real money then at that point, but you're already in that mindset like hey, you know, I kind of understand a lot more where I'm at now. So yeah, I think the patient's portion is huge. What what's your emotional level like when you're on the tradies? Yeah. I don't know. I'm just all over the place. What's the what's the most you ever lost on one trade? Live or demo? Okay - yeah been there before that's funny because the biggest loss I ever took was the second biggest loss average ticket was my first for a while was on was on bitcoin. So Bitcoin will get you so I'm with you on that one doing this shit that shit hurts. I lost I lost about on bitcoin the most I've ever lost on bitcoin. Yeah, it was like 24 Grand on Big Horn and I had to $10 Lots on it. So I was like wow. Okay. Yeah life really hit me real fast. And this was like Durning like even like probably even before the start of London session. So yes, I definitely know how it feels when when you lose like a big certain amount but like in that is where you kind of want to remove the emotion part. Because that is a lesson like, you know, like if you look at it like the bigger picture wise we lose money all year long on super stuff that we buy. So when you actually are losing money and trading is actually a lesson, so you're preparing yourself so you don't lose that. Meanwhile other people in the world are spending money on unnecessary things. They're really losing. You know, it's not it's not like a long it's not like it's long term for them. It's just that to them is just a season that moment but like you're losing money in a market that that's fine. That's okay because that's what you're not the only one that's lost money. And that's the most beautiful part about this skill set and this industry when you get when you get your hands on it, so we lose money be like look you're not. All you want I've never met anyone, you know has trade has traded and said they never lost a biggest certain amount of money when it comes to treating if someone have set said they never have the name bullshit because when that happens, they're not going to even understand or even have the emotions. Are you familiar with the word fomo? Fomo stands for fear of missing out that's part of your emotional standpoint when you're in trades because you want to catch something from the best point on the charts. Sometimes you're going to miss that so I think the biggest thing is it helped me write it down and just look at it on my marker board for a while. If you can eliminate fomo then that's going to help you a ton. So when you keep that in mind and you're like, alright, you know, if I may have missed out on the entry a wait don't just chase the trade don't Don't Revenge trade if you lose take a step back, let it make its move and then reanalyze your points. So that's all like kind of goes in like I say respect the market itself. That's the biggest thing. So, you know, there are certain ingredients to making the the, you know, the full end Out product and those ingredients can add up to a lot. So it was that patients eliminated try and eliminate emotion as much as possible which includes fear of missing out. And just respect the markets overall. That's right. Come to New York. Oh man, that's actually a good question. Well, I'm a sap. I want to go ASAP. Yeah. Yeah, but yeah, we're not going to go to New York in two. I'm going to be starting like the whole five day course after because I'm competing right now. So so after like the month of July we're going to really game plan on which states are going to targeting first. I know it's going to be Arizona first, but Hopefully we want to get to the East Coast because I really want to get there out of the way like the west coast is great. Been there done that but we're going to start heading out to the east coast probably here in New York and then Boston and then from there, so if we get a good amount of students there, that's honestly where it's going to come really come down to and then we'll be there because my office space is actually all over with in the country. So we have a clean facility. We'd be pretty dope create the whole Your environment so you re pretty be pretty cool. Yep. I'll say the wherever we go that depends on y'all because without yes, I if you have the courses being filled up so, you know, if I've they of course are going to be really getting packed. So if you have friends has been really, you know spells some spectacle, you know, they just they want to learn, you know, like if you know like I like to say like if you know you have if you have boys and you want to put them onto some of that could you know benefit them and It's your life or even truly have a vehicle to accomplishing what they really want to accomplish then. Yeah. Why not like this is a this is the year that everyone should be reinvesting into themselves. So and it's going to pay you long term and a lifetime. Yeah, I would say limit start and start off at the beginning of limiting yourself to only a couple pairs so decide whether you like volatile pairs or whether you like slow pairs, if you want to take your time and learn maybe a Euro pair will be good because it moves fairly slow. Move behind GBP pairs, but if you want to catch Pips and you want to kind of like dive into the deep end a little bit hop in the GBP pairs if that's the case, so you'll find that like GJ moves a lot faster than a lot of pairs G and moves a lot faster than a lot of parents but you'll find like EU moves real slow. So or even the Euro and Swiss franc like you can find like when with a lot of consolidation on charts or or lacquer like lagging moves, You'll find that those are like the slower pairs so depends on which what you're looking for. So stick to a couple of them find the correlation because if you can find a pair that they correlate with or against like how GJ correlates against the against gold, right? So if you're buying GJ, you're probably selling gold. Right? So if you can use those as puzzle pieces and until you get the full puzzle together, you can start off with a couple pieces. That's all you need to do is start off with that border work your way to the middle and Keep that picture, you know what I mean? Thank you so much. I appreciate you 24 hopping on more than welcome. Yeah, definitely. Alright, so we have Willie going to be hopping on next I would give you a call right now. All right. We got our next next contestant. Hey, how's it going? That's good. That's good to hear. The biggest reward that we could get is hearing feedback like that. So awesome. Congrats. Congratulations, man. The journey is long and you have the same area to the gentleman. It's long. It's like PDF but you got to find what works for you. But now I only came to visit our state discipline and focus on my bottle of the bottom line at the end of the year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, most definitely. And that's awesome. You stop by, you know. You know me though. I got the job. I'm still a lot of yeah, don't be a stranger man. Stop by. I'll take care of it. The funder. So yeah, and now when that market goes down. If you notice volume and volatility is starting to pick up. So now is the time for you to really, you know, hunker down be disappointing make some money by up facts. Yeah, so I'm coming back. I appreciate that. It's truly remarkable. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, the first one that made me really fall in love with like the family aspect to hmm. I'm telling you anybody listening do yourself a favor. I mean, you know what? I mean? Yeah, that's what that's you know, you know, that's the things we take pride in is the culture that leads to success. Yeah, if you can feel comfortable at work work environment, then you could do whatever you want. Mmm. Worked out for you, bro. Yep. Thank you guys. Sounds good. Alright, so that was our former student. Willie joined us when we started Luke Harper our folks. I believe used to come into the office and nowadays do it is just trading for a firm now, like, you know, you know, we love to talk about people's growth especially when you know, they join us and you know, and they feel comfortable to start trading on their own and or just, you know want to just do a own thing which I completely respect. So again, like I love seeing people when I love see people growth when you know, they come to us and they find a value and then they just run with it. So I think we have our next caller Gonzalez and then we have Jared neck. So Jared you going to go next after Gonzalez. So let's give consolidate call be two three. seven seven four eight two seven two Let's see what we got Gonzales 99 as an interesting ig name. Yeah, we have someone that's actually joking. Hey, how's that? How's it going Gonzalez? That's my guy. How's everything going on with you? Of course, it's a brand new month so ready for new goals, so no well, no well. Thank you. All right, you know I have a few questions actually, you know, I've actually been trading for like around the year now and so far I've done here I'll demo accounts for like six months or so. Over with Michael you missing your side you little bit man. I just I just saw a few that I just keep hearing everyone that's been taking a box strategy and it just works out for them. Like, you know, like I tell I like to tell people you know trading is like being realistic is boring if you don't understand what's going on, but if you have it very simple. Oh, you know it becomes very fun. Like it's remarkable that the feedback that we just keep getting on the box strategy and it was just like wow, like people are actually now seeing the market it could actually trade actually good profit and they feel good and there's no there's nothing more sexier than seeing a blue screen on your mt4. Nice. I love seeing blue screens. Like it's my favorite color. That's actually falls into my next question I had for you guys because right now, you know, I don't want to say it's one of my struggles. Over complicate my grave would you recommend for someone like that? Like I tend to like over and that it's common to do so, if you're if you can find yourself in the middle of analyzing a trade and you're getting to a point to where you feel like you might be chasing the trade. I think you might need to step back from that chart and move on to a different one for a minute. Like what I've kind of made my myself do like I used to do the same thing and just analyze the same thing over and over. And over and over and over again to the point to where I attended to find that I was chasing what wasn't really there. I wanted the charge to do what I liked what I saw happening and it always did the opposite. So I tell any student that comes to my classes Monday classes are Wednesday classes. Yeah it really it really comes down to reverse psychology. Yeah, if you think that if you want something to happen think the opposite of what you're thinking that's going to happen and then you see how quickly your mind purse. Apps to that change in your like oh wow, like I wanted it to be up here, but you got to think opposite of that like, you know, like it's going to come down here and then if it had lines to your communication, I mean not like a vacation but your confirmation boom well and I send them to find out if I'm spending a lot of time on a chart I time myself and I can usually find a good trade within the span of about five between 5 and 10 minutes. So if I'm looking at the same chart over and over and over again, and it's longer than that. And then at that point, like I said, I'm chasing and I shouldn't be chasing because chasing is just as dangerous as Revenge trading. Yeah, so, you know, if you're going to be Your Own Worst Enemy in this market, so sometimes you got to even just talk to yourself. Like Ken said it a million times on lives on podcasts and classes, you know talk to yourself build yourself up, but don't be afraid to tell yourself. This isn't a trade that you need to take, you know, if it gets a little too complicated. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Myself a little bit, you know and I do sometimes just like closes laptop and be like now, you know what I'm very good as a pet face like just walk away as you would say, you know, and I think that's why shouldn't you know work on the lawn mowing. Yeah, and this is also something I could add into. So for people that you know, they're over complicating their analysis and our markups. Just just take a break, you know be on the sidelines so actually I analyze the markets don't trade in the markets, right and just watch how each candle forms between each of the sessions. That's that's opening up. So then next week you could actually buy mean by the end of the week actually hold yourself accountable and be like, wow. I marked up about, you know, about two or different pairs, you know, and I kept consistent of where prices was going to come into. So then you're building up confidence for yourself for that following week that's going Happened. So now you're ready. You're going to have that killer instinct that now I'm sharp, you know, I didn't trade all last week. I was confident I kept to my confirmation to my rules. I was not being greedy, you know, even though you weren't trading is something that you got to mentally prepare yourself. So and then that following week, it's just going to be exactly how you mentally prepare yourself from that previous week. And then from there she's going to be a routine once it becomes a routine. It's just like you're not even analyzing on you're not over analyzing on your pears you're getting into the pair's you're getting into your confirmations your rules your and setting yourself for your discipline level to be right there. So then everything is just going to lie. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. No a bunch of analysis on Instagram like my gold I told and it's like shit like I don't even like that idea and yet I was foolish for gold, you know, yeah. Most definitely if you're looking in trading only gold you might want to consider a regular Forex pair only because gold itself. This will give you an opportunity to step away from gold and look at something else. So you don't miss out on trays or miss out on money gold. If you look at it, it went down a lot over the over Friday, right? Or you can also trade you could trade it. Yum oil. Yep. You could all yeah the Commodities the energies they all kind of work. What opposite right? So if you're looking at gold gold is supposed to technically go opposite of like USD and opposite of the u.s. 30, right? Well, they all kind of went the same exact way. So gold has a mind of its own you have to understand that gold will do what it wants when it wants its very push enfants amounts O'Neill's so Anything that's revolving around with their economy. That's if gold is being such a high demand and that is going to be the volume of the direction is going to be pushing. So like that's why I go you could trade it, but you have to be really really really patient to actually look for those moves. And once you have those moves, then it just, you know, always winning your favorite but like patients. It's like really highly required when it comes to train a Commodities because it's very fundamental base and then Once once you have the fundamental base behind it, and then of course the market structure will follow it as well too. So but yeah, yes, you can you can gold does its own thing due to the fundamental news and stuff like that. That but that's why I was maybe suggesting you're a second pair being a technical pair. yeah, you know I mean Condiment to become a big role in the market. Yeah. Yeah, I've defi. I've definitely heard of it like, you know like to me like it's completely optional like, you know, like everyone has different Financial situations like, you know, like I could say for myself I could grow like an account of to 25k without, you know being funded but like four For anyone that you know that wants to have that big Capital because once you have that big Capital becomes very more easier to just actually start trading and getting bigger Roi so if the challenge, you know that benefits you and your favor, I have no problems with people, you know, actually getting funded if you are doing it the right way. So like if it helped yeah, I felt yeah. Yeah. You think I could get a functional Eskimo? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, honestly, yeah, honestly reinvesting back into yourself. So which you know doesn't hurt you at all. So like I said, like I said, like, you know, if it helps you then why not like, you know, we're ready. We're ready living as a life that is struggled to even make money as it is but this so many opportunities that's out there if people have fully take full advantage of it. Yeah, yeah. No. Yeah. I'm like, I felt keep you guys updated, you know, hopefully starting this next week. I would complete the challenge but you know, that was all my questions I have for you guys. All right. Yeah. Thank you man. I appreciate that feedback really means a lot. us I hope to you know, hopefully get into this, you know a lot more, you know, I hope to really like Zone in a lot of ways train, you know, like guys plan to take this professionally coming in with next month. Hopefully awesome. Sounds good. I said I wish you the best. We're in Scottsdale, Arizona. So our office is actually located in Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall. Yep. You're only a hop. Skip and a jump. Yep. Because all this man, yeah, no problem. You're welcome. All right, so we got Blake up next. Yeah it was. So it's going to be our last caller for today 7/3. Five five and after that this will be the last caller and then I'm just going to keep the live going and answering any guys as your questions and we go from there if Blake picks up. Hey, how's it going plate? Good. So the biggest thing that I would kind of Reverb at you, like I said to the the first call that we had you're looking into get in the markets respect the markets, but overall I think as a 19 year old kind of getting into it you have one thing you also have to realize is that you have a ton of potential so that potential that potential can go into two ways by respecting the market is going to turn into being humble. Stay humble as much as you can. You might see a lot of dollar signs coming in and you starting to learn you might be catching on to it. And you know, I've seen the vast majority of people turn around and all of a sudden they're buying 10 bottles at the club. You know, I mean the more the more you stay more you stay on the on the charts the harder you work and and you build up that income the more you can do with it later on and make boss moves, you know what I mean? So Sonny box and you know, I was going to go higher I lost all that. I want that 240 just because you know, I need clothes on position and that was a huge lesson for you. You know one time I worked, you know her landscaping company for the whole summer and I'm not going to lie to you. I lost 10,000. Wow, that was a huge mistake of my life. And so I think you've got the right mindset in that sense. A lot of times just just in life just being as old as I am if I could pass. Thing in life down to you as a younger person life is going to give you a bunch of shit that you just need to deal with right. So it's just going to make you stronger for the next situation each single time. You're going to find that a lot of things in life. You're going to find that is like it's easier and better to do things on your own until you find either the person or the group of people that is in the same exact mindset as you so you have to you have to protect whatever investment you have. You here to ankle because every six months I've created goal for those six months and I just follow through with them. So, how did you guys do that? Yeah, most. Definitely. I feel like it's actually a requirement that I should want for every for every person, you know, because that's just only going to keep you motivated and keeping you to task on what you truly want to accomplish, you know, so, yeah, so I do really require that for everyone, you know. I even stopped by being market for like five months. I mean I did demo training but you know that really worried about looking the market was worried more about which is the education knowing, you know, there are ways to trade and you know managing our money to apology was Heavy, you know, I was a psychology and neurology saying with the coloring time you put quick coin find time for lands on heads with that 6-1 lead to be no. Yeah, that's that's that's very true. Like you have to perceive yourself like that. I know there were times that I just needed a break from the markets and a lot of people are so content of always being involved in a training that they had to be trading every week like, you know, and and is always a good thing to actually reflect and take her mind away from it and sometimes You need that like, you know to actually, you know to reset your mindset and that's how you're going to really perfect your craft, you know, and especially how you talk about. Yeah, especially how you talk about how passionate you are when it comes to trading because some people are just doing their just just to do it like, you know, and they don't take it as seriously. So, yeah, so Yeah. Yeah, I wish I had it. Yeah, like your for your mindset. So if you can get that down this this Market is 80% mental 20% trading knowledge. Like you're if your mind is where it needs to be everything else will start falling right in place where yeah. exactly the resources that we have in front of us like today like, you know, so a lot of people, you know, you know, they have it or they don't like, you know, so it might take it might take Like showing the dark places at young age. It's just maybe volunteer, you know, I didn't grow up in great bang identity, you know have a lot of money. Yeah. Yeah, most definitely most definitely. Right. So appreciate you Blake for hopping on so more blessings to you and your trading journey. And yeah, we definitely will keep in touch. Yeah, no problem. All right. Yeah, most definitely. All right, so we have one more caller think it's Gerard. See if I can ask you find his phone number. Okay, there it is. Seven four five two. right Hey, how's it going? Doing good doing good. How about yourself? No problem. That is struggling with you in terms of your Junior analysis. You're pretty confident at the where the truth table whether it's a by itself, but then a fearful Marky comes in and also you just not like having a hard time in foreign market. Well every time little bit man. All right. Yeah say that one more time because I know your your your accident about like 2 different things. So you're at you're asking about the entry and what knowing when is the buy or sell? He's confident. He's always talking confident. All right. So this is where it comes to having the whole emotional state when it comes to having a fear of the market one. You gotta come in. You got to come into the market. We know emotions to you know, I would love to say you you have to have the Kobe Bryant mentality. You know, you have to be hella confident knowing that this is the trader you getting in you're going to make money in this trade and your take pride in your trade is going to actually hit your your TP. You can't be scared of the market because that's what the markets already doing. They're already making money up and down sideways collecting a lot of Was wrong positions wrong entry points hitting the stop loss left and right. So, is there any making money right your concern is how are you going to beat the market? You want to beat the market? So if you're getting into your entry got to make sure it's confident. If you feel like it's not confident then back out. It's not it's not it's not really worth going into the market when you're scared and you're fearing it because what the markets are. Already telling you that it's already one, right? So you rather want to get into a setup that your know that it's clean Alliance for your confirmations? And you can execute on those trades. Right. So you you want to get to the habit of doing that and not just getting into a trade just to get in their trade because in that you already lost like it's game over, you know, so that's how you can eliminate the fear of getting getting involved into any trace of that. You want to get involved with it. So just don't ever ever ever be scared of the market because the market the market will eat you up and it's going to right now the market is just trying to tell you that hey, I want all your money. I don't want you to ever trade again. That's what a stopwatch that's what stop losses for. You have your stop loss there for a reason right? So like, you know, you always want to be visiting your account, you know, at least like once it's three risk to reward ratio. So you always protecting yourself. You got to protect yourself like that's just like we're going to use this analogy like, you know, like if you meet like the love of your life and for example, let's just say the love of your life is the perfect treat set of right and you want to you want to get moved with the perfect trade setup Your entry is going to be obviously, of course, it's going to be important just like how you trying to get a girl's phone number is going to be important. Right? So you want to get that great communication want to get that good flow. Just like how you get an entry point. So if you're not using no stop loss and say you you met her and you're not using no protection. You're blowing yourself out the water already, you know, so like you you want to protect yourself. You know and getting it getting into the trade and like I perfect now, I'm trading smart. Now. I'm dealing with this person smart right like you want to look at that from that kind of perspectives on perspective. Right? And as the trade is going along you can use your state your your stop profits for your stop loss and it just set it and forget it if it hits your take profit cool. If it misses your take profit close, you know, you're getting paid to being patient not getting paid. To be in Rush, right? So secure profits close and that's it. Oh and just for someone that's on the live and babies equals a blown account. Perfect. Like that's how I look at it. Like when I looking at trade on my damn, I got another baby. I blew my account. Wow, like I'm not trying to accumulate so many babies because I don't want so many damn blown accounts like, you know protect yourself. Life will always protect you damn. That was good. Whoo follow up on that. I would think about it like this fear gets you nowhere. Yeah, if you're gets you nowhere you so it's just like it's just like how you you Talk to a lady you think you're gonna get hurt by being scared know everyone wants a confident man. So it doesn't have to be the best looking man. But to be confident very confident think about it like this as well. If you don't get into a trade because you're afraid of the entry then the market has one if you get into the trade, there's a 50% chance that the market is going to lose which gives you better odds. So you always want the odds into your favor. So if that helps you become more of a beast to say Hey, hey, I lose one hundred percent of the time if I don't take a risk or I have a 50% chance of taking this money from the market and the market losing so I need to get into this trade take it just make sure that your stop loss is the correct risk management and at that point who cares whether you win or lose because regardless is going to be a lesson just don't over-leveraged and you'll be all right. That's that's the most greatest factor when it comes to four people trading. This is that was over leveraging. I'm like, why are you always over leveraging that's like you Your mom every time you getting into a tray set up like stop robbing your mom sobbing mom be grateful get into the trade setup secure the bag and keep it moving his soul many other trades for a whole week when the market is open up. They so many trays that's happening, you know, depending on what kind of Traitor you are, right? So like, you know, just keep it as simple as possible. Like, you know, people shouldn't be making it complicated, you know, just keep it simple if you lose good. It's just a lesson. You're correcting yourself. Now, you know for the people that don't correct himself and then they wonder why they're not being profitable. It's because you're not taking it as seriously as you should be taking it, you know, you're just getting in there so you could be like, hey, I'll call 80 Pips. Do you educate yourself on 80 Pips? No, you know so like you got to educate yourself as you're winning as well as you're losing as well too. So when you do that, then you take your mindset and the perspective of trading to a whole new level. If you're going over there, everybody will take all your money. Go to Vegas and do what Their put it on black if you like all I said I got to say it is I'm gonna say this just once if you over-leveraged just make sure that you have enough to deposit right back. If you if you gotta ask yourself that if you cannot deposit what you just over leveraged on then don't over-leveraged you only hurting yourself. This is a long-term game not a short-term gain long-term, so Yeah. Right after this is the night that we just talked about the cop right? You know, I fuck a the market has to reset the for I look for an entry honestly like the market just opened up. So it's not just too much that you can get out of from an opening of a market on a Sunday. So I seen people have trade and they got it capitalize on trays that you know, they open up on a guy. Gap or they actually held trades over the weekend. Honestly, I like it's just like how my analogy I just like I put this perspective that I like to look at a book. Then open it first, right? Look at a book. It piques my interest, right? So just like how the markets open up. I'm not just gonna Dive Right In right? So I want to open the book up and be like, all right. I'm reading it and then I get a full concept of what I'm reading and what the detail of it, right? So I'm not just diving into because just because the market is just open up right like no it makes no sense. So you want to let the market flow give you a person's perception. What you know the overall trend is and then execute right when there's more volume within the day so starting from Tuesday. That's where you're going to have more volume starring. You know what London to opening for New York session so just don't dive in just because the market is open. I don't like even to trade on Sundays anymore because I've learned. My lesson is fucked me so many times, you know, so it's just like why star of the week being negative when you have Monday and Tuesday? Coming right up. So so Wednesday Thursday on those three days alone. They can make up for every trade. All you need really is 50 a day. And if I told you on Tuesday, you could trade and catch 200 on a pair in a day at that point. You just made four days worth of trade. So why take Sunday and Monday and force yourself to get into something we can just let it move. Yeah, like, you know, like we got it you got on the stand on market conditions as well too. So if you see nothing is moving, don't you? Going down you don't design worth it. Trust me. It's not worth it. Your account is going to thank you because I already have my account still looking in blue with no trades then rather than being hella read negative marginal close to Marginal and you're like damn that's my Sunday. So again, you know, just back to you know, one of my guys saying you don't want to you don't want to You don't want your account being a blown baby. You know, that's it. No, we don't we don't we don't want babies, you know equals blown account. So a lot of Traders will tell you that Sundays and Mondays are actually called trap days. Yeah, so, you know, don't trap yourself looking look into that if you're not familiar with it because the banks will mess with you on those days specifically. Do you guys have time for one more or yeah, shoot your shot. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I'm gonna say it one more time. I love it. But I will I don't like trading London like before like, you know, you got on sale like with Donald Trump since he's been elected London session has been completely dead like completely dead like and that was my session that I asked you used to love to trade when we don't want Obama wasn't president. But now, you know, we have Donald Trump like, you know, everything that's happening because he's trying to improve you know, there are US economy. So everything that's Trade base stats that moves during the New York session are the most volatile Pairs and those volatile pairs are during New York session. So all those players are always flying, you know, New York sessions a pretty long session. So so that's the session I'm always trading on. I'm I think Michael could also agree as well to you know trading Michael Michael session. I mean the New York session. Yes, if you want to catch the big moves you want to Have you know the good are wise, you know New York session as well as that honestly, yes funny, like you'll find that of course when you're looking at the primary currency of a pair. So your Euros or GBP like they're highly traded within London session, right? But you will find that based on correlation. So gold moves heavy late late late in the morning. Like what the 3:30 our time 5:30 Eastern right before New York opens, right? So when gold is really moving then it moves during York that's going to push GJ so you still might catch a lot of Pips on GJ even during New York because of how the u.s. Dollars moving or if you like to trade the indices the indices pairs are always going to move highly volatile during the New York session. Anyway, when trades are being taken for the stocks. So I tend I agree 100% with can in the sense that New York is the best one to trade your setups may come from from London though. So if you're looking at London the first few hours you should. Be able to look and find Future entries and take profits to be ready for let's say maybe a pending order if you want to set a buy limit or a sell limit or even a stop depending on where the prices at. You can get those setups with in London and then just watch everything moved during, New York. Okay. Thank you guys, and I hope you guys appreciate your man. Definitely want to see you succeed bro. So keep at it keep doing what you're doing. Okay? Yeah, most definitely. All right. Thank you. Take care, brother.