Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the question the last question that we were going to answer which is what made you guys come up with a podcast. Well, it was your idea wasn't it me? I was in the car listening to cold ones and fucking super mega slide. I will much Donna Parker. So I asked you and who we honor yeah do another few times but I never really knew what to do or like where to get started. So when you asked me to do it, I was like, yeah, but how are we gonna do it? And then you just, you know ended up doing it. Yeah, I just looked up. All I have to do is go on YouTube look up how to do it and being seized his arm. Anyone want to start podcast just look at look it up on YouTube. Yes. Anyway, oh, yeah. So yeah, I'm sorry about the way the last episode ended in the way. It started logging. Hopefully it doesn't happen this time. Yeah. It's starting to like a little bit but it's not too bad. Hopefully if it's not if it goes cuckoo crazy, then we'll leave it. I'll just record this week. Yeah, well record another time because I'm not doing this for four fucking time. Yeah, but anyway because this episode is going to be about dot feels Don't gaming an adult moments accounts we could talk about those and we're going to talk about irony. So blue you can go first. If you want you can talk about like the doc the first stop feels the car. Oh, yeah, just explain like and then just go around like talk about irony or some shit. All right. Well the first one of the first accounts that I've followed, probably Obama A game and he's like the most popular in the community has got the most followers. I think he's got like 25k probably more than that by now last time I checked the other like 25k most followers in the community. And I think he I think he was one of the fish everything you started behind link 2015 or something. Everyone so feel like follow them because they thought he was funny and he started making their own accounts based on like whatever character that did like role play as or whatever and make it into a game and account. And apart from him. I don't even know if this really comes as a game and account but they're spooked memes that MP follow them. He was quite funny. He just posted like random pictures without context nude always funny. Yeah, yeah, I'm not sure the furry are you tends to make fun of them and he doesn't at the same time? Yeah, but he also he also he also like takes pictures of like this Fox Daily. I don't know if it's his pet fox by I think is I think it's because it looks like that Pokemon that he likes. Maybe they always forget the name. It's got like it's it's a fire type. Yeah. Torchic you know, it's a fucking Fox not bird if you know just fucking just let us know but anyway well also I was going to say happy st. Davids date anyone, who's well, oh yeah, you don't know what Welsh's look it up its country in Britain, I'm from Wales I was born and come Marvin hmm. It's fucking be lovely country. I like even though I've moved away and I lived in England. Longer than I've lived in Wales that because all I'm about to because I moved on my birthday in what in well, so I spent seven years in Wales moved on my birthday came up. It's England notes about to be my 15th in a couple weeks. So and now I've and it's it's I'm about to beat England for eight years. So it's longer than I've been in Wales for yeah, it's sort of embrace it as much as I can though. I try to keep like my Welsh side living in me, and I'm going to teach myself the language. Yeah, I'm fucking good luck with that. That's like the oldest language ever seen. You it's what the thing is most I can recognize the language straight away. If I see if I see writing on something that if it's like the way it's written I can I can I know it so well, so I instantly know it's well, you can tell it's Welsh because nothing else looks like it you can tell when it's well sure. Well, no, if you go to Europe and you go to Switzerland or some shit, they've got like a similar the way they write out their language similar and that's all. Well, my friend said I went up to them as like what was this language here? And one of them said like Danish the other ones had Swedish like yeah. Mmm, that's not as well. Well fair enough and because I've spoken language a bit before I've just kind of forgotten. I used to be a nice to be able to count to 10 that you're jealous. Oh, yeah. I used to brag about it in my in my old school and then as time went by I lost my accent and hmm. I've got bits Wang like like you can you can hit you indefinitely it in my voice a little bit. Yeah. The way I pronounce some words. but yeah, I wish I had a Welsh name. I wish I wasn't cause Josh. I wish my name's like and drama. I think my name is well should think it originates from Wales because like there's a different spelling for it, which is the Welsh felon, and I think it's just like the same name what you've changed it to sound more English. I think the Welsh waves Belarus has Ry s. Yes. I hate Ys or something and I've known a few people who have got spelling, but I think mine's just changed to sell more English. I think the same name. You know, but we're getting off topic anyway, yeah. Let's be talking about irony accounts. But anyway, you know, I'll be st. David's day to anyone who fuckin knows what it is. Probably no one, you know. I'm well. I don't I'm not going to really exactly be celebrate that today. But actually because just brings if you don't know what it is. I'm just going to quickly explain what it is. So you don't have to look it up st. Davids think David is this like I forget who he is or he's like some sort of purpose and shit like some sort of I want to say Crusader. I have generally forgotten. It's been so long since I've heard about but like the day he died people made it made it like an International Day for Wails what we used to do we when we go to school we just used to do activity we used to do cooking because like a food in Wales is the leak like the vegetable and then we've got daffodils as well, which is a Welsh flower and actually illegal to pick him. Well, so if you pick one in Wales, then you're gonna get yeah, you can probably get fined for picking that the doors. Yeah deals. Wow. It's legally I'm being so that the boys would wear leaks like they would have a have badges in the boys would walk around wearing leaks and the girls would walk around wearing daffodils and you would be able to dress up like let's say it was 500 BC it our school would look like 500 BC Wells for the day everyone would walk around wearing the fucking robes and shit. Yeah, we do activities is really fun. And I really love it. I try to embrace the culture as much as I can. Anyway, because I'm getting off topic I might as well talk about irony. So I am actually talkin about spoke about how I'd found it yet, but I was on I was out with a friend and he knows pardon me. He follows an account called them Doom guy gaming. He showed it to me. I lost my shirt because it was he was just making like do matter and do maternal. Yeah. I still follow him. I don't know if it's the same one and might be a Current one by now. But yeah, I still follow him. Yes. Um, you're holding good gaming as well and I found him and I used to steal all this shit. Yeah, he's to make SpongeBob means as well. Like it would just look like you just take drawings that look like they were made by a fucking A guy who was probably between the ages of 4 and 25 but so are used to just take them and repost them and T message me being like why are you requesting my shit? So I didn't know it was you you put your mark. So I took them down blah blah blah all that shit. Mmm. And he was the first account. I still like him though is and then I found Samuel Hayden gaming Brody feels prank the cop Nene and Frank macaque Nene is actually how I found blue night gaming. Yeah, that's how I joined my channel gaming because before that I was Kirby's corner, you shouted me I was to he was like fucking, you know, Castle crushes irony exists follow him and then you followed me. So we coolness. Okay, because I'm quirky by the way, but hmm. Yeah, so I followed them lumely and that's how that's how I'm at happened. Yeah, but anyway, we've got a bunch of questions here and we would like to like you too. I wouldn't read them. But like last time it fucked up the recording blue. Would you be able to get them? I'll see if I can yeah. We should have I should have written down not wrote. That's not written. You saw my vocabulary. You still there? That's the when I still am. Yeah, you're still here. It's still recording. It's gone laggy there whenever I try and go on to Instagram it fucking start slogan. Fuck I think I remember some of the questions then. Yeah, I think one of them was what do you think? Tuchman three two one asked? What do you guys think of like the dot feels and yeah, it's and all the oven like accounts who's going to answer this first meal and I will all right. Well, we first knew him red knife feels before we had redneck game any we're originally asked them to be read like gaming but he didn't want to change it sort of turned down the offer so he decided to stay as a field and then when we got a redneck game and you know, he stopped off and after that a thing like red line feels didn't really use yours really active after we got red night gaming and then yeah, I don't remember that it jealous. I think yeah, even though we did ask him for it. 27 hours in a way he got jealous of anyway, I don't remember the last time he actually did but he was he was friends with banks night Damon. Last time he was actively what it was. It's 16th of January some show. Yeah. But I can describe all the all those all the fields on the document read night. Redneck Fields is a y'all be made a Zone means you just can post whatever I put in the group chat because I was stupid. I used to I used to send like the videos so you could save them any just save them post them. I thought he said like I'm going to stalk and original soon and he posted like one picture and then didn't post again. He hasn't since yeah, I'm going to describe the feels and I'm just going to describe the moment. There's the feels again the moment to dead fair enough. Don't gaming gang for Life. Yeah are used to make Joe. Remember I because I originally I wanted to do a Super Meat Boy feels because there was a there was a fucking there was a dr. Fetus feels I was like whoa, whoa can't someone go with him. So I was going to do that. Unfortunately, I don't want to be a doctor feels I'm already dot gaming. Yeah. I know and I also own chicken dog gaming which aren't posted on him. Two months, so I need to do that. Mmm. Yeah, but yeah, and then in frogs frog in dot gaming asked do they like frogs like the whole Community? Probably? Yes. That's the man. We like frogs but don't know if everyone else likes frogs, like what like I said in the last fucking episode I have images on my phone of just frogs playing instruments. Yeah. yeah, and I follow like fraud meme accounts on my personal account just for me pictures of frogs like frog moments and frog fellows and fucking frogs fucking dying funny account you the the other question was by river ocelot gaming the dock gaming Got Game. He's a dog gaming is dying any opinions on I was a bit confused by that because yeah, I'm still good. I'm still I'm still gonna light up quite a bit. Yeah. That's I don't know what he means by the gaming communities Diana. Well, I don't know of any everyone posts as much as they used to anymore. I haven't really been in the community for that long, so I don't really know. Been like book, you know photos because we're sort of our own Community that's been our life arose present about everyone else. Yeah cast because it's just the cat. It's a it's Castle Crashers and Dot gaming mix. Yeah, so he I reckon it's because it depends like what what you do as well like if you were fucking let's say Mario Mario, Blogspot Mario Blogspot, I don't have fucking pronounce his name, but he's like kind of adopt Fields account the same as Luigi Blogspot or whatever Luigi started in like February, I think and it got up to likes it like 2,000 followers. And marry the person who does the Mario one is what fucking I'm trying to think 4,000 followers. until you he fucking is because the I think it's because the recognizable characters and that's why yeah, and if you make like OC memes that alike related to what character you know, or what like what game the characters from or whatever the from it makes it sort of funnier and more original. That's what gets you follow was like that's what I did most most of my memes. Oh, so we'll like the majority of them like my Alias post when even means they were just like things I'd find on Google about Casa crushes on just put them up. But then I just started making my own memes and that's all it did. Well compared to everything else. That's what I do most and what I try to do the most making your own original memes. I forget what the last question was. It was like only for questions, but I'm scared to check and create in case the recording stops again. Yeah, maybe I can do it on my laptop. Hold on. This is going to take awhile. But but seeing as we're on the topic of the I know. Yeah, you do you want you see the question then it was from Kaiser Willie Raisa some you said become a racism account. Become a racism account. Yeah, I've already said some some not very nice words on like I'm a post which include heat words and kind of the Discrimination. So yeah same I don't really think of that funny anymore to be honest. Like I used to think it was funny but like it gets old after a while and gets quite repetitive and unoriginal and I don't know think it's funny anymore. I still Still sometimes find some other people's jokes funny, but like the ones that I made like shit. Yeah, I saw your Hitler one with the Barbarian and I've still got that. Oh, yeah, I forgot to delete that one. It was funny. It's fine. If you delete it now freeze time if we all stopped talking to each other and you remember the account and all the details you would log in or some shit. I don't get each other because we're doing a fucking podcast and I'm hoping to meet you soon. So yeah. but that's that's so I would keep all your old post up just in case one day. Yeah, I'll keep them up. Yeah, look at them. Yeah, I've kept all my know. I don't think I've deleted one yet. But I have them. All right, I think we're ready racist enough, but I try I yeah, I want to be too racist because then people are going to be like a fucking cunt. Yeah, and he's okay if I make if I make fun of my own race, and I guess it's alright if I if I just got no. Well. Yeah, if I start calling myself boyo or fucking Bush, yeah boy. No, but if you go if you Lou Walsh person boyo they take effect as something they take offense why it's not a fucking joke. Honestly, I'm not sure myself. I think it's because it's like a whole new thing to do with like trans things and just calling someone by oh, you can't call them by your boy. Okay. yeah, but um So we've answered all questions and I'm going to describe what's going on the irony in all that shit. So this is episode. I hope you enjoy the next episode hopefully should be longer because I want to do we've got a few episodes in mind before yes on I've got an episode idea where we just talked about because here in Britain for some for some reason if you go into like, If you go into like London and I go into the not the main city, but like a big part of London or if you went into like Bristol Bristol Town, you can find like a lot of weird chicken shops. Mmm. There's a place there's a place by Miracle favorites chicken. Like so instead of what you mean KFC and all that shit. You've got like fucking favorites chicken and fucking popcorn popcorn in a box. That's that's one and then you then JFC JFC. Yeah. I don't live by one, but I know they exist. Yeah. I know. I know if you're funny ones. There's one not far from me and like town of Liverpool. There's one cut it it's called the cold KFC. Where is it says what it stands for it stands for crunchy fried chicken, but with a cake. I think it's shut down now because I haven't seen the shutters being open for like with in nearly two years or something. But like the science still up. It's both for me and there's another one. Yeah, it's not in Liverpool. It's in a place called The wittle. It's like over the over the river that separates the two areas and over there. There's a place called chicken hut and all they do. They just sell like you know that you know them boxes are chicken that you got in like Iceland like if I'm like microwave and shit, like I think the called like Nicole like s Sales, and you just sound laugh. That's only because they just sell it. I was literally just about to talk about that. You can buy like they have like this off-brand chickens are being sold in from foods and fucking little. Yeah, that's always they just sell like Farm Foods Jeff and put the coffee for you didn't the doctor so you can love it and they just they packaged it in the bag and on the bag it just as I said, but anyway, yeah going on about and the other topic I wanted to talk about was British humor because early 2000s and like late nineties British humor was It's weird. Like if any American watch this weird, but like me and my over friend in school and me and him talk about angry angry kids a lot. And if you're American don't know what Angry Kid is. I've look it up. It's funny Little Britain and come fly with me there too funny shows. Yeah. I'm pretty sure the Little Britain has been in aired on the US before probably because there's Little Britain USA Which is a carries a little America Little America big America. Yeah. Yeah. But anyway, we're not going to go into too much detail because those episode safe for another time and yes episode. I hope you enjoyed it and we were hoping to see you later in the week actually got to finish this time without at Logan else. So, you know, that's good. Yeah, we get to say goodbye without it being like and just this week. Yeah. Yeah, I think in the future when we ask questions instead of having to switch over on and look at I think I'll have to write them down so that way yeah. Anyway, I just I thought yeah, I thought we'd have to do that. We'll do that. Next time stay tuned stay tuned to on episode 3. This episode will come out this Friday. I've gotta like edit and all that shit. I'm hoping to add music to the background of this. Yeah. Maybe you can you can do that. You can there's this one come to nothing like, but anyway speak to you and speak to you all later, and I hope you enjoyed this podcast. As I've said, yeah, thanks for having me, you know keep your questions coming in and we'll be sure to answer them when we can I don't know what you say what you say. Thanks for having me you always gotta be on the fucking show. You don't know. I don't know all right, or else to an episode 3. This was episode to the fucking I forget the title fucking Castle cast. This was episode to the Castle cast. Are you really an top gaming account? So yeah, do you later? Why? Yeah, right.