So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that motherfucker. You got a thing to put 18 Grand into it. He could have paid off his house got a new car. They found that in that rocket. You probably did this probably had he's probably just eating fucking bars of soap and pennies. So anything new this week, Michael. No, we just started. Yeah, I did banging on my door for two hours. Yeah, I need wake up. So what are y'all what exactly transpired so Michael is talking like we're going to we're going to record. He's like, yeah, I'm sure so I can hear is about 5:30 don't walk in. No walk in the garage. And I was like, oh the doors locked so starting off of the door. Hoping that my dear friend. Michael will come to the door. Let me and that was not the case. So I proceeded to bang on the door for 30 minutes and then I'll found his keys in his car. So open the door and I come in and I eat some chicken nuggets that he bought me a drink some milk and I turn the TV on because I thought he was he's so without her somewhere. So I got living in the house. I found him asleep in a room. No woke him up. Somebody's light here in his fucking underwear like What the fuck? Did you get in my house? That's not anybody's to be exactly when you just imagine that. What's the so before I was going to tell you about a movie that I watched, but before I get into that I want to start with. And do you think Shia LaBeouf is okay? Seeing lately, but last time I saw him I did not think he's on to do you think he's doing good? Well, the firm's out there's a reason for that that is on the agenda. And yeah like to move like Carlos this movie is called honey, boy. He is really good and is about his life. And he played his dad and his dad was a fucking prick like it was like 5 years is doing his movie because it's been going on for a while ever since he did the do it. See how thing about this is because I was looking at like Shia LaBeouf so you can you can tell me Calabro that was like a lot know the last one was the last Transformers movie before he lost his fucking mind the last Transformers movie. He really went. The deep end after after after 2012 he lost his fucking mind if I was him at all say equalize those trip yesterday. It was but it's not like he lost his mom, but he's all he also made really good movies. If you watch them. They're really good like bro. Have you seen him? There's just saying, you know Sway in the Morning. Yeah. He did. They do this Five Fingers of Death. It's like five different my old school beats. I got freestyle over it Shia LaBeouf is on there. And he freestyles the Five Fingers of Death. Yeah kills that shit. Really? Yeah. That's awesome. I'm going to watch that watch that shit is so funny to watch that but he was in like very distinct movies before like using Transformers Disturbia Eagle Eye holes Yuri. Did you watch Purity is really good quite a bit. Is that to form with like Brad Pitt? Yes covid about the tanks. I don't know. He's in there because really good movie. He's really good in that movie. He's in a new movie called peanut butter falcon. No, it's about it. I don't see no previous on everything. It was like I think is Oscar almost won best picture or something like that and it's got him and the students got out of down syndrome like the actor does his things like Zach something. So it's like some of the G. He's been on like social seeing on social media lately with that guy. Sorry, and apparently it's a really good movie. It's I've heard nothing but good stuff about I was trying to wash the last night, but I gotta find What? funny boy movie he's playing his own dad in the movie. And apparently that was a fucking prick. Like this dude was crazy as fuck. No wonder turn out like you did and it goes back and forth like from when he was a child to about the time like he started really kind of all that stuff that happened sort of catching up with him and like he got put in rehab or whatever. It's pretty good me. I'd recommend it. I think he's watching you haven't you have Amazon Prime, you know, you did. Oh, so you just let me use it. No avatar Last Airbender is on Netflix. Yeah, I tried to get on Netflix from TV you need to sign into when I told you using it wrong. I told you that we're gonna move though. Yes, I gotta move. Avatar The Last Airbender they yeah, they brought they kept it going with Legend of Korra. It's like a whole nother show is like it's in the same universe different character though, but things like a lesbian or something because a lot of people were like, we don't scare me a fucking talking. We don't discriminate on discriminate. We don't discriminate. Yeah, and apparently she's my lesbian or something some work that bisexual. It's not really good kind of already understand it, but her delusion core was really good. It's already wrapped up in like three seasons. I was kind of won't watch that movie when you the same High School guy look like The Ice Dude? Yeah. Yeah. What's his name? I can't remember his name now. Our fact Checkers not here fact check God is in critical condition. I'm just using critical good. He got diabetes. That was the like blind why did but now I didn't mean to throw he's been working his butt off. Yeah, dude lost a lot of weight. That's what it's all about. I guess what? This will just make it easier. Yeah something I don't know. Well, I mean he'll be all right. I'm sure yeah fat chick. God will be back sometime sometime for right now he can he's not available. So right now we just have a bunch of one dollar bills as place. dirty ones Yeah, they were dirty weren't there. Oh, yeah Dirty Money. Oh shit soccer. That's what you used to look like. You still like soccer. Yeah, because people who don't know in high school, I made a dumb decision of what will can compare this to other than him. Like we're they have seen this haircut probably people what kind of person would be the dude. Dude, that perpetually smells like cigarettes. Yeah that guy under cut my hair is that really long hair and I just kept doing them. But all the time I hate that I hate that I did that. Hey man, you gotta do what you gotta do because I don't know I would rocking like the same haircut. I don't think I've ever seen you in a dip except like eighth grade. We had two long email here knows you're like of death. He's gonna stay out of school. What are you doing? Can you get that one? All right. Okay. So yeah, I wasn't a fucking death dude, though. I was just had long hair. Justin will get it cut. And they are grab her purse or getting friends was being yeah. We're in abercrombie's class. You know, I'm going with this yet. I'm sorry what I want when we were texting your sister. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, your dad hated me. Yeah. Well, they don't need more let's go don't think I should remembers let's go. Tell him no. Yeah. Patience. I was a young immature kid. If you listen to this, I'm not proud of it. How about any of how that even consider it? Like that doesn't make good sense. You say we started being friends, but you did a very very hateful thing it wouldn't you you were laughing? Why did ya you were you just admitted it don't even yeah you did. Oh you like the only dude that I don't know. What do the what was it? Like the jocks bro? Yeah, unlike the job that you were with the job. Yeah, hung out of all y'all but I was definitely wear a job. Well, so she as you're a free spirit job by association jbab heart I can hang with y'all sometimes when it came to sports things. But you know, I could you or out fast did you I don't know the first suplex we in what was that the house? Yeah and a little that foreheads quit after that game over. I thought crush your skull as hard as fucking dog is insane. There's some crazy. I just know that these are people that are listen up. Maybe we better jump these with this listenership up because we're about to drop some fat fucking cash on the bear with podcast facts. This is for the people do we're going to take a hit. Yeah financially financially we're getting fucked man. So I hope y'all ready y'all be able to hear my fucking heart beat I would say I would say probably around what are we on this for? Reverse it before we get to 10. I think we'll have them and add to the 4 episode 10. I think we'll have them I think and that's Optimism yeah optimistic. Why don't like fucking income chick come back. I'm gonna you know, we're going to ball out. I'm going all out. It's weird ball out all out till fall out in this pack. That's right packing dips ripping lips touching tips twist and grips and getting fucking whip. Okay? Yeah, that's got me. What us that whatever you were with forever with everybody rednecks. You're up. Yeah, you're dirt bikers. Terrible a commercial fisherman and tip touches. Hell, yeah as you being keep cute lgbtq+ most letters. Yeah, there was something that It makes me so mad. I heard everything is ours. I guess go blank. Notebooks incoming sometime know what else all today. Oh, you got it. What did you say nothing? I was showing you earlier about Michael Jordan. Oh, yeah. Welcome. I'm in no way make fun covid right thing. And I don't know anybody makes my Kobe Bryant dying is not a friend of mine heard that but he was speeches Memorial Day and he was crying and he was like, I told my wife I wasn't going to cry because I don't want to meet with me for the next three or four years. Yeah, because I don't know if y'all remember but that that means like eight years ago. I don't know man. I still love it still is so you can really get around. I was watching it though and is making me cringe because he wasn't wiping the tears off of his face was like getting all right here in his nose nose fucking nose is running and stuff and I'm just like that hurts me. I don't like when people do that. I'm just like, please please fix yourself, so all God the that coronavirus V with it. We are the we are the number one spot for Coronavirus coverage. I'm gonna go ahead and tell you that right now. I just it just came to me. Well, I was gonna say for some apps on Snapchat today. So I'm going to take full credit that I can't lose idea right because I'm not that type of guy. You know, this is your Snapchat said and I quote. he said because you know the Congress Congressman for Alabama said that he was talking to Trump and some secretary and they canceled. Bringing them here. No, no bringing the victim the people who are know that This dude was like I think they're just saying that to get our minds. And so Alabama don't freak their shit in that they're already there because there's like helicopters and stuff coming in and out. Yeah. Well and I was like no, I mean that sounds like some fucking let's do it like this monsters are real. If we're being conspiracy carry on Twitter probably in the background. Yeah, you're out there pulling back closed his eyes that the freakin log is most you're worried about marah. Don't worry about her fucking pool in a pool right to be so obsessed with out loud watch YouTube videos till 3:00 in the morning of sounds of the Loch Ness Monster sightings of the Loch Ness monster. I was fun. Holy shit just to stick out more. I guess even though it has been a giraffe in the water. So the giraffe yeah, you're eating or whatever whatever walk mass is same thing. But sir for the is Sweden's got chocolate scone makeup depression and hit their wives. Those are all Scottish. I'm just kidding but not a lot in this monster eyes never obsessed with lot Bigfoot because what a Bigfoot what about always fucking shove this Watch calls and shit, but fucking around Bigfoot this episode of Raw here, bro. I'll so funny. I don't know what TV show it was there trying to find catch Bigfoot. His these redneck most. Have you ever seen that TV show dude Finding Bigfoot. Is that what it is? Oh, yeah. Well it was that was probably the funniest and everything you ever heard of do the squash call out the fucking woods and have them up either way. Don't submit keep back to him. You know, I feel like Like I felt we've been trying to do that find that out way too long. Yeah that it's just not. Can happen worried when I can find Bigfoot. I feel like somebody would have thought there's no you know some there was probably some stupid dude dressed up. You know, I just saw some I saw him one time. He's a whole fucking shit. They're super video where they like the way he's walking through the he's perfectly walking just not looking at the camera like this like, okay looks a little shaky and shit. Shut the fuck up Jimmy. Damn. He's got to get the perfect shot that's fucking it's like four seconds worth of fucking footage. It sounds like the first time everybody start freaking out right now. There's TV shows on it. Now. There's a couple conspiracies that I follow my lead on still make look the big shark bro. Yes. What was it? They only have like four percent four percent of the ocean like discovered. We've discovered more of those Shore more of the universe that we have our own OSHA. That's Terry bro. Just like hella scared bro. I can't I can't go into like a light like a deep plate and look underwater and open my eyes because it freaks me out. Yeah, because I you just see darkness and then they'll the lights going like the light from the sun and going all the way down dark scares me really bad. I was like a fucking Mario shrimps, bro. There was a there's a document. I was watching about the D like that like how deep it is. Yes, but it was like the animals and they say like they had to animate them because they can't actually go down there and find them has a pressure so crazy not you you wouldn't even be able to get close to the bottom for the pressure. Just yeah. So in today's really G and there's a 30-foot jellyfish-like because they they like found it or something. They found one of them somewhere, but the reason aren't They like don't they light up? Yeah, we don't have any white. Yeah, they have to make their own are all like clear pigmented because they're like Crystal the like you can see right the room. It's like really dark like the pitches of black know something called the fish with the fucking thing angler anglerfish. I think it's funny. My bro. Nasty-looking brother Feng Animo don't even come close to the what the way like the grill and yeah. Yes, I got all these fucking technical you're just flows. They don't swim. Just plugged until something comes up on and then eats it I'm gonna love this show and how deep because what Mariana Mariana Trench Mario something. That's the deepest part of the world. Right? So I it was showing how really relatively how deep it is on the Empire State Building can fit down there and it still wouldn't touch the surface. Yeah, and I was just like that's a big old buildings. This is something you can turn up turn Everest upside down and it still wouldn't tell you I still wouldn't touch the surface area. That's crazy to you. I saw a bunch consider thee. Conspiracy theories lately. No. Yeah what she wants to want to stick us. All one I think is on tick tock. and it was there's only been one guy ever that flew over the North Pole and he said when he flew over the North Pole that there's just a huge hole like but hold on Earth. Yeah. What is it was that do and he said it was UFOs and aliens flying around inside there and stuff like that. And because now it's illegal. You can't go to the North Pole why you can't Why don't you can't father? I know I can fly over there. Oh shit. So like the conspiracy theory was that alien like the Earth inside its Hollow. Hmm. There's no core is just a lie, and that it's just the aliens were basically running our planet looks like there's a movie like that is called the abyss. It's like the ocean. Yeah. Well they go in Version are looking for science, you know some kind of fuckin science Expedition with this farce for seeing shit different when really different looking like all these lights and shit and it's like a three hour movie but it's really good CF freaks me out. So you just like the aliens had been on the island had been on our planet the whole time. They just put a living underwater. Then we pissed them off and then they showed they fucking they start making this big ass wife that has basically sort of the whole movie. Movies been out since like the late 90s, but sorry, she's seen it already. You know, they got this big fucking they're about to wipe out like the whole fucking like like the whole United States and States like hey old the fuck out and then they're like communicate the aliens communicate with him through TV broadcast because it can't speak the same language. Yeah, he starts communicating with like Just shit those on TV like a bumblebee. Did you can transform using the radio is so cool crazy. It's worth watching really is if he found out yeah, that's that's something that boggles. My mind is how technologically advanced we are. But we feel like we did pair yet to make anything that could even go explore any of the odd-even Marianas Trench or underwater and all just those in general. I feel like I thought everybody's scared of those obviously our Focus. Everybody's first figure. Yeah, I'm his son. Tell me I'm not a scared of sharks and more. I'm sure if I saw what I would be pure my britches. Yeah, it was bad ass hole shortcoming. Yeah. Well, I I'm always scared just like, you know God Beach and going into the water but like now deep sea, I'd be so scared to fall off and getting that water. I'll be like hey, there's going to be a giant squid come and get me or something. There was something those are still real. What is this? Yeah, man. Oh, let me see if I can find this. It's a it was a it was some kind of some kind of a monster that they say is like still alive, whatever purpose. Oh shit. It's a it was like the comment they gave it a name. It was like a girl's name or something. It made this loud fucking noise when the water and they gave it a name marinade they gave it. I don't know man. They gave it a name. Are you looking at that earlier? It was made this loud noise and bloop. That's what they call it. The bloop was one of the loudest underwater sounds ever recorded and then they Associated to with a animal. Yeah. Yeah. They Associated some kind of creature. The blue was one of the last underwater sounds ever recorded hydrophones underwater microphones more than 3,000 miles apart all captured the same noise. 3,000 miles per hour that's crazy researchers at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric add Administration, which were first recorded the bloop couldn't figure out what had caused it, but they knew it was something special. Wow. I don't try to claim this as my own. This is this is all the vice and plagiarism was all yeah. This is all box.com. It's unusual as sounds recorded on all sensors. We have deployed said bobsie act the manager of the Acoustics program for NOAA. A British ship or whale when it makes sound in the ocean isn't big enough to be recorded all the way across the Pacific. So apparently there's some fucking down there making all kind of noise and we must pissed it off or something got a big bite out of a Dasani water, but it's a big ol thing then yeah. You got a fucking you got some pliers because you got a big bite of a Dasani bottles pissed off. He's pissed off man. He got it. He got it. He was like to fish when I was talking about this man to bag full of trash. He's pissed so fucking lights the whole ocean of I'm telling you man. We're gonna keep pissing someone off and it's going to wake up. Keep the photos should not Overlook the social you want to hear some fucking crazy shit room metal straws all 2020. That's right. We got to save as I save her with this plastic water bottle. But Ivory use this for my Ford a stream. So to washer I just put water in it. Anyway, you know, so we paid, you know, we paid we paid up. We I think we paid Chara think it's chatter like the u.s. Pay China lots of money to do something with our trash don't know so they just threw in the ocean. Why would they send it when we send it over there all about and then they just threw her all notion that hurts me but and then another thing China produces more waste and like more waste in the ocean. And what is it like CO2 emissions? Yeah, it releases more of it than that. We other countries combined probably us. Yeah, well maybe result really sought to we are just cut down a lot. But yeah, obviously I said, you know, I mean if we don't cut this down by 2030, we're going to burn to death. Oh, yeah. Well, that's the thing. This fear is just going to be obliterated when the u.s. Puts out a lot but it's nothing really compared to China and I'm not fucking like every block chowtime just has a factory. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised most of them. Are you a saint that is true? They're just Outsource. It's a it's crazy man. It's really they put up more than I think Sweden has the lowest amount sweetened his legs Swing the Sweden Germany does to Norway empty bro. They're like the greatest countries. No, I mean, I love being America Freedom baby. But like, I don't know if it's Sweden and Norway one of them has free college and free healthcare is Norway and they have like the lowest crime rate, you know. You're nothing crazy going on in Sweden or Norway? Not even like no like terrorists shooter and like they're just big Chillin in the snow. But you know, there's a fucking there was a mass shooting in Germany. I none of that round was that couple week last week a couple weeks ago crazy really don't know Rhythm new somewhere, but, you know, frankly Journey, but well, it's Australia still on fire. I don't know they were I mean that what going into the new year they were because everybody's like, I know we're all celebrating the new year, but we should not forget the fact that I'll show those off our install. Okay? Okay, the fire that it went out finally they say the koalas Wells that was a big big thing in Australia bush fires burned a globally unprecedented area of forest. Wow, they literally it was like my most of they did it. They wouldn't stop today would have liked being a very like a big threat. It's kind of like because the rain forest on fire one point, you know, remember that, you know, it is more than 50% would have burned like that's like a main source option to like the world. Well so big it is so that's what emotions but the thing about it is if you really read about the Amazon like the big rain forests are most worried about the Amazon rainforest because multiple rainforests throughout the world The Amazon rainforest does produce enough oxygen for the entire world for like however long? Yeah, but all the oxygen is produces all the oxygen produces everything that's in the rainforest breathes it up before it can leave the rainforest because there's all the plants all the animals no intensive over like two thirds of. Oh, yeah for sale. I mean, I'm Priscilla but South America. Yes. Look huge. I would not wanna go there though that I have. No part of me is like, yeah. I want to go to the freaking Amazon rainforest. Hey everybody. Single tiger the fucking plants is yeah everything can't as far as Venus flytraps the sounds of me thought you and your so rip your head off dude. Yeah, man buries it like the whole rain forest itself breaks up all the oxygen and produces because there's so much life in it. So, you know you talk about how if half of birds yet fucking sucks, but it really won't affect the rest of the world. Yeah, it'll affect the ecosystem of southam it'll definitely but it'll definitely impact the ecosystem around the world news. She's like that but oxygen still have got there won't be as clean here. Yeah, that is true. But another thing is I didn't hear about that until after it was like 20% burned. Yeah, they were like, yeah, that's crazy though. No thing that involves are in our atmosphere that in the Middle East. Is on fire the whole thing was on fire her some amount of his on fire, but the air quality was so bad why people cannot leave their houses like bullshit without like them respirators and it was like I saw a video on Twitter is like a month ago, and it was like, it looks like some apocalyptic stuff because this is red outside. They're like dust and like everything like there was a damn there's there's a there's one place in the world. It's so high up that you can't like if you go up there and you start to spend Over long you like that well fuck Everest but it's a place where people live to Villiers our Village People. And you know, there is these together occurred to you. Yeah. It's like it's like ingrained in there whatever to be able to breathe in that kind of cloth alight. So if you any of your like regular people go there they look like they'll like have heart attacks actually makes sense. But because being born and being so used to different sea levels, yeah in altitude. There's a think that's the thinner the are kind of going on Mount Everest. Do you understand? You're freaking passing out if the higher you go so less amount of temperature required to boil water the higher you go back. You know, how are you like, it's not much. Like if you go on top of Everest, it's like 180 degrees will water. So it's like a hundred seventy eight. It's nothing crazy. But theoretically the higher you go you could boil water 32 degrees. You could boil water freezing. That's weird. Yeah, the higher you go up somewhere also freaks me out is I just now like two years ago started going up to Everest like clean off the bodies of people that didn't make it to the top right now. I know how many bodies are up there Matt. Yeah. I mean people about dialogue because there's like Never climbed a mountain before now. I'm a climb Mount Everest. You know, I saw it on Twitter or Pinterest. So I'll just go after your dreams. Yeah, I'm a climb Mount Everest because I'm not used to thin air. It's crazy because it's storms for like six months if it's storms don't go up there because you'll die. You won't make it to the first fucking tent or Worse checkpoint right. Now. You're making up that that's something that number of it's like couple family. I feel like it'd be cool to climb that but you need to need to be climbing like Kilimanjaro. Maybe you're like the one in America. Whatever st. Helen? Yeah mount say it. Well, that's a volcano. That's a my luck. I get their needs fucking blows ass up here Yellowstone supposed to blow up. That's that was in 2012. I mean not in 2012 in the movie, but I was I was the main way to Earth was going to come to a hanging Yellowstone the world's a fucking crazy place. everything Gilley everything now, it's nowadays seems like it's on like An eyelash away from something messing up the whole world was going to blow up then do you know speaking of that? Do you know what the LHC is? Los Angeles fault line send you the San Andreas fault line LHC is Large Hadron Collider and it's in if in Sweden or something like that Poland Austria, it's been more than five countries. And what they do is take two atoms and they shoot them as close as they can to the speed of light and smack them into each other and see what happens. Wow. Okay, so it's going to get a lot worse. It's going to get a whole just think see how let's try to well, you know, they study it or whatever. You know, why Blow this place up the speed a lot and then come back at each other because nothing can get to the speed. I mean, but then come back at each other. Yeah, they get him as close as I thought I'm very smart they start to at one point and they both go in opposite directions around the circle until they smack into the quad. So it's a Large Hadron Collider. They smack into each other. You see what happens that's basically the dumbed down version of it, but we call me dumb know what they don't tell you like. He called me down cause he called me dumb. So anyway, I'll fight you shoot the fucking shoes to Adam can like each other and then nothing happens. They hope here's a hope. Nothing happens. Dude. You can literally have an atom and you split it. Okay, will you buy just if you split an atom everything blows up? Yeah, it's like a nuclear explosion fucking crazy. It's a new that's what I'm saying. So you think if you had them close to the speed of livestock an h-bomb h-bomb, they didn't split an atom. They get it really really hot until it was about to pop and then it fucking blew up. So with the atom itself wouldn't break. That's fucking clear that Adam didn't even know it just like got it really hot. So at the one day job that was H bombs on Nagasaki and Hiroshima. So the album didn't even split, you know, like they made a get really soft. They would have split the atom and basically everything that was on that side of the world would have been gone. Well most of it. It would have been able to do the most nukes nowadays though. Yeah, we're the ones we have today are like that would split it. Well the ones we have today are nothing compared to that back those that aren't there like the ones the ones in the 40s that did all damaged and destroyed like fucking glass to fucking cities are nothing compared to what we have today. That's that every country's fingertips basically. So anyway large has required a fucking me smacking each other what they were saying is if they fuck one thing at once Slide fucking thing if they booked one thing up three things can happen when it could blow up. It's like a neat little fucking take that little country that's in off the map. That's actually the least worst thing that can happen. The second one is a black hole of black. They could start a black hole. Well, that's not even the worst thing that's naked worse. That's the second one the third worst thing he could create a vacuum bubble and throw off the entire space-time continuum. Oh, yeah, bro. Why are they doing this and why they've risking is just to say that I could do it. I guess so like ten dudes. Probably Max are like Thrones. Let's see if this blows up or other. Yeah possibilities. We could kill the entire human race. Well that clock up the rest of the universe for the rest of time and then nothing ever will be right humans made this but this humans not only do we make it good. We can't go the Mariana Trench. We can fucking make a deathtrap to destroy the entire fucking universe or at least throw it off a whack. We can get the book and bottom this thing. And another one got the these these people these smart fucking people humans have done amazing things with a past. However long we've been on Earth since however long we've been on Earth we've done tremendous things held up by the Dark Ages, you know, we have been in fired on yeah, that's while we have an organ that named itself. The brain named itself. Is that because when I was hurting my brain, oh my God, I forgot about that. Yeah, that is crazy. And then we also you know, we do all this with great thing. We invented basically the concept of love. We invented the concept of Happiness. We invented the concept of anger all this shit, but we also humans also lick each other's assholes like yeah, that's that's the fucking thing like we do these tremendous fucking thing. Well, not everybody just wanted some of those Well, you know what? I mean, they're not like ass holes look nice. I mean smart dudes might be like into that. It's crazy. All these fucking tremendous things these these Feats of science these Feats of Commerce Olive. Back to Ashley as you know, let me eat your ass like the paste, you know, someone's going to say by H bombs. Oh, yeah, that's so crazy something we can't even see now is it as its atoms not like in yeah. Look. Okay. How do you even get one? Okay senior we're going to I'm going to do an experiment watch this. There's a chance that whenever I put my hand on this table. Could blow up and kill both of us. There's a slim chance there's an actual chance that that could happen. But if you actually did is I got it's very slim Channel I got scared for you have the chance you have a better chance of winning the lottery every day for out throughout the year, then you do that happen out there, but there is a chance because what I'm touching I'm not actually touching the table and the table is not actually touching my hand that what's the atoms from the table and Adams for my hand are not actually touching each other. So if they were to touch Then they would blow up and kill us that I could make an h-bomb sitting right here. So you can make you can make a black hole Cedar I could but it's not gonna happen. Well, it might it might you never know. If we just sit here and do this. We do this till the end of the time it doesn't because if I go take a freaking shit and I'm going to get them get to go reach for a touch the toilet paper boom black hole and I'm just like man against me shit tickets from getting blown up man. That shit's fucking crazy. I mean, I'm sure you don't you said now okay the black if they create a black hole with this not bring whole. Okay. Well this not bring up the thing would we die or would we see this because it because the black hole is kind of like they said that's the only way of time travel would be a black hole. But which there's we don't even I think we only know of one in the universe and it's not even anywhere close like nowhere Neal. I would not that we adopt for well the thing about it is you don't know I mean, I mean, we don't know because we want no until that really they just theorize what happens when you go into a black hole, but nobody actually knows because it preserves been in one what they say happens is ice watch videos on saltybet on my oh, yeah, keep going whatever they say. What happens when you go into a black hole is your body stretches out the entire length of the black hole and by the time you're out you can see your feet going in. But what you would be looking outside it is the past while you're in the future. It's kind of a wormhole. We're all I mean, I don't think it's the exact same but it's a lot. It's a I mean would it be actually I know it's theorized but like obviously like you would it be Black the whole time and we die instantly once we got in there see I don't I think I don't think it's actually it would stretch our like when you say stretch our bodies it was strictly the whole we obviously will die. It will stretch you the entire way. I mean if you're floating in space and it's just you chances are you probably you probably already did. Yeah and you just so have your body so I happened to stumble upon a black hole then it'll take your entire body from your head to your toe and stretch through the entire length of it before you exit and you'll be See, I think that's what that was. I think that was what Neil deGrasse fast was I again could be wrong, you know, whatever but he said you'll be able to see your feet coming in to it as your head is going out of it. Because in space, you know, we make all these rules. We got these theories or whatever but the universe break later. They only know we have all these rules that humans set but the universe breaks all it's like a wormhole you had a piece of paper. You got a pin. No. Okay. Well, yeah we do but I'll explain it explain what I got here is a napkin and I'm going to take a pin. And I'm going to explain to Micah how a wormhole works. Okay, so you do this at home who are listening draw an X at the top of the paper. So I'm going to draw an exit and fucking John exit the top of the paper and then align to the other part of the paper the bottom of the paper. She's Top Line exit the bottom. Okay top X is where you are right now bottom X is where you want to be. But you can't get there. It's too far away. So what a wormhole does is instead of you going the length of it. You go through space and time which is what the paper is. The paper is based on time. Then we set the pin through napkin into X in through the to two exits. The Wormhole goes straight through it goes through space and time not it goes to try goes. I'm traveling. Yeah feature. Basically it goes through space and time instead of over it and you would stay. You'd still be like omelets be the same. Yeah time for you to the time your time will still be the same technically everyone else's they're probably not alive anymore because the way we're whole you don't know how long it takes you to get through. You don't know how long it is whatever but wormholes only existing Theory black holes exist in family, but wormholing System Theory. It's just a way for It makes it it makes it easier to explain. Yeah for for somebody I don't know but yeah, actually the top next to the bottom line between the two x's topics where you want where you're at bottom X2 where you want to be but it's too far away fold your paper with x's are stab a hole through it. You just made a wormhole. That's fine. Yeah, man, that's crazy though. First is I know says this is like very dumb down block sauce was one of my favorite subjects in school actually pay attention was like Amazed by it blows my mind. Honestly, like how our organs are perfectly sized to fit inside of our bodies grow without being you know, discomfort or feeling, you know, just stuffed stuff unless you eat them three pounds of Lis place. You know, I'm saying right I'll do that, but about that. How's my mom and then like the univ I mean humans and say we know about the you know about the universe as much as we want, but we really only know about our solar system. Yeah, we know what's going on here and they can say I many galaxies that are but the universe constantly expanding like as in like new galaxies. It's um, it's not what I do even know the closest galaxy to us. Is there even a That's something I'm sure there's one somewhere. I'm sure I'll be on YouTube for a long time. Now the thing about it is deep into that the unit will one thing that that is interesting to me. Like you said to him. The universe is constantly expanding the universe itself is not infinite there isn't him but they just continues to get bigger the thing about the universe. There's not there's not an end or there's an end, but the and just keeps getting bigger. So it we expanded so it isn't for you now well currently it's getting bigger there's an end but there's an but it keeps getting bigger so I can so you could say infinite because it's just going to begin bigger unless some unless stupid heads and fucking wherever Sweden yeah blow them atoms of here and then we're going to be 1/2 and then it's Dennis going to stop newer oh God shit's crazy got you I mean that's the thing I read a quote of things about saving King it said her nose Myron h p Lovecraft It said you will not be you will not be praised for for tearing the curtain off Infinity. That means if you go out and you find and you find what actually what Infinity is no one's going to be happy about it. If you if you pull the curtain behind everything and show what's actually behind the scenes. No one's going to be happy about it. No one's going to be proud of you. You're going to be the asshole. That's pretty scary Lovecraft was fucking crazy wrote during the 20s. And that dude was he was different. He wasn't famous when he was alive. He only got a cult following after he died like 20 years after he died people started reading his shit. Not even 20 Like it was probably 40 years after he died people started reading the things he put out. Yeah was kind of I saw me. I know we're smart. Yeah, I wouldn't say humans are dumb that we just dumb things. I don't really think I think making a noob was pretty dumb inventing a nude. Yeah. It's like pissing contest because like now we just have death is just one fucking head push away. Yeah for anybody but the thing is, what was that quote bonds? Because you know they forced on us time to make it in the was what was the name of that in the some Manhattan Project? Yeah. Oh, yeah, they basically for sauce. I make it like I'm like, I don't know if they threaten him or something, but he didn't want to make it obvious. He knew the effects of It kind of, you know saying for check check, but there was some quote he said about that that was like say we're actually Is it? something about death, I think but like that's the amount think we should be proud of that we made because like that's like that's like me and you Fightin and Chandler sitting over here and he gets hit in the crossfire. He's just some innocent guy. Hmm. He had nothing to do with it. Like that would be the same thing as a new like, you know, I'm saying. Yeah, like all these innocent Americans just chilling not doing nothing present at the time if this ever happens is slapping back and forth or Russia or whoever it is and they throw a nuke over here and they were just like a what what all right I think I found it he said oh no let's say come on for the fuckers yes ma'am he's the you know it was a big deal about a part of he's a part of Manhattan Project it's somewhere on here he wasn't but I was willingly doing it though was he I mean I may be wrong on that but I'm pretty sure from what I've heard before is that he was kind of forced into making One of those bombs for the u.s. Call it a great mistake is what was he German? I think so. But he's Hungarian Hungarian. No, no one those different dude. I do not what I do. Can I do not consider myself the father of the release of atomic energy. My apartment was quite indirect when I wasn't it. I'm sure he wasn't happy about it. Yeah, there's a Chloe I found it, but she wasn't happy about it. but that shit is intense. Yeah, I mean you got a point all these people don't do anything. The United States is made up of like what she told people brother. It's like the Hat there's a lot you got thing New York and California. Yeah are my big part they have most of the pot and nobody's big enough to be like, hey, fuck you Russia to make the piss them off. You know, it's really just like one certain person or the military does something up not hating. Military, I'm just saying like it's like it's only going to be a group of people that go down like a small group of people that are that are talking for the millions, but really they don't really they just make the decisions for us. And then yeah, that's what I don't like throwing shit against the wall and seeing what sticks. Yeah, but really, we you know, we don't play a part in it. It's not like we want to eviscerate the in like somebody dropping the ice like look at I mean It has and the quote was it's one of the greatest inventions will be one of the greatest Falls of mankind. Okay being a nuke because if you I mean if you think if a nuclear war breaks out. I mean one I think I think Russia has like the strongest new ground now like probably like the most strongest Newt right now. They have no it's not strong if they have the most or we're like kind of close together. You know, I'm saying hmm. We have a bunch of warheads on over there at They're not going to tell us where they're at. But we get the direct line, but they're extremely strong. You know, I'm saying well, so when that breaks out like it's just it there's there's nothing there's going to be nothing left. Hmm because you know, they drop some off like that. There's no there's no coming back from it. Oh, once you drop it it it's that not it's happening. That's just it there's really no way you're going to stop it from dropping. I'm surprised no idiot has been up in that new clear room and just ask the talking to somebody I actually sits down on the like new war button which I don't even think it's real what the new button well you know they have a new button well I mean everybody thinks they have a new button but I feel like they wouldn't just have it just put more layers because one asshole I was first day is going 200 and trip on it was yeah I feel like it's fake hmm like it's not really like going to set off every Warhead but you know I'm saying so like Cuz there was that thing going on. I don't know how many years ago I was but this was recent was it last year or the year before we were getting into we kind of pissed Rush all I don't knows when we bombed what you call it recently was a Syria think somos at Syria. I don't remember and there was talks of because Russia was like allies with them or something. They're like, yeah, we're going to drop a nuke on y'all. It was getting pretty serious and we were like and then Trump was just like well drop one back at you and say oh my okay. We don't need to start this because I'll be the war to end all wars board. I can't talk the wars to end all wars. Which would be the nuclear war? You know I'm saying right what you got a point. It's going to take one person, press the button for everybody else to press the buttons and we will wipe ourselves off the planet. I mean, I hate to get So Meta, but I mean, it's true. Yeah, that's that's literally the that's that's probably where where it would be headed. Anyway, it's not Makin A I like Like people and not like dog not there's that doctor and I think was Iran. It's made of AI and it's like a governor now, I was city has feelings emotions and can talk in like yo if y'all not watch our robot, we have so many movies saying why this isn't a good idea to make AI there was I mean, it's a great feat in human knowledge. No I'm saying no, that's that's awesome. I mean, we just made a computer that can have feel it that we basically made a human. Hmm. like anything about it what is a human if not a robot anyway what is a robot I mean it's we have we are we are made up of a bunch of different moving Parts provided by that can move with electrical signal into electrical signals I mean but but here's the thing is way more complex than a true I mean a eyes I'm not taking away how complex it is but a human body is there streaming complex difference so like I don't understand why I think that's a great idea well did you hear about my Facebook made to a eyes no this is like this last year I think the chemical to a eyes in the first 20 minutes that they were both operating they created their own language when the first word in the first 20 minutes they were up because you know it was going to be like a Facebook thing they were going to like your pictures for you comment stuff for you as a good idea but then both a eyes are learning that's the thing they started learning from each other and it made their own language so they fucking pull the plug on that back plug it back up 20 fucking minutes 20 minutes all it took this is thing that you need to look I don't remember her name she's like a congressman or something something around or some place over there and it's like basically learning like I don't know how it is like AI they can learn so much quicker it seems like a little mobile things at once to which is crazy so it's just not really a great idea honestly but we're still going to make them because people are just like you know what we're gonna be so awesome make so much money from this because I just figured out how to make a human basically hmm or not money but like you know just getting praised for it and there's going to be like our robot and there's going to be a whole robot army and it's just gonna destroy everybody as well as in iRobot every house had a woman fucking bottles house cleaned whatever will special the only one that was like The dance starts happening now and be like, okay, we're kind of stupid because Will Smith literally wasn't a baby about this and I know everybody saw it. Chris is going to be like fucking Wally here you go the world go two directions. Did we destroy ourselves old planet or it's going to end up like WALL-E. WALL-E was very crazy. What was that Captain? They happen ship broke a little steering wheel thing. I like him. Yeah. Everybody's at their living in this fucking spaceship, Nordahl we're going Come back on this so weird boat is going to be hot Wally think about it's gonna be dark. This is like inhabitable. So they had to make a spaceship to go to a different where they going to Mars. No there you just a different place than they had found. No, it was just like a cruise ship and people there was like but generations of people that literally like the whole population Earth had went on to that, right? Yeah, and the only the only while it was the only little robot of his kindly dang bro while he's deep swear, well is deep Bro what? The kid I just answered cool robot. Now. I'm thinking about it. I'm like that's where the ship is headed. Then I was just injuries. Everything past has no equal. Yeah because the Earth was inhabited and pastures to pastors great or no one in have it was they were testing going to testing this other planet usually but they said was the closest third row is so messed up that what's his name? What was the actor's name Chris Pratt Chris Pratt open Jennifer Lawrence's Little pod can't piss me off you have to do that. Well, no your long dog, but but but don't get too thirsty. Those aren't you gonna open the hottest chick in there? I come on. Well, he opened hers. Yeah his malfunction. Yeah his over again. The captain's ended up malfunction, but when you malfunction the captain have given life. five hundred different diseases like every type of cancer and everything that he's done and he ended up telling Jennifer Lawrence because they went and checked the pods and he was like yours was manually up and she was like Okay, it's just then two on the ship and they have 90 years ago to get to his Planet. So they're gonna die like, you know, you're going to die. Hmm, like it's crazy stuff man. It's like Interstellar you were watching Interstellar don't know if we got time to talk about that. If you want us it's going to give us a yes. Somebody fucking yellows my hair by that he comes back only thing that wasn't a little I don't know. Yeah, they made like a fucking Halo ring familiar fucking Halo ring. Never wear it like a fucking Halo ring that dude gets back and he's for his own daughter is older than he is. They were like one hour here is 22 years or 12 years on Earth on that hook planet with the fresh water water broke. Whoa watching the video that was intense what happens if you don't if you don't remember fucking Matt Damon was in it, too. He was well, I guess that's all too. Well you want to record one more. Please somehow forgot now I got this quick but we're not in F so for 30 seconds left it was real it was fun we will call this I don't know the conspiracy episode The Conspiracy up so it's pretty crazy I got pretty deep good stuff good stuff so y'all see y'all next time soon