I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as L will your overall thoughts on the episode ladies good season Seasons fire. I feel like it's good. I'm excited last season was slower wasn't like filling the cast as much but this season is good. I just so much drama already that it I like it. I like it. It was a very good episode and one word that I can describe it with is delusional. So a lot of delusional people on the season. I love it. I mean I first started watching 90 days because of the drama of it. Right. So I feel like they brought back with drama this season and that's what make is making me excited. Yeah, the couple seemed like like you said, it may be a little delusional but like so juicy and good. You know, like I'm like, oh, I can't wait. They meet like get over there real quick. Yeah, right. I agree. I'm on my toes right now, but I will say that I just hope that it continues like this. Let's continue at this pace. Let's keep it going. I don't want to see everyone going to meet whoever for forever you. What this? Okay, we me where you know, I need some action throughout the whole season, but we shall see can judge you at right now. It's fun. We're loving it. It's like a new relationship like some of these relationships, you know, yeah, super happy right now. And then later on. Yeah, we're now and face. Yeah. We're the honeymoon phase right now. Absolutely. I want to go ahead and Jump Right In we're going to start with Lisa and her baby love juice mint. So you guys just remind our Lisa is 52 from Pennsylvania and newsmen. Is 30 from Nigeria she's very to me. I just want to say this. She's very controlling. I got that win. She said, you know, he made a music video and it should have been a ghost or something or a shadow. Oh yeah of me me and not another woman. I want to know your thoughts. This is why I brought up the delusional piece because it's like ma'am. This is supposed to be a depiction. Of his art and not literal real life. So I think she was just a bit delusional and and didn't really realize the reality of it. You don't necessarily fit his brand. I thought it was interesting how she was like, I also made him call up the editor and cut out all those parts of the Nigerian. Yeah playing her part and then when she said that she wanted to when she gets married she wants to have more say in his career. I was like what you know about Alan madly. I was thinking that too. Uh, so what you gonna do right now, his career is right before it even gets started. I'm like trying to figure out this couple still like how they've been like the chemistry between them even as it's crazy. I don't know. I'm just like a loss for words with them because I like I see kind of like Angela Vibes with her a little bit, but then also like she wants him to give Up everything and she's already getting jealous online, you know about like the girls. He's following all the stuff like that. It's like he said it's popular over there and I don't even know that I became more popular. I don't even know that I see real chemistry. It just seems like very mechanical from his part you gotta mean he's like because I'm watching the interaction between them and I'm like, this is not a pleasant interaction. She's basically railing in on him. Like I want this when I get there I want this to happen. It wasn't like a fun positive. Conversation so I was like, yeah, he's definitely just dealing with this to get what he wants and he's out and I think a new twist is going to be that he's Muslim to in Nigeria and she's Christian. Yeah, and if he is coming from a strict Muslim background, I think that that's going to be an interesting twist when she gets there. I think she's gonna have a rude awakening like she thinks she's gonna go there and and get all crazy and You know not wear condoms and do all that stuff hold hands and all that stuff. Well, you might be in for a rude awakening if he is truly like to his religion and and and all of that. I feel like she has his inner party girl that she like wants to let out and she's like let's go but then like you she goes over there. It's like hello. It's complete opposite. Yeah, don't let your I got a career going in this. I'm not always I think he'd be in for a rude awakening as well when he comes to the states and realizes even though I'm sure he already knows that he has a same name as another artist. It's not going to work out this way. It's not easy. I think well, I think it's a play on that. Yeah, I think they knows. Yeah, he knows that's why he picked that name soldier boy. Yeah because it's a play on soldier boy. But if you have a plan to come to the states, wouldn't you think to change the name before you get here back to what I started with delusional? It's a lot of delusional people this season. I thought her friend. Rocky and Kathy that was like an interesting interaction when she went and told them that she was going in Nigeria and Rocky was like so Soldier like his he is Soldier like it's like are you okay? Is that supposed to be a joke? Because you sound ridiculous really what I also wanted to say real quick to was when they were video chatting and this man said just calm down. Down he said exactly like Michael. Yeah, just calm down. Calm down Lisa. Calm down Michael. We're at Lisa our Angeles I'm saying. Yeah, she's definitely no, I don't think so. Agreed moving on to Darcy and Tom there's a lot going on with them but not really I didn't get as much as I want to obviously because he's in my is anyone surprised by Tom's actions or is this typical Tom posting pictures of the women? Yeah. Well, I thought it was weird how they blocked each other and then it's like how they haven't talked for a while and then he's out with the girls. So that's a bad thing, but I don't even know but I mean for this she's just talking about in this episode. She's just talking about how he's not there. Like, you know, they got back together. So it seemed right after the reunions and then now he's just there's nothing there's no communication. It's kind of like it was right before they even had the reunions. Yeah. I mean, I don't even think they were two back together. So it was weird to have the on so it's also really interested in what are they going to do with this couple because like she even alluded to if you're going to fly to New York just to have me come there. To break up with me we've done that. We've been down that road with 90 days. So is that what it is? But I think that what I loved that I thought was like Darcy all day was when she was talking to camera and she started crying as like that that's that's perfectly she's emotional and she really wants love and I was like, okay, let's see where this we're going to take this right and Tom's kind of just like oh, but I wanted meet up with you. I want to have dinner, but there's still like unclear They're blocked on social media like yeah, like that's and you're not talking like, how are you and relate like, how are you in a relationship? It's really it's one of those things where it's just like just let it go. Yeah, I'm gonna walk away back to what you said when Darcy said, you know, if you're coming over here to break up with me we can do that over the phone. I'm like, there you go. Yeah, Darcy like a backbone because normally she be like, okay, you know, yeah and then should make up this whole scenario like he's probably coming to propose, you know, we didn't get that. RC it's just listen. I'm not about to deal with this. Like you said, I've been here done that and it wasn't pretty yeah, I'm not gonna let that happen. Again. Jesse had like a lot of effect on her. So now you can tell she's changing. She's not yeah vulnerable not a pushover. Yeah, I agree but we'll definitely see more of them or more of her just because of her wedding dress. Try it on with her sister Stacey. Yeah. That was nice. I thought this She was legit trying it on for like to get married. And yeah, it was just for business. Yeah, I'm just curious where this couple is going out. What's going to happen. I feel like more women are going to come into play. Oh, we know he's gonna happen. We know we know. Okay, so moving on to a big personality Ed big head. I love big head and Rosemarie. I just kind of want to talk about her first. Hmm. What are your thoughts ladies because I have my on how she is now that she kind of get to know her a little bit who Rosemarie have we got? I feel like I don't know her enough yet. I feel like she's in it. I mean her life's going to be a lot better over here. Yeah, but they showed its how she lives over there like she's winning the lotto right now. Well, we find out that ad doesn't want kids and he wants to get snip snip. Yeah, he was and she wants kids. What do you think? It's going to be like a huge issue for her or yes, you do. She's only 23. She's young. Yeah, how does he like 50-something 52:54 before so he needs to kind of come down to reality and realize that yeah, the are probably going to be a problem and her sister text Aid and said she needs money for her store. Do you think that Rosemarie was behind that? All and her sister texting Aid. Yes for money, you know without even really really getting to know her and you automatically think I think so. I think that she wanted to ask for money but didn't want to seem like she was the one that was asking for money. So like hey, you know that I live with my sister the store might not be doing well, which means I might be homeless and she might be homeless and you're coming to stay with us. Therefore said money now because we can't wait hmm. Classless. Yeah. It's wild this whole but I also think to sorry. Sorry. I also think too that a lot of times foreigners think that Americans are all filthy rich. And so they think it's nothing to send money all the time. And I think we have a little bit of a case of that here where like you said she thinks that she's going to have a better life in America and he's going to provide everything for her and it's common in the Philippines. Like I have a friend whose dad married two different occasions, like Filipino ladies in the same thing happens at money home like all the time like it's like That's how it is. It's like tradition kind of I guess, you know from the gifts that he doesn't even know. It was getting there. We found that our last episode, you know. Oh, yeah, like he doesn't the gifts aren't really they haven't made it there. But he's spending so much money on shipping. It just doesn't make sense my understanding that it was it had it wasn't going to get there before he got there. Is that what it is? That's what I kind of gathered from that but it will get there so it might be in my or is it like send another one in my news and gossip? The the boxes of arrived she's gotten the gifts. Okay, one of the dresses she's wearing when we meet her is one of the dresses he said. Oh, thank you for the little early tea. Yeah, but I mean was she shopping for his lady? Yeah, he's proud of that. Yeah, he is. Absolutely. I think it's a little interesting that he hasn't been in a relationship in what 15 years 20 20 20 years. Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah, so we're going to see I feel like when I see him just give so much. And I don't know that he'll get as much in return obviously because you won't she just learning she like you said. Yes 23. She's bright eyed and we're going to see how this all plays out moving on to Jeffrey and varia. Hmm. Jeffrey again is 43 from Tennessee and Barrios 35 Russia. Okay, so he's on his way to visit this girl and meanwhile, her friends are like you do not need to be in the same hotel is Him like no girl thoughts on the friends where they doing too much or were they just being protective of her being protective? You don't know him. Yeah. I think they were given her sound advice and some people are good with reading people. Yeah, we just from a picture. So that's that's not like you don't know him right? He's from a different country. Yeah, you guys have talked for seven months, but you've never physically seen him. So you're now going to meet him and in five minutes you guys are going to stand hotel for two weeks together like that. Don't even make any sense. What what if he is an aggressive personality or psycho or whatever the case may be you're stuck there with them for safety purposes. I mean, I think our friends were definitely being protective and giving her Sound Advice. Yeah, and when the to meet their energy is a little off. Yeah, it's just like you think it was him. Yeah because she was trying to be all like, oh my God. I'm so excited. She cried. Yeah. Finally, we she's like trying to make small talk and he was just looking at her. Her and I was like, what is this? What's happening with you right now? Yeah, you're going full-on like maybe it's nerves or maybe he's tired because he spent 20 hours traveling but a part of me is just like, oh, he's hiding something. That's the other side. Like he's like, he's just weird like to know you've been talking to this person and then like you're finally seeing them and you're like, okay. So what are we going to talk about? But you want to put it out. Me like a dad or like a father. Yes. He said you're hugging me like a dad. I think he's like taking back. Maybe he didn't expect her to be how she wasn't maybe like more forward or summer may be expected room or passive. I don't know but he just seems like he just seemed a little unsure. Yeah, he's just trying to feel out the situation fill out the vibe and he's been through a lot. So I think once they warm up, yeah, it'll be better for them. Hopefully cross fingers look so it's gonna become yours. So what are your thoughts on him? Is he just saying that things that she wants to hear? Here like she believes or do you think he truly cares for her? I don't know. Like I said last week ashes fine. So that's it. That's all it was. He never buys good. Well, we'll know it's she's got to be careful. He's a good-looking guy and he's got the Gift of Gab. I mean, even though even her grandma was like, oh, yeah, he's cute, you know Grandma got the phone like, oh, I see what you see, you know, so I think she needs to be cautious and just kind of be walking to it cautiously optimistic, especially with kids, right? Yeah, I was surprised to meet this college kid and to find out that he was married before and has a 10 year old and so has it that he is a dad that has you know partial custody. So I thought that that was a thing. I thought it was interesting that when she brought up. Like are you sure you're going to be brief be able to bring him over and he was like, yeah, she'll be I'm with that. Are you sure? Yeah, because as a mom I wouldn't be okay. That's great. Like the talker like he's he's smooth. He's a fast talker and then when we saw the preview for next week where the flower shop guy was like, yeah, he's got women like all the time. I thought that that was a sign in from last week's episode where he got hacked but only her photos got hacked and deleted all of those are like signs to me right? It's going live. Maybe like you said, you know, he's a good-looking guy, but maybe this is his trip to America. I don't know. We'll see but I'm wondering does he really need her for that? You know what I mean? Like he has access to a lot of different women and I'm sure he's not like struggling financially. I don't know his finances, but I'm sure he's okay, but if you want to come to the states, like if that's what he wants why not. I mean you have all these women, but when you find one that'll let you Get over here. That's it. All right, that's it. But it doesn't like her. I think he likes her to like she seems like she's cool having the personality and I don't think that if that's the case then that's that's the perfect person to pee. That's right. I don't think that she's so easy to get over on though. She seems like she puts her foot down with him. I think that she's just I don't think that she's easy, but I don't think that she's hard either like I would pick her to if that was my choice because only thing she's worried about is I don't know if he's just saying this because he's a love doctor, you know, okay, but she doesn't have any like true true concerns about it. She's going with it and her parents know her until when she talks about her relationship for the first time by the way in nine months to her parents. And also I'm going Australia, her mom did say to camera she's made she makes bad decisions when it comes to relationships and your parents know you so maybe that's why she actually kept everything from them was like, I'm just gonna do it. Yes. Last minute. Yeah, thanks. All right lat Yolanda and Williams. Now what y'all this is a hot buttery Miss. I feel like last week. It was poor Yolanda and this week is oh Yolanda Yolanda. Does he have an English accent? Do you no, no, no a black man English accent. But I would say that he's a Nigerian or Gideon. He's Michael because that's what he sounds to me. Like yeah, we find out who he is actually like news and gossip weekly next to find out yes. Yes. Yeah. He didn't know the airport day. Yeah, it was like all right, go to Manchester LAX. So go to LAX and up the phone real quick Google it and I'll text you right back right her daughter's just shaking her head this point. It's like it's one of those things where it's like I'm just go over here with you just so that you know that he's not right that would be tough for me. I believe we're not going. I'm sorry, but as much as I could I would fight I'm having literally close the laptop. I'm like Mom were not doing this. Yeah, if you want to go to London and have a girls trip will do that. Yeah, we're not doing all this. No, this will like almost hung up the phone on you as soon as he started asking any question was your mom's listen, do you think to you? Oh, yeah you think oh, yeah, it's yours. She would. Yeah. She would Stacy about like dating a guy that she met online. Yes by not my mom. That's what I'm thinking. Convincing Absalom and not we're not doing this. You don't know how social media works. Yeah one guy hits you up and you have to approve that like requests on the message and stuff like that. And it's like, oh, it's this hot guy. Come on, like that's sad. It's a lot, you know, yes, but I don't know those people we shall see but I feel like her story will be the most interesting story. Yeah. I'm waiting. I'm waiting for them to fly into London and see what's really going on coffee. See him like no. No, I'm just going to show he's not going to show I think he's gonna be a no-show Linda just has a t so don't even ask Linda. I mean I also I don't know. Okay, we'll take it for now. Stephanie and Eric. Oh our first same-sex couples. Oh, yeah, we might then this episode and I really like them. They're just very colorful and just happy. Like that's a good yeah a breath of fresh air. So I think of any couple this will be just that like the couple were we can just I don't feel like we'll get a lot of negative vibes from them. Do you do I'm getting a headache? I think it's gonna get toxic I do drama. Mhm. I don't I feel like this is probably the lightest couple we have right now, but I really like the way they kid picked us this caste. They are all interesting. She's a YouTuber starts with the pizzas. In the preview we saw how they were staying in the hotel and they already were having a fight and I don't even know how many days they're into it, but they were like fighting right right then the yeah, she's about to walk. Oh I was like, whoa, I think it's going to be interesting to see her come out. This time I feel like a lot of people will be able to relate to this 90-day. We haven't really had everyone on the Spectrum and I feel like representation for a show. This big is very important. I'm so honored very happy Zach. Yeah have a same-sex couple. So this will be fun to watch an interesting to see how she goes about. Yeah, like I said coming out to her mom and I was like, oh my God, you haven't even told your mom. You're bisexual. How is it going to work on TV? You're going to break the news? We're gonna go girl. Yeah, right. Go ahead and tell her in run. Yeah gold Australia immediately. Hey afterbuzzers before we move on we would like to say thanks to our sponsor. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. Plus there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Also anchor will distribute your podcast. As for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more plus you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started before we continue one of the ways we keep all these shows for you free is by our amazing sponsors. And today Spotify is one of our sponsors on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify is a huge catalogue of Sun every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify you can follow your favorite podcast so you don't miss an episode premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever they are and you can easily share what you're listening to with all your friends and following on Instagram you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for AfterBuzz TV on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure you follow us you never miss an episode of AfterBuzz TV. Okay, you guys special segment times they see what you got real quick. one question Okay, would you date someone that initially lied about their looks to you? So like say that you met them online. Would that be a deal breaker like would just like, nope. I'm not going to let you look a lot different from your picture. It depends like it really depends. So if you say your six four and you're looking at me five to then we have a problem a huge problem. This is by goodbye. That I doing that's just you can't come on. I think for extreme situations like that would definitely be a deal but a couple inches no no, but I would look at you. Like why are you lying about something so minor something I'ma find out? Yeah. It's just stupid. Yeah, so I would probably lose some respect for you. I can't say that. It's going to be a deal breaker, but I would lose respect. Hmm Linda you agree. Yeah. I mean for the most part I agree, okay. okay, but like No, you can't be 5/2 and say you 6 4 and then that's me think that big I'm gonna go on a second date with you. Like you're clearly delusional and you're not 6 for it. So, what did you think when we were going to meet up in person out of this be like? Oh, that's cool. You lied for x amount of time. Yeah. And in that case, is it really because what did he say? He was five two and he's real or 11 and he said it looked a lot different. I'll be a deal but you can see him we're gonna be on my level. No, he I think he's shorter than her Yeah, you sort of Mm Yeah. She thinks that they're going to be eye level because he says, oh I'm five to as well and then she's looking doubt. So you don't you know it maybe maybe she days tall guys. Normally. She's like, okay, I'll date someone, you know, I level if it matters some people it doesn't matter they don't care and I don't even think it's so much his height. I think it's more so though. He's you know, he's different. He looks different. Yeah, he's different looking so Personality, but he can grow on you. Yeah, sure. Sure. Yeah, that's a great personality. Yeah, when he said smoking Spencer growth person taking this bag. I'm like, I really like him that's not like you officially like yeah and then his emotional me with daughter. I'm like that was scary. He's really great. Yeah, absolutely. Alright moving on to news and gossip. Linda has plenty. Okay. Let's see if we can get to most of it. Okay. So first the first up Yolanda so you'll And it's and her last name is leak knew she was being catfished before she went on the show here. You see her saying basically don't believe the hype but she's looking great looking happy looking healthy. So here's what her story is. She knew before going on 90 days that Williams was catfishing her wherever she still applied for the show because she wanted to be on the show because you want to get that show money. She also wrote a book and she wanted to promote the book which we're going to see on the show about how she lost all this weight. So she's kind of in on this whole storyline so I felt bad before but I kind of don't feel bad now and then to move on she was dating well online dating. That's what I call the online dating because you never met so this guy named douche and he did Instagram live story with fraud by TLC and Actually out at her and said I have the receipts the she told me she did this as I'll fake as she did it for the money and she did it for the publicity. She did it to promote her her book. So then she goes on then so there are two Nigerian and garlic guys involved the guy that we just showed you. He's the guy that everyone thought was the guy that was scamming her, but that Is not Williams she was talking to another Nigerian guy, which was boosh. Now. Those are the receipts guys. You can go anywhere on my ideas. You can up 90 day fiancé now and you'll be able to see more of this in detail, but it's the back-and-forth conversation where she basically says that she's in on it. She's on a contract so she can't say much more but That she knows he's a fake and then we found out that she's actually she knows the guy the other second Nigerian guy and we have photos. So you got to make sure to tune in to 90 day fiancé weakly. Oh, I we mustn't look can we blow that one up so people can see it. Wait who this is the other this is the other this is the other Williams, but this is the true Williams stop. This is the true Williams wait. Yeah, so and it gets really convoluted. As heck. However, if I'm saying that right Instagram or found his account tagged him. Then this guy deleted the account. It's like a whole messy thing. So it's a whole thing God. Yeah. It's a lot going on and then there's just so much more to restore. She's actually dating. So basically they're saying this so the Nigerian didn't work out Williams a scam. It's a catfish. So are you still dating and she says yeah, she's dating and the guy that you see in this this hat apparently is Stateside. So she says that's why I'm dating locally. Now, he's my first date. I'm dating now. He's very nice and a hard worker. We don't know his name. We just have the photo so I know that that's a lot guys, but just say it's like S is he real? He might be kind of fine though. He might like to Nigerian dudes one was a scammer one was not she was in an online relationship with both of them. They've both been exposed. And now if you guys don't want spoilers don't listen to my voice, but apparently she's now moved on so we'll know that it doesn't work out or if it ever did and she's now dating Stateside with this new dude. Paul makes sense. It feels real if he's real and if that's real. Avery - so Avery and Ashley that we talked about last week that Avery an - there we go. There we go. He couldn't come over because he was bankrupt. He had bankruptcy issues turns out guys after filming 90 day fiancé. He's been over to Seattle twice. So we guess he fixed the whole bankruptcy passport issue and it's come out to see Avery a couple of I'm so good on them moving on to this men and Lisa. She's so cute. She is cute. So this one and Lisa guys. This man has is not only rapper singer. He's also a movie star and he started a movie and you'll definitely have to check out our full weekly show for that but he's been in a movie and Lisa is kind of like not liking how much Fame she starting to realize that he has so it's not just about the wrapping in the song saw this like he's a bona fide star in Nigeria. So we'll see more to that. I posted this photo just because I thought it was it was interesting the Angela me Lisa. Oh, yeah, Angela 2.0 both Nigeria, man. Both hospice care workers. Oh, yeah. Try to use sex as a ruler both sound like a pack of a habit both in the early 50s with the men in their 30s both monitor their men social media accounts and both insanely jealous of women in their men's lives, but why don't they list that like, I had like a fact I know for a fact the bald sound like a pack-a-day habit, but they said sound like oh sound like didn't say they do although we know that Angela, you know, The smoke. Yeah. She loves a good cigarette. Yeah. Yeah. Oh sweet baby Lisa. I just thought I'm like Babe. I'm Gonna Leave You guys with that Yes Meme too much. Okay. Lisa is Really good episode of the game. We're going strong and I want to know any quick predictions you ladies have where you're after because TV prediction, let's go first. No one I will so my prediction is that every so we've met what six couples so far. I think five of those six seven six out of seven couples are going to explode and one will survive. Hmm. Whoo. You think who do I think is going to survive? I think Avery an - we're going to survive it really Soldier Boy. No, she didn't and I actually think that big Ed and Rosemarie might just work out. I agree. I think they might just work out. That's my prediction. And I think it's only because she's wanting a better life for her son. This is just me it that and so I think she'll just whatever she wants to say. She'll swallow it, you know, and I think with him he's just so he's truly like in love with her but I think on her end, the only reason it would work out is because she's just going with the flow. Stacy I think Adrienne - you're gonna work out I yeah, those are that's the couple that I think they have the most in common the most chemistry and most you know, they both worked out. They like all that Health stuff. Yeah, Jack and only ones I can dig it. Where can they find you ladies? And then we find me all over social media at Stacy underscore Olivas and at night a fiance now send me all your news all your gossip. All these crazy guys Linda is so girly all across social media make sure to tune in to our next show 90-day newsweekly we break down all the latest in. Right now you guys can find me on Instagram @ Ms. Ashlee Marie. They can find me all over at hey, Alex Bowers will see you guys next week. Bye. Bye our founder Keven undergaro and me Maria Menounos would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz TV. Remember, we're not just the first were the biggest in the world and were the only destination for all your favorite TV shows, whatever you crave. We've got it. So go to AfterBuzz TV.com and check out our lineup Buzz. See you later. He's expressed herein are those of the host only you do not necessarily reflect. The views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners are principally.