Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one of these people who actually huzzahAn excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not punctuated well, but it's actually because I'm not that great at reading. Okay. So are you ready? It's from Nikki and it says I've been in a fat loss phase for a year or so and I've lost a significant amount of weight and got in really good shape with your guidance as well as achieving some amazing Jim Litton gold goals as well. I've also okay, and then she says I've lost. Focus to stay in this fat loss phase and without really conscious effort. I've moved to maintenance which is fine because I am maintaining however, my concern is that I feel like it's almost beyond my control as to whether I'm able to get back into that deep level of focus that enables me to avoid snacking and be absolutely rigid with my diet to achieve fat loss calories because that is what it takes for me. You always say you have the tools to lose again. Should you want to and that I shouldn't stress because I know how to do it and I've done it before but what about the weird level of what about the weird level of commitment? You have to go to don't know if I agree with that. I didn't feel I can just decide to go there and I feel like it is just about okay, I don't feel okay, right. I don't feel I can just decide to go. if and when I please is it just about diet fatigue and a needing a good break before you start again, or is it something more? Okay. I've just spoken a lot. So I'm did you want to start on that and break. So basically I would say that it's kinda seems like she's a point in our men and with her head that she she needs to set up a bit of a maintenance level for a week while and not stress too much about to drop any more body fat and when you get to the point where your Here your hedge their the last thing that you want to do is start cutting calories again. So setting for a maintenance level for a little bit, you know, there's reasons why you want to set up maintenance level, you know, allow your head to just cocaine and get back into the routine of of eating properly or not even properly what you know, eating that sort of level that you can manage and also things like when you're setting it maintenance rather than a deficit you can actually start to push yourself a little A bit harder in the gym because you've got there. So the calories there that you wouldn't have necessarily had a cut but like so what you what you said about the weird level of commitment to you got to go to I don't seem as you don't really agree with that. There's a weird level of commitment that you have to go to the we would level of commitment as if you decide that you're going to do a physique competition and you have to get Ultra lie, that's a level of commitment that's like above and beyond. Cut that's like that's like skinnies that stuff where you've got to really be strict as strict as can be I should say. She's sorry to jump in. I feel like I have a bit of a new hypothesis about this. Okay. So most people can get to a level of leanness That's which is probably about where Nikki is because it's different for everyone where there's that balance between their lifestyle and their food intake and their training and their What about this maintenance fees and that works quite well for them? But that will be different for everyone and not just different because yes, everyone has a different lifestyle etcetera Etc. But different for things like your leptin levels and what body fat like, I'm not talking quite about set point, but you could think of it like that. This is the point at which your body your physiology your life and your training all sort of sit at a nice level and as and he's saying if you want to dip below that Then that's the kind of restriction that I would deem all the body fat love that I would deem for you short term. So if you said to me, okay, Emma, I really want to do a photo shoot. I'd be totally honest with you and I'd say given that you perceive this level as restriction as a bit over restrictive you say it's a weird level of restriction or commitment for you. I would be honest and say we'd have to go there to get you in shape for that photo shoot, but then we'd come back to here where you're sitting at sort of Maintenance level. That's quite nice. And and I know that I've had discussions with Nikki about this before and she said yeah, but people like certain fit pros and bodybuilders or other personal trainers or people in the fitness industry. They say at a lower body fat level than I do. Yeah, they do and actually and that, you know, I was going to use the excuse of but you have two kids and husband and whatever other you know other people might have that as well, but you've got to understand that a lot of the time that's their life and your matter how much someone says on social media. Oh, I just stay there. Seeing and you know, it's quite easy for me just fits in my lifestyle. Yeah, because your lifestyle is built around saying that lean to a larger extent than someone who isn't that lean probably solely and I've been there like I when I was extremely lean because I was a personal trainer. I was working all the time as a personal trainers basically my job to saline and I built a lot of my life around that So yeah. Yeah, I think it's a I think as you see it's very much. If you're looking at there. I always think that people what on social media what they're looking at is they're looking they're not looking at something that's a fair representation of what normality is. So the neck there 95% of the people you follow on social media who are shredded over your route are the either the outlying 5% that Or they're in the 5% that assess and Arlene because they're taking things or there are professional athlete and they have to stay lean because they're doing a photoshoot. Regularly. There's the that's you know, you're following the 5% of the outliers and that's probably 95% of what you look on social media. So actually if that back his head and start licking but not to compare yourself to anybody but you need to put yourself into perspective if you are working if you work an eight. To 5 job. You have kids you've got family stuff that you're dealing with how hope we would this be an ultralink set with on an important skill. What comes first? Is it family or is it being lean like yeah got to have some kind of perspective with this and understand that not everybody shared that like it's, you know, being that lean as it's probably in the world population. You're probably Under ten percent of the world population being that lead probably Land from the less than 5% Yeah, and a lot of that as well as down to genetics or at least a great deal of that. So, you know, some people do genuinely like sit Lena and they're not as hungry as someone else at the same body fat percentage, but we always as you're saying like compare ourselves to someone else so you might be looking at some Fitness professional who is a fitness professional because they're predisposed to being able to stay lean. They're not as hungry at that body fat level. They don't reduce their activity levels or compensate for an energy deficit to the same extent. Someone else might and that's the reason they're sort of predisposed to they've sort of they've been like channeled into that as in they're good at that. So that's why they end up working in that industry and that's why they are where they are. And then we compare ourselves to them. I say then as if I'm not one of them. Yeah, but I mean and I don't know my genetic makeup to the T, but I'm willing to bet that I don't carry variants of the fto gene that that would predispose me to being a beast. Whereas someone else might and I've been looking quite a lot into that because I'm writing a nutrition course with Amelia, which we're going to talk about later on this podcast, but one of the things that like I found really interesting or that I saw a link between the excited because I love to know how things work and I don't know if you've had this Andy but have you ever had a client who so a woman who loses their menstrual cycle? It's still quite a relatively high body fat level and then you're kind of like well we Diet you down anymore. Because you know, obviously there's other side effects that come with those in your menstrual cycle. Not just obviously your fertility, but also your bone mineral density can be affected and other things that he's doing is useful for so have you ever had that before not had it with on gen pop client but definite I've heard that the clients that are getting lean for a leaked photo shoots and for like great physique competitions Okay, so So I've had this like obviously you sort of see a lot more in that way people are getting extremely lean, but I've had this with two clients now, I mean and that's over the spite the space of ten years. So it's not like it's hugely common, but who have lost their menstrual cycle that really quite a high body fat percentage. Like they're nowhere near lean and nowhere near where I would expect that to happen. Yeah, and one of the reasons I think that might happen in this is just the sort of theory that I came up with. Is that the reason or one of Reasons that the fto variant is related to obesity is that people with it have naturally lower levels of leptin? Yeah. So Latin is related to how much body fat you have. So when those levels drop if you become extremely lean that's when you lose your cycling actually, it seems that Latin is sort of the key marker that would have you sort of shut off your fertility cycle because that's using up energy. So people who already have low levels of that and then start losing body fat. Now. Remember this is completely hypothetical. I don't know if this is actually true that there's been no research on it. But if they continue to lose body fat and then there's levels dropped even more that level might still signal to the brain. Okay, this persons Tulum. We don't have enough energy even though you have still got enough body fat by a mile. The the it's going to turn off your menstrual function and that you're going to lose your period even at that higher body fat. That was I don't know if that has something to do with it. And even if it did there's nothing you can actually do about I just find it quite interesting. Yeah, it's um, it's a it's something that you have to be really really about as well because I think it becomes very common practice that you know, certainly people that are competing and Physique in competitions are like, oh yeah. I'm a menstrual cycle stock part of me now like as if it's normal and everyone but to be fair it is like it is scarily normal. And that Lena that's a take that that standard of leanness. Yes as but you can still beat you know, but it's more the fact that people are just so blase about it. Oh, yeah, exactly. That's the issue. Like that's not be blasé about that's like that's that's a that's a function that your body needs. And if you do intend on having kids little kids at some point you're going to have to work get that shit worked out so and imagine being, you know yet maybe years later when you do want to have children and you've jeopardized that Being the in for bodybuilding show. Yeah, but you didn't even when or even if you did win it, nobody remembers like plastic coffee shop in the back that said, okay. Well if we went on slight tangent there and I guess the last thing I want to say on that question is that a lot of dying is how you frame it and I've said this before but if you're feeling so for example Nikki who's feeling really deprived by not snacking then it like it's how you frame that so for me, I'd maybe look at something and say okay at the moment that doesn't fit with my goals. I know I could have it but at the moment I'm going to opt for food choices that are higher volume lower calories and leave me more satiated because that fits my weight loss goals at the moment and that sort of perspective of just trying to be quite rational about it and like yeah, I can't have that biscuit if I want to but it does impact the rest of my day and actually I probably be better off having this other option and sometimes the right option will be the biscuit because you've already sort of this came up in the group. Actually. There was a question that said it's really hard to choose fruit over a biscuit when I know they're the same calories, you know, and then sort of what should I do about that and my answer would be and kind of why I've given out the skeleton plans where you're hitting all of your non-negotiables you're getting in your protein you're getting in those of fruit and veg you're getting in whole grains your essential fatty. Acids the things that make up a good diet and then on top of that, you know, if you've hit all those bases and you wanna have a biscuit absolutely crack on but if you've not had fruit all day, then you want to choose the fruit. Yeah. It's the same thing as obviously a cup of my Instagram about the fact that people's people's go to gold from somebody starts to try to cope with the first things that the only car like eliminating things like carbohydrates dearly and taking it off sugar in your diet. Flat bread pasta all that kind of stuff. Yeah, and I and just know I'm gonna quit aggressive thinner quite an aggressive two weeks, but I'm not taking any of that my diet because I still need to have some sort of normality to what I'm eating and also it keeps my head in the game for me. Like, you know, if I want I don't generally in the last two weeks have been really switched on and not eating any chocolate fact, I bought couple bars of chocolate the weekend and they're still sitting in the cupboard. Like I heard that I was like, I don't I don't need it. Actually, I'm quite happy to stay but it's this whole thing about people, you know, when it comes to things like diet and you don't have to as as you see as long as you're hitting your non-negotiables and you're getting in your fruit your verge of putting in stuff that you know, don't feel guilty. If you still have if you've got calories that you that you that are setting in your diet and your plan and you're still within your calories and you want a basket have a basket just don't make it 10 baskets like yeah. I've got enough calories for one basket of the best get enjoy the biscuit put the Back in the cupboard. Yeah, and after into it that way that's always a basically can take Yeah, it's funny that as well because some people as you were saying, oh, I brought some chocolate bars. And then I just was like, I didn't need them some people it is strange how different people psychology is because some people like office in the house. I will hundred percent eat at can't have it anywhere near me and other people are actually the opposite and they're like, I like to have chocolate and house because then I'm like, well, it's there if I want it and I feel more like, okay. Well, I don't want it. But if I ever do it's there. If yeah, well that's you know mean lot or like that. Laura is very much efforts and the house shall eat it like you can't have chocolate in house room tour of she's trying to so she's trying to so take it up for a week because she cannot eat it with his I'm the complete opposite. I can have a part of chocolate in the house for three months. I'll just open the cupboard and go it's still there. Shut up covered don't need any woman as fine as you see it's totally going to how your head works and how your house You how you process these things and you know, I know a lot of people you know that I see there's still a lot of clients is the fact that you know, if you are somebody who has fast hands when it comes to things like chocolate and best guess probably the best idea for use not to have them in the house. And but if you've got a level of control that you can have one biscuit and put the packet back, there's no reason why you can't and there's no reason why you shouldn't do that. So yeah, I think sometimes just even doing as a test to yourself like You know, you tell yourselves these things as if that is just who you are yet? No, I can't have it house nut can't do it can't do it. Can't do any such a fixed mindset was if you like. Okay, I'm gonna have an experiment. Yeah, of course, you can bloody do it. Like it's not a hard thing to do. The problem isn't lack of your ability like that is not the issue here. So do it like me because I'll do go buy a packet of biscuits have one and then put them in the cupboard. Wake up next morning and tell yourself. Okay, I can do it. Of telling myself. I can't you. Maybe you're someone who may be struggles to do that or at the moment you're predisposed to eating more biscuits, but that's not like something that you're stuck doing. You can change that and you can prove to yourself because a lot of that is about trusting yourself. So can I trust myself to have biscuits? Yes, of course, you can that's ridiculous like going back to go and prove to yourself and your own trust. Yeah, and then you've kind of solved that. As soon as you have that one basket and then you realize that all I can have that one basket every day because it fits my calories. I'm going to do that and it means that you don't it's as if I think a lot of people think that there's stuff going to go missing like it so I'm going to have to just get rid of out the house. Well, no, you can have it in the house just sure better control and it's all to do with your head. It's all to do with the commits all to do this your well power of this stuff, you know, this isn't it's not, you know, it's not hormones going mental and setting you off and eating 20 baskets. As your head going. Oh, I just keep eating them because they're easy to eat. So exactly right next question. Well, we just spent almost five minutes on that one question. It's been great. Yeah. Okay. This one's a little bit smaller Dom's if you keep pushing the weights up, will you always have Dom's? In your level of Dom's will drop obviously even though you're pushing and progressing and adding a bit more weight and week-by-week. Your Toms will probably start to not I would never see those subside completely and but certainly though they will not be as bad. So for instance, if you've you know, you know go out take me be trained and your first chest session your chest going to be in pieces, but every time that you train it, it's going to it's going to realizes what's happening. You know, it's You can more two more two to fatigue the chest and stuff. But your dorms thing is that it's again down to the person as well. Like sometimes some sessions. I'll to the if I do legs two days after them. Absolutely fine. Like I'm going tomorrow don't think I don't feel like I train legs and then the week after exactly the same leg session probably similar rates and stuff and the day after them like feel like I'm being somebody's been involving the In the courts, and yeah, it is enticing and I think definitely the biggest predictor of Dom's is going to be new exercise. So, you know, if you're used to training chest all the time, but even if you up the weights, I don't think you'll get not the same extent as when you're new to exercise or if you're doing loads of eccentric training or something like that. But the other factor that can come into play is how you're recovering. So in Andy's example, maybe he didn't sleep that well then I after Maybe he didn't get much protein in or calories in or maybe he was dieting. So his recovery has been hampered and that's why he's a bit sore. So it's not always I think there's also a question which will just cover now, but it's not always the sign of a good workout. Basically. I think that was a later question is if I'm not sore after a workout does that mean I've not trained hard enough? No, not at all as you see, you know, the big the big things worth dorms are things like Like cheap date changing the training stimulus or you know, and you exercise, you know, maybe ramping up reps. So doing going from like Laurette exercises to high rep stuff. And but also as you see things like your recovery your nutrition your sleep and you know things like I use quite a lot of stuff like a diffe you seem like the massage guns I use myself and I got one yah, I use that quite a lot as well that helps a lot recovery just helps get blood moving on the muscles a bit. To and so you're such a good investment. I think especially if you're someone that that goes to a sportsman Suits now, I'm not saying before I get loads of hate me up mail that it's equivalent to getting proper massage from someone who's a professional but it is good. Right like it is a is way better than what you can do on yourself. Yeah. I think it's one of these ones we were you know, I will still regularly like get mad. Massage from Sean up because she's an evil. She's got elbows like by the diamonds and she's bloody good at what she does but you know, you can't, you know, maybe there's times where things like I've got a tight quad, you know, but it just needs to loosen both. So like the massage guns ideal. It's just get help help get it moving over you but better to so, you know, but as you see it's not it's it's are something that can help alleviate rather than sort of things. So yeah. Okay nice. Question, how long does initial weight gain from creatine take two I guess go because that was another question how long's a piece of string and it's I'll be totally dependent on the person and depend on the power Sam and depend on how your body reacts to it. Because yeah, that's a good question because some people one don't react to creatine and some people to don't get much water retention with it whereas others As do yeah when I've taking creatine, I don't know. I've always been quite a powerful Powers always been kind of in my training when I did a lot of sport. So I don't really notice things like power demand units that come through from taking creatine and activity. I don't really notice anything but a lot of folk like oh, yeah, I feel much stronger and stuff and like, okay, that's fine. It's you know, it works for you. But you know, that's just for you. Maybe you're getting a lot from your diet already and that some of the money Great beat so, you know things like that are going to be are going to have created and them and I've always eaten a lot of red meat, you know, it's something that's been in my diet since I was a kid because I worked in a powered and a pictures and stuff. Wow, okay, and it doesn't care about the environment. Well, luckily locally sourced food so you can look at too late. What about greenhouse gases? Hmm in his gases. Yeah. I don't know what he knows. Okay, we will leave that. But yeah in terms of creatine I within over stress about it tends to be from what I've seen from experience. It tends to sort of drop down a little bit within a few weeks. But again is that you losing body fat is that you losing water and you weren't really knowing that she say it. Since if you're dieting then things might be a little bit different if you take some Crews here in and then a couple weeks later you also have hormonal fluctuations and that makes you retain more water like it is it's very hard to accurately measure that especially for a woman who's going to have more fluctuations than and then other people so I guess with anything that's a water fluctuation like try not to stress about it. I'm also guessing is because you know a lot lately was it made of percent of the studies that they've done with creating have been a man is never done them on very few that we've done and women and yes, that's what is wise because of the hormonal fluctuations were things like that. So it's really hard to study women because as we know around at different stages of our cycle will be stronger or weaker, I guess from Baseline, then we would be at other stages. So if you're trying to Sorry, it's a notification just popped up which I'm ignoring if you're trying to measure someone's strength or a woman strength. Like let's say they're on Creatine or let's say they're doing a certain training program and you're trying to see how effective that is. You've also got to take into account their cycle. And then you've also got to take into account that maybe they're on contraceptive forms, which might all Gary or maybe some of them have a four week cycle. Some of them have a five week cycle some of them, you know. Maybe don't have a cycle. There's so many factors that can come into it that it's really hard to study women which is why there's not much research at all on women. Yeah, and also because science is sexist, but you know, that's besides the point. Okay, I think we've covered that you're going to next one, which is where can I get nutrition information and I'm just going to use this to Boost eiq nutrition, which is is a education platform that Amelia and I are building at the moment. It should be ready within the next couple of months and I'm really excited about this education is a huge passion of mine, especially with in the fitness industry and a huge part of how I coach because I believe it gives you Freedom so that you can understand the process and then you can Implement that into a life how you wish you don't feel lost or confused or over restricted and Importantly you're in control of your own results. And that's a hugely empowering empowering feeling. So that's kind of why we've decided to build this nutrition information platform. Some of it will be training information as well or well I say platform. It's more of a course, but I genuinely like I do get this question a lot and and most of the time I have to say, oh go to PubMed, but that's really not what useful information. In if you've never to be honest, if you've never been to UNI and been taught how to interpret scientific studies, it isn't that easy and actually reading the results of a study or reading the conclusion of that study because let's be honest. Most people don't ever read much more than the abstract doesn't hugely tell you a lot about where to place that within your training or your nutrition or give you the background information or take you back to textbook level because maybe that's where you Are you kind of have to build the foundation up first? So this is going to be a lot of the science but plus the application and we're going to have lectures that we go through in and at the end of each lecture, we're going to have a discussion between Emilio myself to sort of explain some of the lecture and then apply it into practical application. So yeah, that's exciting exciting stuff. Yeah, very, yeah. I've been very busy on the Or yes you have? Yeah. Well, there's a silver lining to having a really bad back and not being able to do anything else. So yeah, you should talk to your laptop. Exactly. Okay, we've covered the next question about Dom's should I weigh my meat before or after cooking and the same for veg? Am I with always school before just is a lot of this stuff especially using things like MyFitnessPal most of the stuffs like raw. So if you're cooking steak, it will be out there the raw wheat of it rather than the cooked with him and it seemed for a veg as well, you know, and in fact a lot of the stuff on my fitness part actually things like pasta and race except or they'll give you the driveway and then the cooked meat as well. So they kind of guesstimate that 60 Times of race will end up a hundred twenty grams when it's cooked. So yeah, I guess I would just add like whatever you do doesn't hugely matter, but keep it the same and that's let's be real like everything is an estimate. If you put in a chicken breast into my fitness pal and it's not exactly the same as your chicken breast don't stress like it is all an estimate and we can adapt and modify from these things. The one thing I would say is like I said, keep it all the same because as Andy's He's just pointed out if you were like, oh this hundred grams of raw Ansari uncooked rice that will be fine. Because it's the same as a hundred grams of cooked rice. Well, it's not because obviously there's a hell of a lot of water that goes into that and if you do that, you'll be way of your calories. So I would just check and make sure that your whatever you're logging is in the same format as what you're cooking or remember generally if you look at food packaging food package and gives Nutritional value as it has not after you've cooked it. So like I sticks nutritional value will be on the packet will be as right there and then not once you've cooked it will be as it's raw. So don't stress too much about it. Hey, but this is interesting, isn't it? Because you got so it'd be a hundred grams of or whatever raw steak. Which after you cook it well weigh it quite a lot less. Yep, and then you think about how much of that steak? You actually absorb as you can actually process and turn into energy. And also how much calories it takes to digest that steak. Like there's so many errors that come in. I guess my point here. Sometimes I talk about this and people like, all right. So what you're saying is I need to weigh it before and after cooking and then I need to try and work out the caloric availability of food and then take away the thermic effect of food, and then I might have and more accurate calorie count. I'm like no. No, I'm telling you not to be more in. Like accept that there are these flaws in everything and use it as an estimated Baseline. And then if you end up putting on weight, we know we need to cut back from that and vice versa. Yeah, that's it. And as you see the big one is just that you seem to get to don't get hung up on it. It's him just make sure that you're doing it. So some other things that you know folk people who we have just changed my way and I'm going to be in an after-work. No. Well. No, you don't do that. You've been waiting and the mornings over it for the whole time stay at the same place or keep it as keep it as routine this possible. Okay last question, which was a late question from the and she says we have learned that muscle growth can mask fat loss. Especially with Nubians. Can the flip side also be true. Can you mask fat gain with muscle loss would maintaining weight, but your clothes getting tied to be an indication of this at what rate can muscle breakdown? If you continue to train hard, but don't eat enough protein. Is there a link that if you don't reach a leucine threshold, you won't trigger muscle protein synthesis and you lose muscle instead of fat, even when at maintenance or Surplus, would you recommend training less intensively? If you are not hitting protein whilst eating at maintenance or Surplus? Wow, so I'm going to see that that is your thinking. We're we too far too much. Yeah, but I love the answer questions. I know it's a great question. But Bunch that's one of those ones. It's like the 2% that matters. The question is a good question, but it's like for actual when you're putting it into into play with people that something didn't probably never have to worry about. Oh, yeah, absolutely, but I love these theoretical. So I've looked a little bit into it. And as I said very good question. I don't have the data for this exact scenario. But obviously you can't build muscle without the building block so you can't build muscle without essential amino acids, but we tend to overestimate the amount of protein we need I guess especially in the fitness industry and you need to remember that it's not just protein that stimulates muscle protein synthesis, its resistance training and that has a Much more potent and long-term effect. So resistance training will stimulate muscle protein synthesis or increase the rates of for up to 48 hours after a workout. And yeah, it has a far bigger effects on muscle protein synthesis, then injesting some protein and obviously we need both so it's kind of hard to say which is more important, but do remember that, you know training will kind of think about like Use it or lose it. So if you're using that muscle unless you're really restricting your calories and your protein like you'd probably not going to lose that muscle because your it's tell every time you use it. You're telling your brain. Okay, I'm still using this muscle. Please don't break it down for energy and then actually this linked into the exact thing. I was working on for eik nutrition today. So have a look quite from study and it says although amino acid mediated increases in muscle protein synthesis are transient and they last only a few hours at most the contractile activity associated with intense resistance exercise results in increased rates of MPS that are sustained for roughly 48 hours. So two days so you can see that basically what I'm saying is no I definitely would not recommend someone reduce their training to try and step spare their muscle mass like that would be Exact opposite of what I would suggest if I might say don't do excessive amounts of cardio, but I definitely wouldn't say don't lift weights because that's going to spare your muscle. That's it. And I've managed to maintain muscle in huge deficits before just by and I had this Theory but I don't know that worked. I mean it worked but I don't know if it works because I was doing this but I would try and stimulate each muscle group at least a little bit daily. Whether that be just like two sets on a leg curl, but go close to failure so that you're really stimulating that muscle. Yeah, so the volume might not have been I mean the volume probably as a by-product was a bit higher but it wasn't the intent of it. It was more frequent stimulation of that muscle to maintain it. So and that but then that's another example of going back to the first point where yet every day. I would train every muscle part. Like I mean, I probably do like a little circuit in the morning and then I do something in the evening that was more like bodybuilder style splits, but people, you know people who have lives outside of the gym probably can't do that. Yep. That's it and no, but I do that anymore because been there done that. Got t-shirt got the T-shirt got the photo. Shoot. Whatever. That's it. Yeah, right. Okay. Well, we have reached the end of the questions. Do you have any passing thoughts? No think that's that's it for the day. Yeah, I think that was quite a thought provoking episode. Yeah. Yes, the only really brilliant questions this week, which is allowed us to get a little bit geeky on them, which I Enjoy, so please keep asking your questions in the group or in check-ins attack and especially because then I could just add them to the list that's quite a good way to do it. And sometimes I miss stuff in the group if you've not tagged me, but other things its first check ins for commit to six this weekend, which is very exciting. So I'll be doing a lot of that. Do you have any exciting weekend plans that you can divulge on a podcast? Yeah, I think On Sunday the Scotland France came to depend depending if it gets cold if it's stolen because of the coronavirus but I've got going this weekend clients, but I've got old boy football on Friday. So game two of the game 2 of the season. So yeah looking forward to kicking something new books coming as well. What's your ti called? It's Newton Heath. Whoa. I'll be your number one fan. Well there that's The nickname new he's because that's what Manchester United were originally called. So there's a lot about trivia for you. But you need something on the podcast. There you go. You're bloody welcome. There you go done and dusted.