A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear kids. Don't make up stories about things like this believe them. They cared strong parents to the message from everyone's favorite picnic basket stealing bear was clear kids. Don't lie about sex abuse. We have to believe the children. And this idea was put forward by psychiatrist Roland Summit who you heard from last episode. He'd come up with a theory that was attracting a lot of attention. It had to do with the way children who had been abused might behave Summit argued that these kids may be reluctant to talk about the abuse. They may deny it ever happened. They may even try to retract their accusations later, but he encouraged his colleagues don't turn away because these responses themselves could be symptoms of Use some its Theory came with a clinical sounding name the child sexual abuse accommodation syndrome, which I hoped would allow people to listen to the voice of a child consider the Dilemma of a child rather than rejecting this child as just another one of these kids who made up stories. Summit's theory was revolutionary and it played a crucial role in helping authorities investigate child abuse it explained why kids might appear hesitant confused or even scared while being questioned and it's safe to say that because of summits work many many child Predators were brought to Justice and children were made safer. But in California Summits Theory led to something else entirely something he never intended. From gimlet. This is conviction American Panic. I'm Sharon shatter in this episode how a well-meaning movement to protect children went tragically, awry. We left off last episode in Kern County, California where parents Scott and Brenda kniffen had been placed under arrest by the newly formed Kern County child sex abuse unit Scott and Brenda were facing a laundry list of allegations child endangerment rape sodomy and prostitution of their two young Sons Ryan and Brandon their kids had been placed in protective custody and taken to a children's shelter. They were questioned by social workers and later. Police. Okay. This is going to be an interview with branding nip and then it's on to the April 13th 1982 and present in my office. I'm done with the only Deputy district attorney and present in my office is Brandon Mebane started on this is a recording of an interview a Kern County Sheriff sergeant and a deputy district attorney conducted with nine year old Brandon - Brandon is Scott and Brenda kniffen zolda, son. By the time this recording was made Brandon and his six-year-old brother. Brian had been separated from their parents for almost a week. They'd been interviewed separately by social workers and law enforcement for dozens of hours, but none of those previous interviews were recorded. By the end of the questioning police emerged with testimony that would be pivotal in the case against the boy's parents testimony that should never have been allowed in court. These children's testimony was yanked out of them from the very beginning. This is Maggie Brock one of the leading experts in child questioning. She and her co-author wrote an award-winning book on how to interview child Witnesses. Studied the Nivens case extensively and she says that investigators in Kern County made critical mistakes in their Zeal to protect children. What they were doing was that they were coming in with a set of Acts that they wanted the child to buy into it wasn't like an investigation. They wanted to get confessions. They strongly believe these children had been molested Brooke says that one of the key mistakes investigators made was in the kinds of questions they asked She says that what you're supposed to do is get kids to supply a narrative in their own words, but in these tapes the police do the opposite here. They are talking to six year old Brian kniffen. They came to the room after your mom and dad took you there. Now. These are the six people that had all their clothes off. Okay, and you say that they that they tore all of your clothes off and tore all of Brandon's clothes off after they got your what you answer to that. You have to say out loud so I can hear okay, we're okay after they so the kids were just brought in and blasted with questions one question after another which was you know, did this happen didn't this happen and they were repeatedly asked these questions until they would say yes, and no because your close-up, will you there when that happened? Is your answer? Yes. Okay, they were never told that if you don't know the answer, you should say I don't know the answer or I can't remember none of that was in any of this. So that besides the six naked people those were adult people. The out loud. Yeah. Okay, when so then there were only those six naked people and you and Brandon were naked, right? Okay, and then look at these transcripts and you realize wow, you know, this child is really not telling anything in his own words Maggie Brooks says another mistake they make is using encouraging statements kids naturally want to please adults and so if an adult encourages a kid to answer a certain way the kid is more likely to give that answer. In this next example, the detective says we need to know everything that happened. Just tell us the truth. You're doing a real good job. And at first Brandon stays quiet good boy. You've been a trooper. I think you're almost a man Brandon whenever you need move with the adult people. What is it with anybody ever? Thank you or with you or anything or act like they were doing it. eventually Brandon agrees that yes people whipped him Maggie Brooks says the most important red flag in these interviews has to do with the use of peer pressure kids are especially vulnerable to peer pressure. And in these tapes you hear the officers use it to get the answers. They're looking for did any of these men ever stick? It penis up your body. Brian says Nah, no, nothing ever happened instead of moving on the detective makes him feel like he gave the wrong answer not the answer his older. Other Brandon gave you sure about that. I think Brandon told us that that happened to be clear. The police are lying to Brian In This Moment his older brother hadn't told investigators that this happened to him, but you can hear the peer pressure working as Brian changes his story and a no becomes a yes that happened it. Did somebody stick a penis up your butt. Yeah. Well, yeah, okay. Now besides having penises put up your butt. I think Brandon told us that also they made you and him put your mouth on their penises. Did that happen Okay and officers lied to the Nivens about other things as well. They told the boys if they just said the allegations were true. They could go home police also said that confirming the allegations would help the boy's parents and remember from the perspective of the boys who 9 & 6 & 3rd and 1st grade week ago they'd been taken from their parents and hadn't seen them since at some point back in that room in the police station after being questioned over and over it all becomes too much for six year old Brian. It's alright don't get scared. Don't get scared. Don't get scared on me. Now. Remember member women million are at their weekly. We would lie to you. Okay, we want to help you. Okay. Hey. Brian says I miss my mommy. I know you do. I know you do. What's perhaps most disturbing about these recordings. Is that everyone thought they were acting in the best interests of the boys, but in their effort to protect the kids law enforcement instead coerce them. One of the officers from these recordings has since passed away. We reached out to the surviving investigator for comment and he refused to talk to us on the record on the basis of these transcripts prosecutors began building a case against Brenda and Scott kniffen and their friends the mcewan's for what they were now calling a for person's sex ring. Dr. Roland Summit the believe the children expert consulted with social workers and prosecutors in the lead up to the trial. Meanwhile unable to afford bail Brandon Scott waited in jail where the mere allegation of child sex abuse can be a death sentence jail was horrible. One of the officers had let the girls and to beat me up. So I got my nose broken. They threw urine on me and books at me and all kinds of things and I didn't want to tell all them on the girls. Girls for doing it but one of the officers told me if you don't tell they're going to kill you. Wow, so it's just these charges were so horrible that these people thought I mean it was basically guilty before trial. Yeah, you're guilty until proven innocent after five days Brenda and Scott's families were able to scrape together the three hundred thousand dollars they needed for bail. And so the Nivens returned home to an empty house. Their kids have been taken away and put into foster care Brandon Scott hadn't been able to see them talk to them or contact them in any way for nearly two years as you're getting ready for this trial. How are you feeling? I was stressed out. It was just a horrible. I would go back to my kids room and I would think I would hear them calling me. I would go running back there and they Aren't there. It's just really hard when you have kids and then all of a sudden you don't have kids so is taking a lot of nerve medication and one time I was going to take a whole bunch of pills trying to kill myself and Scott said if the boys get to come home, they won't have a mother. So you need to straighten up not do this, but I was just devastated. I was crying all the time. I was in a fog I just going through the motions The Joint trial of the Nivens and their friends the mcewan's began on August 15 1983. The courtroom was packed with reporters and the general public by this point investigators hadn't found any Witnesses pornography photos hotel receipts or secret bank accounts to back up the child prostitution charges, but they did have one very important thing. medical evidence the jury heard from a medical doctor named Bruce would Lang would examine the kniffen boys about a week after they were taken from their parents. He found no bruising or obvious signs of abuse, but he noticed something else that alarmed him when he examined their genitals. He said he'd done this test on them and that when he struck their anuses with the Q-tip, they reflexively opened or winked. Dr. Woodling told the jury that this was evidence of sodomy it was probably one of the strongest elements of a prosecution. This is Debbie Nathan. She's a journalist who investigated the Kern County cases and reported a lot on doctor. Would Lang he had pioneered the idea that the anal wink was diagnostic of sex abuse, and he said that the anus never did that unless the child was used to being abused. Finally it all sounded very technical and very very scientific. The problem was it wasn't true this unsettling piece of scientific theory comes from the 19th century when doctors thought they could use physical evidence to identify and often persecute gay men by the 1970s scientists had thoroughly debunked this idea, but the belief persisted the Nivens attorney asked to have the boys re-examined by another doctor. Order but the judge denied it in addition transcripts of the kniffen boys testimony were allowed into evidence, but the actual tapes of the children being questioned by police where you can hear six year old Brian crying and asking for his mommy were barred from the courtroom the jury never heard them. The jury was also barred from learning about the mental illness of the original accuser Marianne Barber the judge ruled that her mental state wasn't relevant Scott kniffen. Couldn't believe what was happening. It's not easy to carry that on your shoulders to know that you're innocent of something and you're being accused and pretty much or guilty until you can prove you're innocent then we go to trial and the judge doesn't give us the opportunity to prove that were innocent anything and everything. We tried to present and do we just got the door slammed in our face? Perhaps the most damning evidence at the trial came from Scott and Brenda Zone children at this point Brandon and Brian kniffen had been separated from their parents and in foster care for nearly two years when they got on the stand, they were almost unrecognizable to their parents. They seemed like they were drugged like they're a little zombies. So what were they saying during the trial they were saying they were molested they were saying they were sold to strangers. They were saying they were hung on hooks. I cried a lot. I hadn't seen him in a couple of years and it was just devastating to hear him up there saying everything they were saying as you're hearing your kids say the stuff. Did you have hope for a not guilty verdict? How are you feeling? Yeah, we always thought we would be found innocent and we thought when the boy saw us that they would quit lying But that didn't happen. Hearing the boys describe sexual abuse and graphic adult language made a big impression on the media and on the jury how would the kids even know about these ideas what people didn't realize is that there's actually a pretty simple explanation for this again. Here's child questioning expert Maggie Brock. They learn about the concepts. Through the questions that were asked in the interview. So if he gets on the stand and says he put his penis in my but you can say wow, you know, why would a kid ever say that well because he's been asked about it a lot and he's learned that concept. That's how it's been nine months since the trial of the Netherlands and the mcewan's got underway and experience that prosecutor. Gendo says, none of them will ever forget he wants the jurors to remember what the four children told them under oath about being tied naked to a Living in the family home and being sexually molested going to sex parties with their parents were both molested them and then pass them along to strangers to have sex. They are not testifying. Pendants are their parents. After closing arguments the jury took nearly five months to deliberate in on May 16th 1984. They returned to deliver their verdict against all four defendants when the jury came in the looks on their faces made us think that we were going to be found guilty or make eye contact with us. They just acted different. Yeah, when they read our churches that we have stand up. Yeah. I think we did. Well - Ralph each count and guilty on every count each charge consecutive and so I fainted I was just devastated. The power of the children's testimony together with the supposed proof from the expert witness has led to shockingly long sentences Superior Court, Judge Marvin Ferguson sentence 30 year-old Scott kniffen and his wife Brenda to 240 years. Each 30 year old Alvin McEwen to a 268 year term is 27 year old wife Deborah to 250 two years. It's estimated that they would be eligible for parole. in the year 2110 inside the courtroom. The guard said about removing Brenda and Scott. They would be transported to separate prisons immediately. They were taking us out of the courtroom and they said don't you want to tell your husband? Goodbye him and I thought oh, yeah because it just didn't dawn on me that I wasn't going to see him again Scott and Brenda kniffen were allowed one final 15-minute visit with their boys. They told my John that the visit would be supervised by police and a social worker. She told us that if we said anything about the case or we miss him or anything like that that the visit would be terminated immediately. So we had to be very careful about what we said. Scott what did you say to your son's one a lot? I could really say that, you know, how you doing? And you know what's going on with school and stuff like that. How are you feeling inside though? Oh, I didn't want the visit to end and they told me I couldn't cry because if I cried they were going to end the visit that was hard not to cry. Yeah as the kniffen sat in their prison cells separated from one another and their kids serving out their 240 year sentences and trying to make sense of everything what they couldn't have known was that what was happening to them was just the beginning. Tsar story unfolded in a Los Angeles court today a story involving sexual abuse of children in daycare centers case of prosecutors say could have National implications the McMartin preschool just two hours south in Manhattan Beach, California was about to become a household name. That's after the break. Welcome back to conviction. I'm Sharon Shattuck around the same time that the Nivens in the mcewan's were being sent to prison in Kern County two hours south a very similar situation was brewing at the McMartin preschool in Manhattan Beach California in alarming numbers preschoolers have been exploited in role for over 20 years. The McMartin family had run the school without incident, but in 1983 a single accusation of abuse set off a firestorm. What prosecutors charge happened here at the McMartin School in a suburb of Los Angeles is just the latest though, perhaps the most shocking case in the country. The chain of events of the McMartin preschool case was almost exactly the same as Kern County first came the lone accusation from a woman who also suffered from a mental illness schizophrenia. In this case who was also concerned that her son was being abused. She also regularly checked her son's private parts for signs of abuse. Us and eventually called the police convinced that one of her son's Preschool teachers was abusing him the police looked into the allegations and didn't find any evidence to back up the claims. But then they did something that would change the course of the entire case and perhaps many cases to follow. Here's lawyer Mike snedeker. What happened was the local cops sent out a letter to hundreds of parents telling them that awful things may have happened to their children. bad things families get a letter from the police. It says what it says go home and ask your children if they've been sexually abused. Yeah, it's a general letter of alarm concerning possible sexual abuse. I mean if I was a parent of a kid at the daycare, then I would have just freaked out. Parents understandably went ballistic. They question their children again and again about oral sex and sodomy and then called each other to compare notes and they brought their children to therapists who specialized in child abuse. One of the most prominent of these therapists rare extremely rare was a woman named Kee MacFarlane her child make up something about sex. It's her voice you hear in that PSA we played at the Of the episode McFarland was the director of a child sexual abuse group at Children's Institute International a private welfare agency in La she along with colleague. Dr. Roland Summit the believe the children expert had led the charge to bring the issue of child abuse public a deputy district attorney in Allah asked McFarland to evaluate several of the McMartin preschool children and soon parents started flocking to McFarland's group at Children's Institute International for Diagnostic interviews. Here's McFarland on a local news segment encouraging kids to talk you're afraid if you want to get it out of you. You can help yourself and you can help other children. If you're afraid to call your to tell your parents you can call us. We will help you. Tell it and will help you tell your parents are number at the to dr. Roland Summit was also on hand again. This time Consulting with the LA DA's office and here therapist took Summits Theory to an extreme that would have disastrous consequences. Summit had urged parents and therapists to listen to children to believe them. Even if you had to coax it out of them, but read a certain way summit's theory was a catch 22, where abuse was the only possible outcome. If a child said, he was abused he was telling the truth if He denied it or recanted later. Well, that could also be evidence of abuse again Mike snedeker and the only way you could make a mistake and interviewing them was to be not aggressive enough for not caring enough because they wouldn't allow you had to push push hardeners. Everything was okay in the name of the children. There's a transcript from one of the therapy sessions that illustrates this point while talking with a girl in grade school named Christie Kee, MacFarlane. As we know there were naked games at your preschool McFarland, then looks directly at the hand puppet. Christie's holding and asks, do you remember that bear when Christy shakes the puppets head? No McFarland says, oh bear. Maybe you don't have a very good memory. Your memory must not be as good as Christie's friends memories. We reached out to Kee MacFarlane for comment but she refused to speak to us on the record. Most likely social workers believe they were doing this for the greater good and they were in a really tough spot. If they made the wrong call during these interviews, they could be sending kids back to their abusers. So they erred on the side of aggressive questioning and that led to staggering results of the four. Hundred McMartin preschoolers interviewed by Children's Institute International 350 were determined to be sexually abused the abuse was then confirmed by a medical doctor who was trained by dr. Bruce Woodling the same guy who did that anal wink test you heard about earlier originally only one McMartin teacher was accused but soon there were claims against seven, including the grandmotherly founder of the school. She sat in her. A wheelchair with teddy bear pins on her blouse and Snoopy earrings on her ears Virginia McMartin the owner of the preschool in which kids were allegedly scared into Silence about sexual assaults by being forced to watch animals being mutilated the sheer volume of these new allegations and the expanding circle of alleged perpetrators made Kee MacFarlane suspicious. She thought there could be something even more elaborate going on than a few cases of child abuse at a preschool and in September. 1984 she voiced her concerns in a speech to members of Congress in a crowded room on Capitol Hill McFarland said quote. I believe we are dealing with no less than conspiracies in these cases organized operations of child Predators. McFarland's testimony was national news. The idea that preschools were being used as a hunting ground for child Predators terrified parents everywhere. The Panic was like a virus spreading across California and becoming stronger. Back in Kern County where the Panic first began it was two years after the first allegations of a sex ring and people were watching the McMartin preschool case play out on national TV. I remember one day sitting there with a friend of mine and he said did you see about those child molesters and and we talked about it and what they said had happened and we were just disgusted with those people, you know, it was like I don't care what they do to him. You know, it doesn't matter they're disgusting this John Stoll, he was living in Kern County in 1984 and working as a union carpenter at the time of the McMartin in Kern County cases. John had recently separated from his wife and was sharing custody of their five-year-old son Jed. I really love my son. I loved watching him grow up and knew that I had something to do with how he was going to turn out. It was an adventure. I enjoyed it then early one morning while his son was at his mom's house. And suddenly woke up to two strangers in his bedroom. I wake up to two Sheriff's detectives with the drawn gun while I'm in laying in bed and woke me up and told me to get up and I'm sitting here trying to figure out why they're here and the search warrants laying on the table. So I'm reading it and I see they're looking for any kind of pornographic pictures of children, and I'm thinking what in the world you guys are crazy. None of that stuff here. Then I realized where they were going. I mean I'm sitting there I could feel the color draining from my face. That was the strangest worst feeling I've ever ever had. You're arrested for child molestation what John Stoll didn't know at the time was that police and prosecutors in Kern County had become convinced that they didn't just have a couple cases of child abuse on their hands. They had a full-blown conspiracy the kind Kee MacFarlane had testified to Congress about And so they'd continued questioning children including one child a 7 year old named Donnie Grafton. I remember walking into the office and a lady and a fellow in there just him sitting on that desk and her to the side and feeling small and have no idea. What what was going to happen. This is Donnie Grafton today. He's 42 years old has a family of his own and is a college professor but back. In 1984 when he was in first grade police raided his house on a tip that his mom was part of the sex abuse ring and then they brought dhania for questioning in that room. The man and woman started asking Donnie questions about lots of adults in his life including John Stoll who Donnie new is the dad of one of his neighborhood friends. They told Donnie that six or seven other kids had said that John Stoll abuse them and they said that he had abused Donnie to I remember thinking That's not what happened and trying to tell them the truth then they said well, we need to just go along with what the other boys are saying. They would actually coach us what to say what they kept on saying is if you just go along with what we tell you and say like we practiced that this will all be over sooner. I absolutely knew it was a lie, but I just okay maybe next week. We'll get to go back to life as normal if I just said what they said. So Donnie cooperated said what they told him to say and in June of 1984 John Stoll was arrested for child molestation and thrown in jail when I was placed in the cell. I mean, I was just really scared. I thought I was just in there and when they found out what was what I was there for I was in trouble and then I realized after talking to a few people everybody else was there for the same thing same child molesting. And I thought well, this is insane. I don't know what the hell's going on. The whole town there was child molester spawn out of the trees. I don't know how else to explain it every day in the paper. There was another arrest and was just unbelievable. It was crazy by late 1984 over a dozen men and women sat in Kern County. Jail's accused of child molestation. Just like Brenda and Scott. Kniffen, everybody. We knew was afraid they were going to get arrested. Yeah. He's just spiraling out of control. Brenda and Scott kniffen watched his new inmates kept arriving at the jail. Brenda was struck by how similar their stories were to hers. They would say what happened in court and they'd say what the kids were saying and they had the same hopes and dreams I had and they'd say we're going to get to go home and I would just sit and say well, you know what the same thing happened in my case. I don't think you're going home. In fact, the arrests were just getting started. Arted in Kern County and things were about to get even crazier. Up to this point the accusations of sex rings and child abuse were vast and horrifying but they weren't yet labeled satanic the words ritual abuse had yet to appear in California's courtrooms for that to happen a familiar character needed to re-enter the story. Dr. Lawrence Pastor co-author of the book Michelle remembers remember pastor and his patient now girlfriend Michelle were traveling all around the country and sharing their story with audiences of law enforcement and in November of 1984. They went to California to lend their expertise to police prosecutors and parents in the McMartin preschool case. Well, there's no recording of what dr. Pastor told the group gathered at the Los Angeles DA's office. He had these kinds of meetings often Pastor would usually sit down with concerned parents in a high school gymnasium or with the group of police officers in a Precinct conference room and encourage them to look hard for signs that they might be dealing with something satanic. Here's Mike snedeker. The lawyer you met earlier. You described the Menace of Satanic ritual abuse. He would talk about what he learned from Michelle how hard it is to find how you've got a really persist how doesn't immediately surface and he would encourage them to drive on to continue interviewing people even if people seem to deny it. And so that's what investigators did after Lawrence pastor and the whole satanic elements came to for they started looking for that and whatever they looked for. They found the kids at the McMartin preschool were now telling investigators that they saw which has fly around the room that some of the teachers were red robes and that they had been taken to a cemetery where dead bodies were dug up and hacked to Pieces causing blood to spurt out. And they said they were flushed down the toilet to a secret underground room where they were abused cleaned up and then return to their parents. It was absolutely surreal sort of thing that nobody in their right mind would believe that everyone was swallowing it whole Coming up in the next episode. What happens when everyone becomes a suspect? I have caught in a snare with kiss but girl sings a sweet to me Gina do his conviction is a production of gimlet. This season is hosted and produced by me Sharon Shattuck and by Julia Marchesi. Our producers are Meg Driscoll and John White additional production by Matthew Bowl. Our senior producer is Lauren Silverman. Our editors are Devon Taylor and Alex blumberg sound design and mixing by Matthew Bowl. Hangman original music by Marcus begala. Our credit song is hangman by red tail ring for full music credits. Go to gimlet media.com. Our fact Checker is Nicole Basilica special. Thanks to Rachel Strom Bobby Lord. List Fulton Emily Foreman Linda star the Northern California Innocence Project. Mike's not occur Debbie Nathan Brandon. Kniffen, Vivian Lewis and Dana nachman. Thanks for listening. List Fulton Emily Foreman Linda star the Northern California Innocence Project. Mike's not occur Debbie Nathan Brandon. Kniffen, Vivian Lewis and Dana nachman. Thanks for listening.