What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this post. I forget exactly who had reached out to me. Someone had reached out and said that like, you can't compare trout to Acuna because of how many more products there are because the Bowman Chrome card and the tops card are there more valuable but there's also there was also less products back then so that's one reason. Those are two reasons why the car Actually more valuable. Actually, I'm trying to fix this mic here. So hopefully if the beginning of this episode you couldn't hear me very well. Hopefully you can hear my little bit better now. So basically what I'm doing here is I have the tops and Bowman. I looked up Bellinger trout Acuna tatis Alonzo, and then I was looking up Lindor and Bryce Harper, but the thing that I'm trying to figure out now is the is the best way to include number of Cards into this formula somehow. Because just for example like Bellinger has 39 percent. So these are PSA numbers. So PSA 10 tops Bellinger has 1500 at least from from what I saw and I'm hoping that I'm correct here, but then his bowmen rookie has 621 which is interesting because so there's 39 percent less Bowman cards, but like there aren't as many on eBay so that One thing that I found kind of interesting like for example, like a cunha there was 442 Bowman Chrome PSA tens. And those are harder to find on eBay but like not as hard like I felt I think I saw more a kunas which I mean Acuna Bowman Chrome compared to his tops update. So Acuna stops update. There's over 10,000 almost 11,000 actually right around 10,000 895. That's actually the exact number of PSA tense that I when I was Documenting this so that's about there's about four percent Bowman. Chrome's compared to the compared to the tops update. So like with trout total PSA 10 numbers. There's 4600 4673 PSA 10 tops updates and for Bowman Draft. So the thing also with trout is that there's a Bowman card and then there's a Bowman draft card now I'm confused about the order that they came. Wouldn't I think Bowman came out first but there's about half of the population. So if you're looking into the Mike Trout, there's one of him like standing straight up and like almost looking similar to his bowmen Chrome first Bowman card, but then there's also one of hymns like swinging more and that's the Bowman draft card. So the for the bomb and draft there was eleven hundred and twenty-three total cards or a total PSA tens. And then for the other Bowman there was 420 420 to so a little bit less than half. I mean actually more like there's a third actually and price-wise the price for the Trout's actually has gone up a little bit. So they were sitting around 1100 like even a couple weeks ago and now they're at like 1600. So they've gone up like 500 bucks which is pretty crazy and the The Bowman draft card. So this is kind of the trout was one of the baselines that I was using to try and figure out this algorithm and try and figure out what data points. I need to be putting in to try and figure out like a some sort of value prop like where it's Like if this card is if this card has this which okay. Sorry, if this card has this many PSA 10th and at this price that means goodbye because the percentage growth is higher than it should be with some of the other cards in which eventually I think I probably want to try and add more cards into this algorithm. But I think also the other thing is that you have I'm looking into the cards themselves like which cards are more valuable. Well because like so I had to ask somebody might work about like what he thought of this algorithm that I was putting together. He's like a numbers guy and he was saying like that. He didn't he doesn't really understand cards. I was just giving him the raw data and asking him what his thoughts were and he said that he he didn't really understand what the difference between the Cards was and he said that he would obviously by the one that was cheaper if he thought there was more value which was which is the whole point of kind of what I'm trying to figure And since he doesn't understand the cards, he was just looking at numbers. I think the card itself does need to be taken into account which will be a variable that will probably be I don't know if I'm going to like, I don't know because it's it's almost like the value of the card itself, I guess matters, but at the same time like I'm looking I'm trying to find cards that are undervalued essentially. So like if I am, I mean I guess Guess what I could do is I could like rank all the cards. So this is the other part. I'm trying to figure out is trying to figure out how many cards there are like how many products of each player there is so I'm on a website called Trading Card database and it has all it has basically all the cards and log with pictures but the one problem is it has all of the it has parallel cards. So like like I'm just looking at my trout specifically and it's 2011 Bowman Bowman's best prospects. Then it also has like the atomic power factor the printing plates all that stuff. So it's going to be a little bit tougher. I think I have to like count the cards which is going to be like a huge pain because like there is let me just see how many pages of cards there are four trout. Well, so for trousers only five pages, so that's not too bad. But I also it's going to be tough to look into see to figure out like what the what the exact number is going to be. I don't know. It's something that I'm trying to figure out. That's the one part that you know, if anybody had if anybody knows a way to do this then you know Mess send me a message on Instagram because I am actively looking for a way to figure out what the best way to figure out how many products a player was in for the most part because like I said, this has all the repeal has all the All the parallel cars and not just the products and that's why I'm trying to trying to look into this a little bit more. So I think maybe the point here that one of the points that I had just been making was about the value of the cars themselves. So like I guess if I'm ranking all the cards and I were to say I need to give them I need to I need to give them a value which is tougher because I could just use the price value but the price value is where I'm trying to find. The gaps like I'm trying to find the car that's under price. Where as the as the tops Flagship rookie goes up this card then should also go up and this car actually is undervalued because the tops the tops card is worth x amount. So like just for example, like I'm looking at like the Acuna I'll use him as an example cuz I have his numbers logged here and these numbers are going to change over time because these cards are going to go up in theory. They should but like the Acuna. Goonies like 200 bucks right now for a PSA 10 tops update card number 250 his bowmen Chrome card is fifty fifty dollars. So the Bowman Chrome card is 25 percent of the value of the tops tops update. But so there are only four hundred and forty-two total Bowman Chrome cards compared to the 10th out almost 11,000 tops update cars. So that's about four percent. So it's about four percent of the total population. Nation of the PSA 10 Bowman's compared to the PSA 10 tops, but if you look at a player like I guess I'll use to tease here. No actually shoot. So I'll use to use trout which like I said these examples. I'm trying to figure out a way to give value to how many cards there are basically because that's one thing that I think was brought up. That is an interesting point and I agree and could affect the the algorithm I guess or whatever so with trout there are For hunters 4672 tops update PSA tens. There is eleven hundred and twenty-three Bowman Draft. So that's about twenty four percent. So there are about a 24 percent difference between how many there are but then if you look at the pricing, so the pricing of the tops update is about 1600 and The Bowman Draft is about 600. So that's about a 37% value difference like decrease in value, whatever I kind of when I was doing the day before. The it was more like the trout was a thousand and The Bowman Draft was about 500. So there was about a 50 percent difference in value there at the time when I was making the post which was like, I mean, I'm going to scroll back my Instagram and just see if I can find the find the post because let's see. I don't even remember how far back I would have been making this probably would have been during last baseball season. So let's keep scrolling here. Let me see if I can. Find it. Hopefully bear with me here. Sorry everybody. I know that I do this pretty often and I can get kind of annoying but this is important here it is. So one of the one of the posts that I made was from August 31st, so I was saying that the Acuna rookies had gone up in price. These were still sitting around $50 back then so I basically the pose I said last month the Acuna rookies in the last month. You couldn't rookies have exploded doubling in price. He's only this he's only in his second season, but there's already been comparisons to Trout assuming his prices going up going to be the next trout what will happen. So also I think the one problem that I'm also having here is potentially a player like a cunha having a short print this is same with Ladd jr. Having a short prayer in which the Acuna jr. The Acuna short point is way less short printed than the Vlad junior short print. So that's also a factor. So these are kind of things like, like I said, the card itself is going to have to I'm gonna have to figure out how to give the card value with self and maybe this is it so I'm just looking the Acuna right now are right about 200 the Trout's are about a thousand so that was kind of where I was at then so also the true Back then was about 400. So I'm just going to put this into the thing that I have and see what the percentage would be. So it's about forty percent. So realistically I think the 37 so 35 to 40 percent could be the value of these cards could be the correct value like if you're looking at looking and that's kind of where I'm trying to find players who have these Bowman rookies that maybe are a little bit It lower so like that's why I'm saying like a cunha. So for example, if a cunha was was so 200 here divided by 37 percent. So the that can't be that's not right. So I needed two times here times 37 percent. So the Acuna if the 37% is used for the Acuna Bowman Chrome card. It should be about $75 and this is kind of what I'm trying to figure out what this algorithm here is. How to how to find how to find a number that effectively will give me what the price should be if the if the cards are along the same trajectory as the trout cards, which so I'm on the trading card database here and Trump. Sorry just almost draw my phone there the trout cards. Have 225 total cards on the trading card database and if you go to a Cooney has page, which I have pulled up as well in front of me on my laptop. It's just loading. It's going to take a second here. Come on. Don't don't do this to me. I'm recording don't you know, I'm trying to record a podcast here. 1,400 so that would mean let me just go and I mean 1400 equals and I know somebody that's way better math is going to be way quicker doing this. So 1400 / Actually, no we got to do the other way around so equals 22 actually. I don't know what order I need to do this in but we're going to do it in this order for now divided by 14 1447. So I don't know I'm not sure if I did this look in the correct order, but there's 15% of the There's 85 percent more Acuna cards. I think that's how I did that right? Realistically. I don't know exactly what the number was trying to pull here. There's way more kunas. And actually I probably should just do it this way. I should probably just flip these numbers and find the how many times more there are so so 14 for 7. So there's six point four times more Acuna card. So this is where you know using trout Maybe as the Baseline isn't isn't going to work because with the with the trout cards is and at this is with parallels and everything. So like like I said, it's not products its with the parallels, but this is also I mean there are just more products with the Kunia like maybe there's a way to look up like I don't know because at the same time trout wasn't in products until later on in the year if I'm not mistaken, like I don't know for sure because I'm not I wasn't collecting. It's back in 2011. I was graduating high school. So yeah, like The Bowman are see there. That's an interesting so that I think I said must have been so I guess the Bowman RC must The Bowman Crow must have been in Beaumont baseball or something and then because the other one was from Roman draft, which is booming draft picks here. So yeah just looking at I'm not sure so I'm going to have to give that a value in this algorithm trying to put together the The amount of cards will matter but I'd have to figure out how much it's going to matter and how much like we're like where the value comes from if there are 6 times more choices if there's six if with trout and I'm just going to use a number here if there's if there were 10 trout cards there 60 Acuna cards. So I guess that will matter it's just and then because I mean Bellinger is another player I looked up. Has 1200 so I mean, let me look up like Fernando tati's and C4 Nando tatis Junior will see how many cards he had last year, which I'm sure I mean, it's got to be almost the same as the cunha actually. Yeah, it's got to be almost the same as Konya. Okay. So way more so 2400 cards. So like even I mean that's even crazier there, so maybe I'm incorrect here. But let's just see Denny 2400 that's ten times ten point eight times more cards. So that's something I'm going to have to figure out and if anybody has any suggestions on how I can incorporate total Cards into the value of this algorithm definitely let me know here because I don't know, you know, I don't even know if realistic. I don't know how to value that. with trout because he is the best to so like I'm assuming that like a player like Acuna is going to become as good as trout, but I'm also looking at I don't know. I guess this is kind of the this is sort of an issue that I'm running into now, but we're kind of we're doing this live. So I'm recording some of these numbers live here. So they now you're seeing me kind of rethink trying to rethink and brainstorm a little bit of how I can maybe make some edits to this and figure out if I need to shift kind of my thought process when I'm doing all this. Hmm. Let me see. How can let me just try and think here. I'm going to try I mean and it could just be that maybe Bowman isn't the card to look into. I mean, it could be I mean, the only problem is you have to look at products that were around back then and I think one thing that one of my points I think I tried to make when someone was trying to tell me that the products totally matter was that I thought that yes, they do matter in the sense that like when people have more options that's going to that's going to it doesn't necessarily mean that The value isn't going to be there but it means that there's just more options for people to choose a different card. If they did see one that they like I just don't know like the other thing is like the like I said the value of the product itself, like what were the like sure they're probably wasn't Gypsy queen or the probably wasn't like Allen and Ginter back. Then there wasn't he doesn't have a Heritage card in 2011-2012. He has a Heritage card which I was surprised to see is going for like 300 for a PSA 10. So That could be an interesting car. But I mean, I don't know if it's the value of these cards. I guess. I'm trying to figure out where there are opportunities to opportunities to find undervalued cards where like because what's happening is that I think like with the Ballinger cards and with Acuna there they're almost pricing themselves out of the market and if I I don't know if I said that on the last episode, but I know I wrote that to somebody so like if I use that term for the second time for the second day in a row, I'm sorry if that annoys people but it's a term that I think is makes sense for this type of kind of data analysis and all the kind of information that I'm trying to pull from pull from these cards. Basically. It's trying to figure out where As these tops cards get a little bit more expensive and if they potentially become like the trout cards like the only other thing that I also am looking at is like Acuna has Kony has over 10,000 almost 11,000 PSA 10 tops update cards where his where trout only has about 4600. I think you could look at like the like the Acuna bat down short print from series. To that card is around the same price as the trout car. Last time I checked it was in that 12 to 13 range of probably has gone up actually since the other Acuna cards have gone up but like these short printed version of that has the bat down has seen similar value to the Trout card. And I actually I'm just going to pull up the PSA Pop Report here and see see if we can look at how many of those card there are compared to Trout because like I don't know like I think I made it because there's also other short prints that you can get. So like there's a short print in series and update tops update tops. I don't know it's series to going to show up because that's what I'm looking for. I'm looking for the short print bat down. No not the tops Chrome I clicked on tops Chrome on accident or I know did I know I didn't also the crazy thing about that when you go to the PSA Pop Report databases, it takes forever to load the last few years of products like so annoying because there's so many there's so many parallels and cards like I don't know where the I don't know how this number works but like in PSA like if you go to 2018 tops, it says there's Cards, which I think that's all the parallels and everything. Okay, so Acuna and then it takes forever the for the player to load because I don't know what the deal is but it just takes forever here. I mean, I'm actually surprised that Aaron judge from 2018 tops has 389 he was card. Number one in 2018 389 I spelled his name wrong. That's not good cunha 389 PSA tens, which is interesting that people would send those in maybe has something to I guess that's something I should look into a little bit maybe second your cards. It's something that I've also been looking into recently and I've been trying to communicate that a little bit better because I feel like sometimes I don't okay, so Is the so bat down. I'm not exactly sure what the difference is here because there's that down and then and then there's one that says not that down either way. There's for each of them. There's only 294 so like PSA 10 wise there are Like I'm just going to use these numbers again. So 404 six for 3,400 4673 / to 300. Oops. I got to do equals here. And I've started any time. So there's 15 times more tops update. Mike Trout's in there are Kunia short print. So, you know, I don't know. Maybe that's that maybe that's an Avenue where there's some value there. If you're looking into it and value is in like it could go up based off of some of the other things that I like the the algorithm trying to put together as where is the value of these cards and like how like, where is they're going to this is the thing. I'm trying to figure this out basically. But also like I said, I've been trying to talk out more of what I've been looking into. Oh, and then sorry the other point is that any time you look into something. You should just like document it like open up a spreadsheet and even if you're just looking up like PSA Pop reports, like there's no point in not just like tracking it for example, like the other day. I was looking up which these numbers have actually changed pretty significantly. I was looking up the Luca and Trey PSA 10 numbers and raw numbers of all of their car. Like between prism optic domra select and Hoops. I mean obviously it gone up crazy amount. I mean trays are up above 200. That's crazy. Luke has are up around like 500, which whoo, I was I almost sold to Luke has like I had the two Lookers that I had and I wanted to buy that Luke car that I was talking about on the last one of the last podcast that I was alive. Then I was live podcasting while I was trying to buy the Card, and I almost sold I told I told I sent this to Sasha from for Life trading cards. I sent this to him and I was like look at these cards. I'm trying to sell and he's like dude, you should take down those those Luke has because they're going to go up in value like - you know, you're right. You're right and they they literally I will almost sold two four two four five hundred which would have been 250 a piece at the time which I'm now they're up around 500. Like I said, I don't really, you know, I guess I don't We have that much else to talk about on this episode. I I'm trying to trying to figure out what the Avenues are. So that way people can maybe buy cards that they're looking for that aren't as expensive as some of the the go to Gold Standard rookie cards or whatever because I think that's I have a feeling like those markets are going to catch up to some of the gold standard and I think you know, I think it's going to take a little bit because what will happen I think will be that the new collectors will man, and they'll buy like the flagship rookie or the prism rookie and if that's too expensive for them than they may look into other products, but I think it's going to be harder because of there so many I just think I'm trying to figure out what the next product will be. That will become like that gold stint not I guess wouldn't be gold sand. I guess would be like silver standard or even bronze standard. I don't know if that's even a thing. I just maybe I just made that up silver standard. But like what's the second card that people will gravitate towards if they if they can't buy the prism which like you can if you have I mean Zion prisms are like 600 bucks like that's crazy. Like there's got to be there's going the others ions that ever going to have similar value to prism but they're not going to be as expensive like basically like I was talking about all my last episode like diversifying Within products if you if you wanted to do that. I think you also do have an opportunity where even if within how am I trying to say is even if you buy two different products and one goes up and one goes down. I know I said on the last episode like if you do that with players, that's not a good thing, but I think You have the player itself. The one main difference between buying into one player and buying in a multiple players is going to be that I don't think you're going to see the first thing that I was just saying where the one product goes up in the one product goes down. I think you if the player is going to be good or if the player plays well all the products. We'll kind of see a similar rise where that's not the case. If you're buying a bunch of different players and one of them happens to turn out to not be good. That's just it maybe it's Common Sense. Maybe it's not common sense. I don't know I mean Not every investment you make is going to be a good one. If you're buying if you're buying a lot of different players, at least that's for sure. You're going to run into some Duds probably like I bought a dish on the jeante memory card over the summary for the season started for 30 bucks for a PSA 10 because I liked him and the one thing about his cards that I thought was very interesting was when he got hurt people like LeBron and people were like reaching out on social media and like giving their props. Him or like saying like get well soon like all this stuff and it feels like sometimes that doesn't necessarily happen with every player. So I looked at it that way and I said did he other people money? He must be good because other players think that he's good. So like that's kind of a I guess that's also kind of a little tip there. If you're looking for like a mindset of what I'm thinking sometimes when I'm trying to buy sports cards is like not necessarily their play on the quarter their play on the field like what are some of the other factors That are affecting the pricing of the cards that aren't the performance of the player. I mean a hot Market obviously that's going to affect it in a positive way like the way that baseball like obviously baseball's in spring training right now, but the market has doubled for most of the top players or maybe maybe not top players but like the Acuna the Ballinger the I mean even to tease and even Alonso they have seen a pretty significant increase. I think you're seeing baseball in general is seeing a little bit of an increase. I mean, I've even seen like Louise Robert cards. Those are I'm so angry that I didn't I need to start putting my money where my mouth is sometimes like I don't do that enough. I do like talking about the cards and I think over the summer when I was buying some of those Investments did end up working out. Well, like I think I sold some stuff recently. So I sold I actually saw one of my Zions the one of the Roz ions, which I don't think it's in wouldn't get a 10 because of the centering but I sold it for a hundred. So I mean I bought it for 40, so You know more than double that I sold two of my shack cards that I bought for 30 apiece. So I told two of them 470 total and I which 30 which is 60. So, I mean that's obviously doubling their and then what was the other cards? Oh the BAM out of I/O cards ice I bought those I bought a lot of 9 and maybe this is where I need to continue to look into players that have these types of card. But the BAM out of Bio cards. I bought a bought a lot of 9 for $16. Rose and I sold one of them separately for I think eight dollars and then I sold the other eight 465. So I mean those those purchases obviously we're good. I think I've been buying some soccer stuff. That hasn't been like the MBA pay stuff obviously has gone up but like I was buying son from Tottenham and he his cards. I think he's hurt now to actually so I bought his like rookie cards. I Like some Bleacher Report video, I think during the next World Cup if he plays well those cards will go up because the video I saw basically made him look like he was one of the Beatles. I think it's how they that may have been the title of the video was like I forget his if I don't want to mispronounce his full name. So son is how I'm going to call him. He is from South Korea and he plays for Tottenham and the way that they described him in the video like people he's like the he's like a mega star in Korea. Like he's like the he's likely it was like Leonardo DiCaprio or like I don't know. I mean who I like, I don't know actually it wasn't even it really was like it was like the Beatles. It was like the Beatles when they were popular. That's what it seemed like for her son and South Korea, so I mean, like I said, I think I need to do a full show potentially on cards that I bought that I haven't really worked which like I've said in the past like I'm more interested in. Buying cards that I like rather than maybe all investing because like when I had when I was doing all investing, and I was all just looking at specifically players that I saw some margins in that I thought that I could make some money. I didn't really do very well and I got stuck with a couple of random like autos of couple random players, but regardless, so, I mean, I think that's all I got for this podcast and I think I'm running a little bit long here. This is maybe one of the longer episodes I did ramble at the end a little bit. So I hope you hope you all enjoyed my Blowing you can follow me on Tick Tock. You can follow me on Instagram its Heroes for sale. If you go to the link in my Instagram bio, you'll be able to find me everywhere everywhere else on the internet. If you want to tweet me your favorite part of the episode. It's a Palmer media on Twitter or if you want to leave a review, that would be awesome. I don't think we have very many reviews which I don't usually I've asked for a reviews of past couple times and it's hard. I understand if you want to review the show you do have to scroll through like 80s. Episodes so like that could be a pain. But if not, I hope you're subscribed. At least I'd be cool. I guess that you know, it's fine. I hope all the new listeners enjoy this episode of your like I said, if you were a our past listener, thank you for coming back. I appreciate that. But that is going to be all for today's episode. Thank you everybody and I'll see you in the next one.