My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian.At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.praise the Lord, Alabama having some church tonight. I love it. I love it. I like that. I like that little backup thing. You got going right there. I'm taking her back to Chicago with me. Mama said no, right Mama said no. Well, I am so happy to be here with all of you. What a great time. We have have you had a good time. Is anybody having a good time? It's a great place great place. Awesome time. I want to I don't want to say quickly because I want to give honor where honor is due. But I also don't want to Terry too long. But I'm I want to give honor to your district superintendent and wife brother and sister Davidson what precious precious leadership you have in this stage District? Your District secretary and white brother and sister Roberts awesome. Awesome people. your District ladies president sister Bertram I just want to tell you that was public speaking. I don't know what you're talking about. But that was public speaking. So you mark that one off your bucket list. You need to open that valve sister open that vow. I think she needs a break at one of the breakout sessions next year. I will never be kept. Yep. I'll never be coming back and to your District lady secretary sister pinton ha ha. One more time give them a big hand. Alabama is in good hands with its leadership. You guys are going places and with that kind of Mother's Memorial giving God's Gonna honor that and blessed that and you're going to continue to grow and see Revival in your midst. I believe it. Let me tell you something. These conferences are no small feat. They take a lot of time planning hard work and money. I know there are many who have worked behind the scenes. You've got your District your committee and all that. There are so many the hospitality Team all of these different things that have worked to make this conference a success. I give honor to you because regardless of how small it may have been it mattered what you did if you helped so I give honor to you to the praise team and musicians my mama, let me tell you something I go to a lot of districts and not everybody has this You are spoiled look at your neighbor and say you're a little spoiled. You're a little spoiled. Thank you for leading us not in a performance but into the presence of the almighty. Thank you. I appreciate anointed singers and musicians who know where they are taking us and can lead us there. I appreciate that. Thank you for being sensitive leaders in worship. I completely forgot. It's like I've never done this before our church has done to live recordings. We have it's grown. We have about 50 something in our music department now, which may not be big for you guys. But when our church first started we only had 30 living breathing. I don't know we might have even counted the mice but it was about 30 people and that wasn't 30 adults who was just 30 people and now we've got more on the platform On Any Given Sunday then and that's been 19 years in the works. But when I look up there and I see 45 verse Boys Choir my mind is blown at what God has done and we have done to live recordings and I bring CDs to every conference. Except Alabama. I don't know what my I don't know where my brain was. I got on the airplane and started taking off and I went my CDs but we are we are on all the digital Outlets. So if you have iTunes or whatever the other ones are you can go and you can buy Calvary United Pentecostal Church. It's at all times and praise Him Live and I would not promote them if they were terrible because I would be too embarrassed. So if you like good Apostolic music I think you will enjoy the so I'm sorry. I have to come back and bring my see I'm not doing that to you. I'm not doing that to you. I'll just send you one. If you want to see the hood and get connect you with our with our website and you can order one. It is my privilege and honor to be here with sister huizar my goodness, didn't she do an incredible job here in this morning. She was digging it up start pulling your toes in just a little bit. Can you imagine though having a mom who has a degree in criminal justice? And I was like, whoa. I thought I was Cutthroat clean your room clean your room or I'll handcuff you. Come before the court that will be in the couch. I love it. I love it. That's awesome. And I've just I cannot keep on mentioning names surprisingly. I actually know more people in Alabama than I thought I did but Alabama you got one of my girls from Chicago Danielle. Are you in the room? That's my girl. That's my girl. No matter where she roams. She's always gonna be my girl. I love her. I'm so proud of her, Alabama. You've been good to her. I thank you for taking care of my girl. I love you Danielle. I'm so proud of you. Awesome. All right, the conference theme is first-class. Somebody say first class. I am a believer that there are promises and gifts and blessings and favor that are found in following the Lord. I believe that he came that we might have Abundant Life not just in heaven some of y'all waiting to live an abundant life to you get to heaven. I believe he came so that we could have Abundant Life. Right here right now right here on Earth. I believe it. Time I was flying somewhere with both of my girls. They are now 23 and 20 they were little at the time and we were bumped up to first class and that was kind of a big deal. It was a rare treat to be sitting in first class and my two girls sat together you can be seated. Imma make you stand in a minute though because I'm a read some scripture. They were sitting just a little bit in front of me. I sat right behind them and my youngest Ashlyn was probably five or six at the time and when they brought her drink, she's got great big ol blue eyes, and she turned around to me and she said she mouth real big she goes it's a real. She was just so in awe to be in first class and I told her I said turn around and pretend you do this all the time. Listen, some of us just don't know how to ride in first class. Some of us don't know how to do it. I feel certain that this thing was chosen based off of an awareness that far too many of us are living beneath our calling as daughter as a daughter of the king of kings. But let me tell you something you can leave here turned around and living like you do this all the time. You can leave this place turned around like living like you were made for first-class, you know. Why you were made for first class? You were created to live first class with Jesus. I feel certain that's why this theme was chosen. I'm going to talk about something tonight though touches each of us at some point in our lives. It's something that if it is not dealt with it will take over and it will rob you of many of them. If not all of the benefits that the Lord has afforded his children. I want to talk about fear tonight. My title is breaking through fear, but fear has many elements in branches. Fear is not just the Boogeyman and scary things. It's worry. It's anxiety. It's depression torment fear of death phobias stress nightmares or night terrors doubt. That's just a few of the elements of fear. Now. I know that this is a heavy subject and you probably think she just sucked the life out of the room. But I promise you it's going to help you. I promise doesn't seem like a topic that's for a night lady a night service at a lady's conference. Let me tell you something ladies. I am sick and tired of seeing women who have learned to coexist with the spirit of fear. That is not Abundant Life. You were not called to coexist with darkness and depression and anxiety. That is Is not your lot in life if you have your Bible second Timothy 1 in 7, you probably know it. Thank you for standing. Second Timothy chapter 1 and verse 7 read it with me for God has not given us the spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind now look at your neighbor and say that's first class. Or Jesus I thank you so much that you have been in this place tonight your presence and your touch has been all over the house. It's been over our hearts and our lives and in our minds, you've consumed our worship Lord. I'm asking you right now that you would anoint my lips of clay. It's not about me. It's not about my performance, but Lord help me to help somebody help me Lord to help somebody and reflect you in their life so that they can live an abundant life here on Earth. Let your perfect will be accomplished in this place right now for this night. And everybody said in Jesus name if you're going to help me you may be seated. If not, you got to stand the rest of the service. Alright, I expect a lot of help in the room tonight before I dive into this. I want to say that I believe in being whole and being healthy. I believe in it mind body and spirit their intricately intertwined. We are fearfully and wonderfully. If we made there's all different part, we're not just singly layered. We are layer upon layer and all of these parts, if one of them gets off it most likely will affect the others. There are so intertwined with one another now, I personally struggled with fear mentally and spiritually but it eventually affected My overall health physically, but I want to tell you that many symptoms of fear. This is my disclaimer. I'm doing it before I get Started many symptoms of fear can be caused by a deficiency in the body. Anything from a lack of potassium vitamin D magnesium or a hormonal imbalance. Can I get a witness can produce symptoms of MIT? I apologize now for any men that may still be in the room. But many symptoms can be mimicked by just having a deficiency. So go to the doctor get an annual exam if you're suffering from something find out get some blood work done. It's not that big a deal. All you got to do is go home and take some vitamin D. If you live in the midwest like I do almost all of us are vitamin D deficient. I take it. Let me just tell you and they said it tonight not everything is spiritual. Some things are physical. I believe in taking care of our bodies so much so that I take B 12 D 3 e magnesium I take whatever make me feel better chocolate coffee. Sometimes I take Ibuprofen. Listen, you do what you gotta do to feel well, right but today so I just my disclaimer not everything is spiritual one of my best friend's is having to go for iron infusions because her iron is so low and she was she thought she was Adeline is Spirit, but she couldn't figure out why she couldn't conquer it. She was depressed. She was tired. She was wanting to quit everything and she's in Ministry. Guess what her iron had completely bottomed out. So not everything is spiritual. You gotta learn how to have some some dessert meant for what things are but have those annual checkup. So that's my disclaimer because that's not what I'm talking about. But if the spirit won't help it if your spirit feels healthy and fine. Maybe it's something the body, but today I'm going to talk about battling a spirit of fear. Somebody say a spirit of fear. Now, you may be looking at me today tonight and you're saying well, she's just she's had a mild case of fear. She hasn't she Experienced on it on the same level that I have you're looking at me saying she didn't have a clue. It's how you look at me tonight. And I know I know why you would think that because that's the way it looks when you see me today. Let me say that except for the testimony that I have that's exactly how it feels it feels like I've never been touched by fear today. But I have a testimony. I've always been very vocal concerning fear because it's something that so many women battle. I had been speaking at Women's conferences. For years and meetings and talking to ladies and talking talking about taking authority over fear and how it's not for us and on and on and there were a few that would receive it and others who really I knew I could discern that they needed to embrace it and they just didn't but in 2018 the Lord impressed me that I needed to share my story. I felt him speaking to my spirit when I was praying. He said your whole and they cannot see Any trace of fear that they can identify with? Made so much sense to me. It was then that I realized that my teaching and my preaching sounded more like something that I had heard or something that I had studied and just new with head knowledge as opposed to something that I had experienced for myself and there's a difference there's a difference so to begin with tonight. I want to share with you my story like I spend a lot of time on it, but you need to know my story. You need to know that I know what I'm talking about that I've been there you need to know. What I looked like before I looked like this. Oh, you need to know that I'm not going to embellish any part of this story for the sake of convincing you in fact, I'm just going to hit the high points like I spend a lot of time here. So I'm not sure where it all began in my adult life. I know that when I was little I would have night terrors and they would have spiritual connotations and would wait I wouldn't wake up to a place of full coherency, but I could give Accounts to my parents of what I would see and what I would know and inevitably invariably it had spiritual connotations to something that they knew and they understood now as an adult, I don't recall being affected by fear until a year and a half or so after we started pastoring. I would have been about 29 years old and unfortunately, I did not recognize recognize it for what it was now by the time it had manifested. Tested itself. I had heart problems and to wear a heart monitor for days trying to diagnose this problem to no avail. So it began to take my health. I started running very high fevers at one point. It was over a hundred and four degrees my joint stiffened and they were swollen to a place that I could barely walk and I could barely stand up from a sitting position. The doctors could not figure it out. They tested for all the Things they tested for Lupus for autoimmune disease. They tested for viral infections. They ruled them out one by one and they were completely dumbfounded. But still they progressed in my life now around this time brother Sean missionary to Pakistan came to our church. So I went up to prayer because I was very very sick and went up for prayer during prayer for the sick and a lot of the women in our church gathered around. Begin to pray for me and I felt a shift in a sense of change, but there was no immediate or noticeable physical change whatsoever brother Sean told incredible. I don't know if you've ever heard him speak, but he speaks such incredible faith building testimonies and the incredible things that have gone on and it was such a powerful faith building message than at the end of this message. He made the altar call without knowing me. He had not met me yet and he didn't know anything. Stop me. He said someone here has not gotten all that God has for them. You know when you just know it's you preacher gets up. It's like how did he know or the altar calls made in something said in something? That's your spirit quickening. You know, it's you and I knew it was me. So I went back up to the Altar and the Lord did touch me and I knew that I was at that point that what I was dealing with was spiritual however in that same night I was Even a word that I was healed, but it would not be instant. And so I continued to suffer for at least another six months with these physical symptoms. So unfortunately, I still didn't put all the pieces together time. I started having full-fledged panic and anxiety attacks at any given moment. I was fully convinced that I was going to die fully convinced. I would lie awake at night afraid to fall asleep. My girls would be in their rooms asleep. And I would think I need to go kiss them. Goodnight one more time because I didn't expect to wake up the next morning. And when I did wake up, I was surprised every morning that I was awake and still alive. Every day of my life was dark, even if it was sunny outside. I don't know how to explain that that was where I was living. I planned my own suicide. I planned it in such a way that it would look like an accident so that my family wouldn't be disappointed. And they wouldn't be ashamed of me. I did that. That point in my life. I knew I was at the bottom and I reached out to somebody and I told them that I had planned my suicide and she simply patted me on the arm, and she said I'll be here if you ever need me. In hindsight, I would just like to give her the credit to say she probably just didn't know what to do with me. I would hope that I would do better. She probably just didn't know so somewhere along the way I became terrified of flying in an airplane and we fly a lot. I would get physically ill just booking a flight months in advance. I would medicate to try and calm myself while I was on a flight now at this point. I understand. I'm battling a spirit of fear. really irritated one day when I was booking a flight because I started to have a full-out anxiety Tech just paying for the flight sitting at my computer completing the purchase and I'm going into it full anxiety attack something rose up in me at that point and I thought of all the people on an airplane I should be the last one who's afraid Of all those people everybody's sitting there I ought to be the one that's not afraid. So I got down on my knees right then and there and I told the Lord I am not getting up until you deliver me from this. So I prayed and I prayed some more and I rebuked and I rebuked and I declared and I decreed and I begged and I did all the things until finally I felt the Lord speak to me. He said do you think I'm only powerful enough to protect you when you're on the ground? It's exactly what I did the Lord knows how to talk to us. He knows our personality. He knows how to get our attention. He knows how we think and I was so ashamed I was so ashamed of myself that I had a I had doubted his ability. I felt like I had insulted the Lord. An entertaining this fear in my life and I spent the rest of that pair of time repenting and and then restoring my faith in his ability to keep me regardless. I mean the scripture does say oh keep you from falling right out of the sky would just add that. But I never have had a problem with that sense. But unfortunately, it did not end there my fear of flying and did but my battle with fear and other places did not it had affected me outside of my home. I would have a tax that would come over me to even have to walk into a store or a public place. My husband could see it in my eyes when it would come over me and he would look at me and he would say are you okay and the answer was no, so it was back before we had smartphones and I would just use good old-fashioned pen and paper. I did what I did. Nobody had talked to me about this. Nobody had stood up in a lady's conference and said this is what you do. Nobody talk to me about what to do when you're afraid or when there's true spirit of fear. Nobody had told me the only thing that I knew to do was that the word was real and that it was powerful. So I got ahold of the word and I wrote down every scripture that I could find on fear and on peace and I carried it with me everywhere. I went I was in my pocket. Or it was in my purse, but it was on my person every time I went out of the house. Now I said I did it for fear and for peace, let me tell you something here. If you're going to bind something you need to lose something in its place don't walk around binding stuff that's evil and not loosen something that's powerful and good in its place. So if you're going to bind the spirit of fear, you need to loose piece in its place. Don't leave it empty spiritual space. So I had scriptures of fear and of Peace, but I would find myself time and time and time again in my car or in a public restroom or in a corner somewhere reading the scriptures. I would just go stand in a corner because it would overtake me and I would read these scriptures over and over again out loud until there. Shift because you see you've got to speak it until you believe it. Until you believe it God has not given me the spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind God has not given me the spirit of fear, but of power listen, I would say it over and over again all while all I'm feeling is anxiety and fear, but I would stand there and I would go over and over God has not given me the spirit of fear power love sound mind. God has not given me. The spirit of fear, but of and I would say it until I believed it. You see the only person that had to be convinced was me. The devil already knows he's defeated. He already knows that you have authority over him with the word of God the name of Jesus and the blood of Jesus. He knows that he knows that if you ever realize who you are in him and who he's not it's game over. The devil knows it's me that has to be convinced. But see we're so quick to believe our feelings over truce. We worry. We bring our own supporting arguments to the worst case scenario when we worry. I can figure it out. I can find out how bad it's going to be and I can add to it. I was so good at worrying. I could even spiritually justify worrying. I could I could tell myself now think about those missionaries wives think about those stories. You've heard. God does not always prevent worse case scenario. So I would justify my worry. It's okay for me to worry about this because sometimes this happens the word of God commands us not to worry. We may not break any of the Big Ten Commandments but worrying will justify or at least I did you see Philippians 4 6 & 7 says do not be anxious about anything do not be anxious about anything somebody mean somebody say that means don't worry. That means don't worry, but in every situation say every man every situation by prayer and petition with Thanksgiving present your requests to God do not we are commanded do not be anxious for anything now watch what happens when we obey this scripture says in the peace of God which transcends all understanding will somebody Say will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. So if I obey if I'm not anxious and with prayer and Thanksgiving I come to him. He will guard my mind. You see it's a commandment with a promise connected. You got to understand those but I did not just have a single deliverance from Fear wasn't just one and done for me. It seemed that if I got it under control in one area was very be quick to pop up in another area my life. It was ever been to Chuck E. Cheese. that godforsaken place I hated it when my kids were little. I'm sure I'll love it when my grandbabies are little. But you know that game called whack a mole. That's what fear was for me in my life. I would whack it down in one spot it pop up in another I'd whackin it pop up into others and I would it was like playing whack-a-mole with fear in my life. Now. The reason for that is that fear comes from more than one place the scripture tells us that fear is not of God so we know that it comes from someplace other than God that one's easy, but sometimes it comes from me. And what I dwell on or what I entertain see we blame the devil for things that we do to ourselves. Sometimes it is the devil. But if I'm living in obedience, he has no power over me unless I allow it. Unless I allow it. So if he plants a seed and instead of me rejecting it, I water it with my thoughts and my worry and my my surroundings he can just stand back and watch me destroy myself. He didn't have to do another thing. I can do it. You see I can't rebuke what I invite in. I can't say What Fear why are you here? When I'm the one that invited it? It's there of my own invitation. You cannot rebuke what you invite into your mind into your home. You got to be careful. So what you need to know today is this when you look at me and when you see joy and when you see faith and when you see Spiritual Authority and you see a life that does not even resemble fear a life that doesn't seem like it could have ever be touched been touched by fear. You're looking at what a testimony of what God can do and alive that was completely broken and Shattered by overwhelming fear not for a moment, but for a span of years I am a testimony of what God can do in a life that has been shattered that the quality of life is completely gone. I'm not a special case. I did not tell you my story so that you could admire me. I am telling you because I want you to know what he can do and I want you to want it. I don't want you to look at me and say wow, isn't that great what God did for her. I want you to say identified with what she said. I want that. See I'm not a special case. It's not reserved for Preachers Wives or ministers wives or people who are raised in the church or Second third fourth generation Pentecost. It is for his children. His promise is unto you and all those who are afar off. You have the right to ride first class with Jesus. I want you to look at me and say if he'll do it for her. He'll do it for me. I want you to want it. I want somebody here to stop looking for quick fixes start breaking through we live in a microwave Society. That God does not operate on my time. I want somebody here to stop believing the lie that it's not for you and that well, it probably won't turn out for me like it did for her and I want you to get fed up with settling for less than what God has for you. Stop settling you're a daughter of the king of kings. You may not be rich you may not have the finest things in life, but you are promised joy and peace and love and mercy and place there are certain things that belong to you because you're his we must never settle for Abundant Life. Look at your neighbors. They don't settle we must never live to learn learn to live in darkness. Miss never learn to live less than what God intended with weights and addictions and fear. They can't just become. Well, this is my lot in life. It is not your lot in life. Now I tell you all that if you've identified with anything that I've said if you've struggled if you know your sister is struggling whatever it is. I don't want to leave you here without a plan because there's nothing worse than being told you can't have it but not how to get it. I have left so many conferences to be in told I could slay dragons and walking out going. Yeah. Wait a minute. How do we do that? How do I do it? I want to give you a plan. Fear convinces you that you deserve to be where you are. Because you deserve to be there then the scriptures don't apply to you. It's an awful trap that even if you use the scriptures and pray them I'm hitting somebody in the room right now. I feel it in the spirit somebody here right now. You have been on your knees and the devil has convinced you that the scriptures won't work for you because you deserve where you are. That is a Lie from the enemy. That is a Lie from the enemy. Whatever the scripture says there are no exceptions if we follow them and we are be Tiant. You are not an exception. Don't let the enemy lie to you. It's an awful trap. He tells you that even if you use them and pray them they will not be effective for you. So you have no hope to get out of this. We've all heard 2nd Corinthians 10 and 5 casting down imaginations and every High thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought into The Obedience of Christ. Now, that sounds awesome. I love to quote it and in the King James, it's just like What does it mean? It means that if it's not what God says then get out if it's not who God's word says I am then get rid of it. If it's not filtered through his truth. It does not get to stay. Now. Let me tell you this happens in the mind the Apostle Paul gave us a filter to use for our thought life Philippians. 4:8 says finally Brethren. I love the Apostle Paul. He just sounds like he's just done finally brethren. Your mom has a been there. Finally. Finally Brethren whatsoever things here's your filter whatsoever. Things are true. Say true whatsoever. Things are honest whatsoever. Things are just whatsoever. Things are pure whatsoever. Things are lovely whatsoever. Things are of a good report if there be any virtue if there be any praise, Calm these things that your filter if it doesn't fit in that category out get out. It's not true out. It's not lovely out. There's no praise in that get out. There's no virtue in that get out. You don't get to stay and I don't have to let you how do I get rid of it? God is good and I will give him praise. How do I get rid of it? It's choosing to not believe the lie, but finding the truth to combat the LIE. Find the truth. You gotta find the truth to combat Every Lie. The enemy tells you the truth. Is he is and he is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him. That's the truth and you're no exception. Look at your sister and say you're not an exception the truth. Is he rewards those who diligently seek Him you can have the reward of joy and peace and deliverance, but You're going to have to be diligent in seeking it. He rewards the diligent seeking Seeker. Understand that it was not easy for me. It's easier to talk about it, but it was not easy for me. I hope it will be easy for you. If you're fighting a spirit of fear. I hope that you are delivered here tonight and you walk out and you never have another issue, but it doesn't always happen that way. My battle was hard fought I sometimes fought it daily. Sometimes I fought an hourly every time I would get just a little stronger. It's like lifting those weights you start with a two-pound before you know, what you've moved on to a five pound before, you know, it ten pounds every battle every battle every time I encountered it. I got just a little stronger you have to believe that he is able he's able to do exceeding abundantly above all that you can ask or think. According to the power that works in you it's in you say it's in me put it to work put it to work the power C. We like to read that scripture, but we don't always think about what they say. It's according you'll do it, but it's according to the word the power that works in you it's in you you got to put it to work control your thought life Proverbs. 16:3 says commit thy Works unto the Lord. And I thought shall be established what that means is do the work and your thoughts will follow do the work in your thoughts with you cannot stop a bird from flying over your head, but you can stop him from making a nest the thought may show up but you don't have to let it stay. You don't have any place in my mind. Get out get out. Listen another way to fight it is if their sin in your life repent it simply said sin brings. It just does Fear makes us afraid that God won't forgive us if we do repent. See I've been there I've been there and there's a truth to combat that lie first John 1:9 if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us listen ladies. Don't just know the scripture speak it out loud. Speak it out loud. I was tormented. I was condemned I would pray. Every single day and I would feel it the enemy telling me, you know, he's accuser of the Brethren and the cistern. He would get in my ear and he said look you can't be forgiven. You've done this. You've battled this too long. You've given into it too long and I was convinced that there was no forgiveness left. Did I know the scriptures about his Mercy is new every morning and his unfailing love and all. Yeah, I knew all that but I had because of fear Exempted myself. So I learned and found this scripture and I would repeat it. He's faithful and just to forgive he's faithful and just to forgive he's faithful and just to forgive speak it out loud until you believe it and you feel a shift in the atmosphere guard your eyes ladies battle fear protect yourself. Don't watch read listen to or engage in anything that incites fear. Get rid of it refuse it clean your house clean your house go home. Somebody go home and clean your house and I don't mean the Dust get the stuff out of your house clean out your DVR clean out your playlist. Get some upbeat praise Jam going in your DVR and in your playlist. Here's what you don't want and this is a real song and if you love this song, God bless you or as us I am a southerner. I'm from Texas. That's right. As we say, so kindly bless your heart. So if you love this song, that's okay, but I don't. Life is hard, but God is good. Iffy or was a Christian. Listen get a theme song for your life. You think I'm crazy. I am crazy. I really am this crazy just breaking it to you. I'm crazy because because I want to live Abundant Life and I'll do whatever I will fight whatever I have to fight to get it. I will fight you for my home. I'll fight you for my mind. I'll fight the devil for my kids. I'll fight for my marriage. Get a theme song for your life. Something like great is the Lord my conqueror. He has never failed me yet through all my trials tribulations. He will deliver the greatest one. He's God get something like that going sing it even when you're feeling defeated when you feel like life is just start singing great is the Lord my conqueror. He has never failed me it through all my trials tribulations. He will deliver the greatest if that doesn't lift your spirits get some Prague in a theme song for your life. Whatever it is, whatever it is make your home a sanctuary pray through your entire house. I am the woman with the yellow Overall the door I got anointing oil over every door post in my house. Listen, I don't care what kind of like you don't have olive oil. That's fine use butter. I don't care go get yourself some Crisco get yourself some lard, but you get up there in the name of Jesus. Let everything that passes under this doorpost come under the authority of your name and under your spirit and under your will I rebuke everything that is not of you bind the spirit of fear? Plead the blood of Jesus over this room and then go to the Next Room Lord, everything that comes into this kitchen. I pray Lord that it has to First go through you that it has to walk over your blood. Then it will see the doorpost. I pray Lord. You would have your way God, you know, this is my child's room and they are not living for you. They are not where they need to be. But right now I pray that you would begin to deal with them when they come into this room that your presence that. Be in this place and did you a dispatch angels to minister and to draw them by your spirit ladies get in your house get in your house. Let the devil know that as for you and your house you will serve the Lord let the devil know you want my family. You're gonna have to fight me for it. You want my children? You're gonna have to fight me for it. You want my mind you're gonna have to fight ain't no damn. All inhale taken my peace. Me and my house. We are the Lord's right scriptures down put them in strategic places put them under the mattress of that unsaved loved one put them in the pillowcases put them in the bathroom. Put them behind the mirror put them over the don't you think I'm crazy. You're right you are right, but my house has become a sanctuary carry on with you use them often use them immediately don't Eat find yourself a place. God has not given me the spirit of fear power love and a son immediately combat that yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Empower your people. And power their minds to know that they have authority. Fear has stopped you from doing things. I admonish you do them start doing them. Again. If you have dropped out of any Ministry because of fear you go right back home. And you reenlist you go teach that Sunday school class you go speak to that lady's Department you go lay hands and you go to prayer meeting you do you do that bible study? You go home. And you reenlist I give you a money-back guarantee that if you do it with the right motive in the right mindset, the fear will leave once you're operating in the anointing and walking in the authority that God has given you as his child when you step into that calling the fears going to go because the anointing will overtake because you've opened the valve you've opened the valve in the blood can flow and the oil can flow. Do it with the mindset of Rejoice. Not against Me O Mine enemy Rejoice not against me. Oh, I have fallen. I've been down for a little while because of fear you had me for a moment, but I am Rising again and you better be afraid because when I come back up things are changing. When I fall I shall arise ladies. I want you to commit yourselves tonight to a Relentless Pursuit Of Peace. You deserve peace in your life. You deserve peace in your mind. You deserve peaceful rest when you lay your head on your pillow. You deserve to walk in peace talk in. Peace teach Bible studies in peace. You deserve it. It's a gift. It's a fruit of the spirit and want you to commit today. I want you to leave here with more than just an emotional experience. Let's all stand musicians. You can come. I'm all about emotional experiences if my back wasn't whacked-out. I'd have been all over there. This was low key for me, but I'm like Ask Danielle she knows I'm crazy because I believe that God has he just desert he's got it's his breath if I have any strength in my body. I'm going to use it for something I believe in emotional experience is I believe that they opened the windows the spiritual windows so that we can be fed and we can receive but I don't want you to just leave here with an emotional experience. I'm glad you're exhausted from worshiping and I'm glad that you're going to walk out of here. Haven't heard me say you can go slay your Dragons, but I wanted to be more than that for you. I want you to leave here. I want you to go out to eat or whatever it is you're going to do and then I want you to go to your hotel room and I want you to write down your plan to pursue peace in your life. I've given you some keys. I've given you some resources go write down the plan so that when you're not feeling the and you go home you go back to that house and it all settles back in again. You can pull it out and you can read it. And you say this is my plan and you're going to do it whether you feel it or not you're going to do it because there's an end in sight. There's a purpose listen wage war on the enemy. I'm all about it, but have a battle plan. Have a battle plan something. You can refer back to when you're not feeling strong. Now. I'm going to I'm going to have an altar call but there is somebody here who fear has kept you from moving forward and what God is calling you to do. There's someone here who has considered suicide and you didn't want to talk about it. It's not popular, but you're still here. There's somebody who battles fear when they lay their head on their pillow at night their mind won't stop and they're overwhelmed with worry and anxiety. It may not be the altar call may not be for everybody in the room. But it is for some in the room. Fear is kept somebody from receiving the gift of the Holy Ghost or coming back to the Lord. You're afraid he won't forgive you. That is not the word of God. That is not the word of God and he has sent me here to tell each of you. he does not desire you to coexist with a spirit of fear in your life I'm going to invite you if you've battled it on any level there's no shame in this room there's no shame in this room if you've battled it if there's shame that I'm the first one it may be pastors wives it may be evangelists wives it maybe mom's it may be teenagers but if you've battled fear on any if anything that I have said as connected with you and you feel the spirit drawing you I'm going to ask you to come to the front Look at this. I want to tell you that God is a deliverer and he may break the back of fear tonight for you. And I hope that he does and I hope that you rejoice so that we can all see but I want you to make a plan. I want you to make commitments. I want you to speak out loud some things that you've struggled with and tell the Lord that I've heard her. I've heard what you had to say and I believe it's for me and A commitment to peace make a commitment with your mouth. Don't be afraid. We're gonna pray over it. I have authority over fear. I have taken dominion over fear. I know I've won I know it when it walks in the room. And I know it's here and I will pray over it and I will speak against it, but I cannot fight your battle when you get home. I can't fix what you've got going on outside of ladies conference. So we're going to pray and you may walk out feeling lifted. But I admonish I implore you go home and change some things so that pieced wells in every listen peace is priceless piece is priceless living without a spirit of fear hanging over the torment. Ain't the phobias that depressed the darkness? It doesn't matter how much light comes into the room. It's still dark. If you've ever been there, I want you to lift your hands. I'm going to pray. I'm going to speak over it. I want you to pray engage your voice. voice in the name of Jesus or do you see every one of these ladies who have lifted their hands all across this building? Oh God, your daughters have suffered. They've been tormented some of desire to take their own lives. They're afraid of death. They're afraid they live in torment and then unpeaceful situations God they're coming to you with an honest and an open in a sincere heart right now. They're afraid to do ministry. They're afraid to walk in a calling that Are certain of their afraid Lord God, it's not your will it is not your will who they be frayed frightened and that the spirit of fared well in their lives right now by the authority of the name of Jesus Christ, I speak to the spirit of fear. I rebuke it to go back to hell where you have come from. You do not have any rightful place in this room in the minds of Of the children of God, you do not have a right to step over the blood that they have been washed with that. You do not have a right. I bind the spirit of fear. I take authority over it in this room Satan. You're a liar. You are a liar and you are the father of all lies get out of their heads get out of their minds get out of their homes. That's it. Ladies Preston get a breakthrough before you leave again. in the name of Jesus I will fear no evil for thou art with me that's it breakthrough breakthrough fear is not of God touch my sister right now in the name of Jesus if you're not trying for yourself reach over by together with your sister sister helped her to break through right now if you don't know what to pray just start saying God has not given me the spirit of fear but of power and of love and of a sound mind God has given me the spirit of fear it's changing something shift and of speak to it to fear you have no legal right to me review kit use the name use the blood God if you're not try it for yourself worship raise the level of faith in the house God you are great you are greatly to be praised we exalt you try and lift it up in this room fill this place in our praises and judgment right now don't quit it's not in the name of Jesus somebody's reaching in and grabbing hold of the anointing that God has placed on their life I bind the spirit of suicide that is tried to overtake our young people I rebuke and by the authority of the name of Jesus Christ I rebuke it in the name of Jesus suicide you hashtag Speaking speaking. Speaking. Speaking. God has not given me the spirit of fear. I won't bow anymore. I won't bow anymore. I'm not letting you give up that easy listen peace in your life is too great of a prize push push push push past what you feel or don't feel work into what you know, it's for you. It's for you. I pray against down in the room it is for you in the name of Jesus. My God Will Make A Way, so I not afraid when I walk through the water my God Will Make A Way. Where You Are I think will always be beside me no Shadow no valley where you won't find me before the giant deep Larry Page