Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah.Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year and you know ever since then it's been you know, almost entirely, you know support from people both within and outside of the school and I'm you know, Eternally grateful for that because yeah, it's such a contrast how things are happens were previously. So how did you feel when you actually made that decision like to come out and express who you actually it took a long time to get to that point because I've had these feelings for you know, six and a half years at smudges. Yeah, yeah, like the first time where I was, you know comfortable with telling myself, you know, this is who I am as like about three and a bit years ago. And you know, I came out some of my closest friends at the time. Yeah, and obviously things have changed a bit since then but I felt as I was going into the next step of my life. I guess you could say that it was important to you know, get this out. The especially as if you going on in your head that you would you just want to have I mean, I can't imagine what that's like six and a half years 16 containers. Do you think you could have made this decision in or from year 7 to 11 like do you think six form is allowed you to be I truth be told I was actually planning on coming out at some point. I think during either year nine or year 10. But end of the method in which I was planning on doing it was a bit weird innit it's a little convoluted and everything but long story short. It didn't quite go too well and I kind of said right I'm going to put this on hold until I've finished Jesus he's and then see where the world takes me. Yeah for like, oh probably because it was probably quite healthy from like well well from my position looking in by it'll be quite healthy because you've holding it for six and a half years. So they'll see must be times where you feel like mentally it's quite a struggle to actually like because in your head, you're like I want to be you know me or Perry, but you can't actually Express. Was that times when you would I don't know like you would feel that everything's out on top of you because you're trying to trying to you know, express yourself, but your side like you're confined. Yeah so much like in a school place that you can't actually you're not actually able to do that. So it has ever been in times where you felt, you know, I mean the fact that I think that my parents could kind of see the signs. Kind of when I started, you know thinking about it and I think that that's the reason like why they sent me here because I was originally meant to go to know yeah from but they you know appeal to get me into here. Yeah, what did you get for gcses? So you want to have to say but top eight because top a I got 45 out of 46. Yeah. Those are so many people got because like me myself I did. I have for you and I managed to block my way in on technicality think they definitely lower the boundaries. Yeah, I've work they loading up 4840. Yeah, like they fall so good. They don't mean that's definitely what happened. Yeah. That's all that's what makes you happy. Yeah. Yeah, but like it's very clear like they appealed after the eleven plus and they appeared after the GCC. It's like, you know, they wanted to send me to the grammar school for boys because you know, they could see the the signs so because they're not the biggest supporters of it. Let's put it that way. Yeah, that's how they deal when you told them that they do with it. First time. I told them I believe it was in either year race or year nine like yeah kind of Before I was you know going to tell everyone yeah, probably for the first time but they didn't really take it too. Well. Like yeah, it's probably quite a shock to be fair because you know, it's a massive decision and takes a lot of courage to actually come out and do that. So I have so much, you know respect respect. Yeah exactly for it. Yeah, but these days I tend to you know not bring it up with them. But I have this pain that I keep on my jacket as a you know reminder to them. Yeah, so I also know that would do you feel like a burdens been lifted? That you've taught everyone. Yeah, like it just feels you know bath like yeah, even you know, things aren't 100% consistent on the times when people, you know do refer to me, you know, the way that I want to it's just it feels good, you know, yeah. So how does how's the school supports to do with his decision? The school's brought in you know external help and it's fact that he gives me a way to you know, talk to people about stuff that I need. That is definitely the best thing to talk to someone. Yeah. She just let it all consume. You don't tell anyone. Yeah, I mean talk about the good and the bad and Making plans for the future because what I've noticed personally from my my point of view is that the school is being quite good with like posterity for me as well because they did they offer that external, you know, the council and start fluffing. That's quite good. I've also known as you do the lgbtq club. So how's that how they supported you during Sound I mean for a fair amount of time. I was the only person showing up is that Including mr. Ross and then yeah, like that's including those who like I was the only student. Yeah showing up. Yeah, and if it's helpful, but I don't go there too often nowadays kids, you know the as far as I'm aware, there aren't any other people, you know in my particular the proclamation the problem might be but it takes a lot of like career things. It's were to definitely people in our area who are definitely could like question. It is thrown after yeah, it's not feel able to tell people exactly I'm going to say this like Everyone listening to this. You probably know who I am what I look like if you need to talk about this stuff. I'm always you know, yeah ready to talk like by the you want to talk in person or via something like Instagram dams or Discord or anything like I'm always, you know available for people to talk to because you know, I don't like seeing people, you know. So you have like I just want the world to be a better place. Yeah place where everyone can feel comfortable with themselves. And I feel like it's important to talk to people. You know, if you're having any issues like this. Do you see do you see in like 20 years time? They're being like a general like just any designated amount of time there being like a place where everyone feels comfortable to be like who they actually are instead of how it To contain it from society. I mean in the current day and age Canada's probably the closest you can get. Yeah, I mean Canada, well the kind of quiet Canada. They're very Progressive when it comes to this like UK were all right, but the problem is is that you know NHS waiting list for even getting an appointment with the GAC is you know upwards of three years now. Explain what it because I don't really know what the GIC GAC is gender identity clinic so effectively. You can go on the NHS waiting list prior to the age of 17. You have to have parents consent, but once you 17 you You know go on your own like that's standard procedure with a lot of energy gesture but we have to get parents permission. Rikuo did you start of you only I haven't gone on to the waiting list. Yeah. I do have GP appointment to get you know, everything sorted them but I'm going to plan on doing is getting all the paperwork completed so that all May 17th, it can all be sent off. Yeah, and then if we take so long as the weightless. True. Yes, I remember the acoustic to get me on so I wanna go back to you know, what it was like for you when you were in that period of like wanting to you know, come out, but did that contribute because from it because I was in your class know like last year and I noticed there were times where you did you know? Like the world was on top of you and you got out of it was that was that all contributed from this massive weight on your shoulders? So it was certainly like the contributing factors like yeah, there were a couple of other things like, you know, more personal stuff that's relates to my family that I'm not going. Yeah, you don't you don't hit it. Honestly. It's fight, but I don't expect you to but ya know it was a, you know, big contributing factor that I mean, You know, I think I spent more time, you know looking at ways to get to a GOC. Yeah, you know without my parents finding out then I did, you know revising for my gcses. Yeah. Ask you a question. We got sent in. All right, let's look at this and I look at them doing this before. Yeah, I did look it before I did look at it before. I will how about we got something? What's your passion in life? What do you want to do? I'm honestly not too sure. Like I have spent quite a bit of time, you know working on music and stuff like that and it's something that I decent out, but I'm going to be honest. I'm not really sure what I want to do. Like I don't think a lot of people are to be honest, but here's the thing. On one hand, I want to do something that you know, I know that I'm going to be good at so something like music or something, but there are same time and instrument you play. I say I'll do I will ask you to do to shamelessly plug my son. As long as I can remember like have a favorite artist. I like the work of Michael Jackson. Yeah, like who doesn't follow from the controversial statue actual story tonight? Yeah, like stickier. It doesn't matter whether it was a good or bad person. He made some banging. Yeah, that's what I that's literally what I sound like. Okay. Well, I still think that You can still like the work of fat asses without, you know, probably skills in them. Yeah, he was like so inspirational to a lot of people because you see like like modern work on the moments just you can't see so many links to Michael Jackson everything. I mean the closest person I can think of to Michael Jackson now is probably the weekend in terms of like voice and yeah voice said that he just he does a bit like that you just threw out there. That's how I do I can leak that is a fart anymore cost roughly I can do it anymore. Yeah, like on one hand. Like I want to do something that I'm good at like music but on the other hand, you know, I do want to see the change in the world. Yeah, and like that's also I've taken politics a level as well because in case I get you know, the rare chance that you know Run Apartments or something like I want to Yeah, I'm trying get changes in the place use your voice us that's good use your voice in both ways music and if still decide if you want to SoundCloud we set you up. I want to get your take on because there's the oil at the moment. There's this, you know debate about genders and how many there are like, you know, because the classics like right wing view like oh, yeah. There's only two genders well below I think people opened up so much about the possibility of there being more than I think that it's a spectrum like, you know. Previously, it was believed to be, you know, completely binary system. Like, you know get greedy. It was either you're a guy or a girl but I don't think it's meant to be like that. I think it's meant to be on a spectrum like, you know, you've got but not only like your gender but also like the way that you put yourself out there like yeah, you can still be absolutely a girl just with very masculine. Yes, right. So stereotypically masculine traits and likewise you can still be a guy with stereotypically feminine trait Southern see you soon like genders performance. How are you linking this to Judith Butler father? I need your first yeah. That is true. I mean I think literally just because you look back a hundred years ago and how many things back then that was like the everyone believed? Yeah, but it's just it's just not true. Yeah, but I think it's a spectrum like you can be a girl you can be a girl you don't have to be if you don't want or if your brains telling you that you are. Well, it's a completely non binary spectrum and like No matter who you are identify as like I'll always respect that. Well, I we're going to go for a short break and we'll be back soon. Classic coolest break. All right, welcome back to the second half of the clues podcast. All right got a little tradition going on now well from last week, there's only three episodes. There's not really a tradition that was started for second. So I'm actually read what's your most embarrassing moment? See see, this is the problem like I don't like remember this it I mean that's a recurring theme we've got weed out people. You know blocks out like, you know, that's true negativity in my life. What about you, but I don't remember it. It's not really embarrassing. It's just more something absolutely weird and horrible and disgusting that I did when I was a small child well willing to reveal it when I was a small child. We went to Legoland. Okay. Yeah, and I don't know why but like five-year-old me decided that it would be a great idea to take a piece of blue tape that have been sitting on one of the rails and just eat Like it's not really embarrassed to be funny. It's just your father. Yeah, you're fine. But like I just tried it Lego seats and set to be fun. Suicide is edible anything except try harder. I don't think he's coming back guys. Can't just plug in Juliet. Yeah, I don't really have like an embarrassing moment. That's the thing. Yeah to be fair. That was better than a shinzon Last Wish I shouldn't have what was it like she walked towards the forest not a shit the second a fucking setup second off uncensored so you can swear as much as I can. You know, if you have sports. How about do you have a favorite teacher in the school? Yeah. question I don't really like the problem is is that I just don't really know a lot of the teachers because there have been so many like new ones recently. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. So half the teaching stuff. I don't even know. So, who do you like the most from why the subject you've had you have this probably podesta like he's a good teacher. He just lets you get on with another new music teacher. Yeah, like a fun environment. Yeah, whatever and Doris is of the two weeks. So that just means more pedestrian. Did he replace? Mr. Lorentzen? Yeah. Do you've to look because his music career the right. Just fucked off to Australia because you know keeps pissing him off. The reason why this is possible to get away. If I'm just imagining like class lining out of his line outside of class for they just walk in and just a note on the desk. I could just fucked off to a shame who's your favorite teacher? Is that because I don't know. I've been blessed with teachers. That's because of like, mr. Gould is really nice. Yeah, but he's this really good teacher and Miss Calvert's Ananda is describes. They're all amazing miss the fire. Marshal the best technician I've ever met. Yeah, we don't pooh-pooh license group favorite teacher because he's murdered cats. He is in his own. Yeah, I reckon I do think it might be Miss Cherry. Because I really enjoy lessons and psychologist. My favorite subject. Yeah, well figures if like teacher sick because like we've already we've already told like this court knows about the podcast. I think yes is Calvert knows this Fernandez knows so it's a just look at it. Uh, I don't know because I've really liked mr. Car but it's not like because I don't know. I just really like it but It's really hard to because mrs. Co-op is really nice. But then it's just like whoo, I get the most out of your fingers. You don't have it. So don't she's really good like I do like this Corp. Yeah, she's quite she can be quite fun it. I think she truly has to be funny. Yeah tries to be funny but the high schooler's her stories God. I remember that one's for me. I don't know as a cover for Spanish like yeah. I just talked about the fucking seagulls that stuff with my yes you did. They speak Spanish it so it's just like yeah, I was just sitting at the back playing Castlevania on my computer. Like I'm just gonna say I wasn't listening but I've heard I've heard them all outside like she repeats herself and we just thought he had we know how this ends Miss like you but I think I think mrs. Calvo is my favorite teacher. I think what do you think it is the What big man Duncan big Matt Uncle you've had him on in two weeks time? Yeah. Why would you play football when you can play memorable extreme that is a good point or point. I need to admit really betraying his team. Anaconda need to do it tomorrow. Actually. No, because we've got two weeks. I'll do it next week. Why stream lines are you going to do it next week? We don't have games next week. Oh, yeah, we can stop or admitted for know. I don't know. I might do it tomorrow because we can't I kind of need to experience miserable extreme before we do the podcast. That's true the only experience I've had of it I've had One lesson with him and I like twisted my ankle during and I don't get fucked up and played Batman Sinister. You twist your ankle it you gotta play. That was actually the first band to little run here. Yeah. I mean that was deadly I don't really like the ought to be fair we could do is like a post-match interview because on this Wednesday with it. Yeah. Yeah, so I'll do a little bit extreme and then we'll get a get with same down off the ridge talk about Out. Yeah, we got any more questions. This is the quote. This is the thing. We've covered quite a lot of it, you know, okay, obviously Fred ever. This is going to ask this question. I'm going to want to keep it I don't care but this is the boys Fred question. I think whatever, you know, yeah, who would everyone who would ever wait who would who would everyone vote for in a general election? So I think he wants to get I don't even know I don't even know about politics this who would you vote for? At the moment, they're all share. Yeah. Yeah. Basically Boris is just like another Sanders is American and Swensons. Just pathetic was resigning was it just after losing obviously the compilation the push towards the played Sports the This figure these like he's a he's our private this stuff great. No, but I know you're a woman he doesn't do anything like people only voted for him because they know who he is. It's like it's like when the Americans voted for Ronald Reagan and Trump. Yeah, because Reagan was an actor and Trump would you notice? Yeah their version of it like Denis like so like last Friday, everyone was like begging for into that do a talk about coronavirus. Iris, and you know, I don't know the technical terms for it, but getting these suspended until the next week and everyone's kicking off about who I don't pay. His mother wasn't Twitter. He was going on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah because obviously it's a global. Yeah. I mean, I think kind of you know, as soon as it was, you know, revealed to be like a major thing over here. Yeah, like everyone's climbing after borrow saying, you know, hey say this now the problem is for us is like, okay I need to get It says if I can Chief scientist, yeah. Yeah, but you didn't actually say that so when he didn't say anything people like oh, yeah, that's off doesn't give a shit us the finger the medium blows it well proportion of a day's be felt like the conservatives are kind of saying, you know, we don't want to talk to the media. So it doesn't know shit like it's Chief scientist that yeah, you know knows yeah, I like they needed to you know, get the word. Yeah people look to in like she's the Prime Minister. Yeah to calm everyone down because For example with the Olympics there's a whole scale of it's going to get capsules with the main guy for it. I don't know his name. He was just like settle down do your preparations we go. Just let you know if anything so surely that doesn't hurt if he just came out said something like that. So saying something like oh, I'll just carry on with your preparations, you know, keep going. We'll let you know if anything's wrong bad the moment. Keep going as you are. Then the fact that is the media is like blowing it way out of proportion people like actually carry on the way we are because it's you know, it's affecting people the figures go up to 51 in the UK. I think now people the thing is with the like conservative like news embargo at the beginning of the year. Like, you know, it's understandable like why even some of the right-wing papers want to you know, make boris's government seem like a jerk. Yeah. Yeah that shows just how Like serious people viewing it now because obviously right-wing papers, right? Even the mail starting to get like, you know, God the bail. All right, we actually what do you thinks gonna happen with crying - dragon skills going to be constant? Because if know yet if someone comes in and like had it like gets it. Yeah, like a student or something. It has to be shortly. Yeah, so she for student got it. Yeah, I mean it's on Has to make the sacrifice. Yes, the classic fee. It's all just wants to just go to the world for the weekend then come back. Actually. No, you don't have spread it. Yeah those spread it which is what school we just want school council for a few weeks. You do realize he's so gonna have to do work. Yeah, but not as much and I love these because they will let you just send you all the power points and last night. Oh, yeah, I would just have to yeah, yeah. Is uh, you know people delaying the teacher will just expect you to get on there but there's also no teacher means no delays. Yeah all this is a quick thing. I want to ask going back to the first half is I'm when people talk to you today, like remember to court they still call you Ed or did he call you or it really depends from my person-to-person? Yeah, but what I tend to find is like, you know what I'm talking to people over like texts and dance around and Cool. Yeah messages like people tend to remember a lot more than when they're talking in person. I suppose I can't really blame people because you know, legally like there's still all my old details. I have to change or you're like so does it seem like passport? Yeah. Yeah. I think that the first thing that I'm going to do like once I get you know the chance. It's like get my name later officially changed. Yeah, mmm because it's actually not too bad of a process. Effectively you right out, you know the form like there's a template on the covered up UK website. And then what you do is you just you know fill that in paid 30 awkward and then hey Presto, but I say, hey Presto, it probably takes a while to yes to show that I was thinking of changing. My name wasn't my War II bear track could always the worst awful name, you know to go to my Italian side. You know, this is about it later or doesn't matter. See I'm going to change it to my Italian side, but then I have to change my passport and stuff and I don't feel like my dad would be my dad will probably kick off if I changed my name to about it. This is sounded better than some but I have to kind of have a micro or ballet Michael bad for Michael clack. Ok. I'm changing my name, you know, you don't have to emphasize a lot of people do that already. So do we We like because mr. Card does it he's just like he gave those to me are these because Michael crack? I'm just like okay. I don't actually to be fading on me. Just call me Max says well, you just goes to bed. It just goes so sorry Matt and then Richard starts laughing and then he goes, okay fine. You don't do it David. Do you know what it wasn't schools in the world? I used to always get good Hamish Hamish. Yeah, it's kind of look the same. Do you still get it? Like when you do registers like because people work because they look at your name. It's a w, isn't it? So, yes, the what it's like what that what if it's a new teacher than they do teacher obviously not know how to pronounce it. But if it's someone I've had and I'll expect them to ashes it's so funny to tear your day like when they don't know so is it a lot of the libraries always has always will It's started. No one for the lens is when people spell Michael wrong. I don't understand it. Yeah, people spell Michael wrong. So all the time that they put EA L. I'm just like say l or like yeah, it's just so annoying. I think it's probably time to yeah, is it probably type? Yep. Yep, devote any final words it many one fighter were 75. Any last words respect minorities human rights fucking don't be a dick. Yeah, don't be a dick dick. All right. This has been the clues podcast. Thank you all for coming on. It was been a pleasure to be. Yeah actually speak for once. All right, we'll be back next Wednesday follow up. So we don't use no promises though promise. It's okay. We'll be back next Wednesday. Yeah, right see