Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null.Um, I was actually had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the art over to bitcoin hit it up about $50 hit $50 wanna buy $50 hit by help my fingerprint down hit confirm. Boom $50 worth of bitcoin in my cash app was able to send it right off to a hardware wallet and basically get my financial sovereignty in less than 30 seconds. It was crazy. All right, so they're letting Stacks at still letting you send SATs receive sets and then on top of that the links tax live with us. If you want to you guys have heard about it already, but if you haven't catch up investing is now here if you have a stock that you want to invest in a stock you can buy as little as one dollar with it. If it's a little too expensive. You don't have to buy the whole thing by a sliver of a stock now because your account is connected to your bank account your cash app account is directly connected to your bank account. You want to wait four to five days. You start investing today cash up investing is a subsidiary Square remember s IPC as Always use the code stacking sets. You're going to get $10 when you sign up and ten dollars going to go to our good friends at owls lacrosse. That's owls lacrosse. Enjoy this episode with a good friend Tina. I know I certainly did. Okay. You've had a dynamic where money has become Freer than free. Can you talk about a Fed just gone nuts? All the central bank's going nuts. So it's all acting like Safe Haven. I believe that in a world where central Bankers are tripping over themselves to devalue their currency Bitcoin wins in the world of Fiat currencies Bitcoin is the Victor remember? Part of the bull case for Bitcoin. You're not paying attention. You probably should be. What is a freaks welcome back to Tales from the Crypt at your boy Marty bent here? The flash episode had her good friend repeat guests reach out to me over DMS and say hey, we need to talk. I'd like to introduce you freaks again to bitcoin Tina Tina. How are we great everyday is a good day in Bitcoin. Ha ha that's what you're saying. Every all news is good news for Bitcoin. Well news is good news for Bitcoin. All obstacles are overcome by the social layer of the Point because Bitcoin is by its nature antifragile. Yes, and to preface this episode. We're not fear mongering. All right. This is an optimistic episode. We were just laying the land giving a lay of the land and explaining how it may or may not affect Bitcoin going to the Future. So it's been a pretty chaotic week in the markets in the world coronavirus you are describing is the perfect storm for Bitcoin as gonna be the title of this episode. Why do you think this? Okay, this is the perfect storm for Bitcoin. Now. First of all Bitcoin is not there a risk on Nora risk-off asset Bitcoin is the core to an emerging economic Paradigm in my opinion for what it's worth. I had believed and continue to believe that in the 2020s will see negative rates at a minimum will see Zero rates and we'll see massive government spending. I believe that there's a very good chance. There's a very good chance that the coronavirus may have accelerated this timetable. I don't know how corrupt plays out. It's very hard to say. There's a lot of data. We don't know yet and I don't know exactly how it will play out, but I think that It becomes an excuse for government spending that governments want to do anyway, because governments like to spend money. So it becomes a very easy excuse to spend it becomes very easy excuse for central banks to cut rates because they kind of want to cut rates. Anyway, regardless of what they say, they still like to cut rates and they know they need to so it's not even their fault for cutting rates so they don't even have to take the blame because there are always the Entities who want to go after them saying they shouldn't cut rates. Central banks can throw up his hands it when we we can't control this thing. Now some will say that cutting rates doesn't help. Deal with a virus and no cutting rates doesn't but the thing is if markets were to crash and I don't know if markets will crash or Not Crash. I am very up in the air on that. I had set a while ago. That I expect stocks to be essentially flat for a decade. I continue to feel that way. I was somewhat doubtful of that view not that long ago when things were just soaring but it seems that events have taken a turn that has reeled in that possibility again that we may be flat essentially for a decade and I think we're sort of in this push-me pull-you environment where it's tug of war. Or between what gets done so even though maybe stock should decline because of events if governments spend like crazy and central banks by assets. Then things don't go down. We have certain things which are immutable and demographics is immutable. Although some told me today that who knows. Maybe this thing is a A plan to get rid of Aging Boomers. I don't know if that's true or not. I certainly hope not but I actually don't think it's a plan to get rid of Adrian Boomers and those who are older than Boomers. I think if I had to guess that Nobody planned this thing. This one's completely unplanned and I don't know if it's nature or anything else but not for your sake too. Huh said I would offer my stick to thanks. I appreciate that. Well the problem is that even even if you don't die from it. I heard recently that. You could wind up with permanent lung damage. So, you know, even if you're 25 years old permanent lung damage for the rest of your life. It's really not something to look forward to so you really don't want to get sick and I don't know that's you know, the band strain or the not bad strain, but I think because it becomes this event which will encourage massive governmental spending and I think you know, I think we're going to have huge spending regardless. I don't think it would matter who's in office. I that you'd see spending either an infrastructure project or green deal or any different ways that you would see just enormous spending and I think that the central bank's the FED would will expand their balance sheet to keep that spending and the debt issuance from driving rates much higher. It's a very weird. It's a very weird environment. But if that view is correct on my part, it becomes incredibly bullish for Bitcoin crashing stocks at the end of the day is not bullish for Bitcoin. I mean if the water in the bathtub goes down your little sailboat that you have floating on the top of the water is likely to go down with it. It's not going to be helpful to have stocks. Let's say get cut in half so Could it happen sure could happen. I don't know whether or not stocks will get hit dramatically, but I think that you will see. Actions taken by Central government's actions taken by central banks that will look to prevent that whereas in Prior periods. These various entities were always reactive. I think they're going to be far more proactive because we've been living in an environment for the last decade where Everything is Bubblicious out there. So if Capital markets come down very hard namely stocks that becomes a pretty big problem for everybody because money conditions get tight when money conditions get tight credit conditions get tight and that becomes very hard for the real economy. So, net net I mean this may be a crazy point of view, but I think that we will see an environment that becomes perfect for Bitcoin when you throw in the having with what I think will be the backdrop for Very easy money. Additionally there may be things happening like you saw with Germany, and now may be announced today with France and India you have a lot of you have a positive backdrop for Bitcoin. And so to me, this becomes The Perfect Storm by Perfect Storm. I mean like a really great thing that you're going to see all kinds of forces come together that cause this thing to go possibly higher than numbers that I have said I have guessed that you see a massive overshoot. The overshoot comes related to stock to flow with the projection is $100,000 and I have always thought that from a psychological perspective getting to $100,000 causes a lot of people who are highly skeptical and critical. To change their mind and look at this thing very differently and want to jump on board. You know, you get a guy who listened to Jamie dimon listen to Warren Buffett listen to whoever was critical and negative on bitcoin and they look at a price of 50 60 70 80 $100,000. They said themselves. Oh I thought this thing was going to go away and then it's sitting at prices that they think are crazy and they start to say I gotta get me some of that and I think you're going to hear a lot of people saying I got to own me some of that and I have said for a while and I continue to say just by 1% You know, it's 1% won't hurt you. Now, that's not Financial advice but realistically If you fall off the curb on the sidewalk and it's only like an inch or two. It's really hard to get really hurt. I mean sure you could fall down and break your hip if you're really old or really clumsy, but that's not going to happen to most people and it's really hard to do with one percent. It's only one percent of your net worth and I think it's a highly reasonable thing. I think by the end of this decade we can see truly insane numbers and so the risk reward profile on that. Is just outstanding. So if I'm at all right about the backdrop for this thing. Then it's just become a much much better investment. And all of these things are coming together. Hence the term The Perfect Storm again, not in a bad way, but in a really good way it really optimistic really positive way and let me think about that governments starting to become more accepting. Really easy money. And what was the other thing that I said? Stagnant stock markets for no. No - yeah, you know really easy money governments coming together and the government's becoming more accepting now. I forgot what I said some OS so my letters fomo after certain level but no no that was the backdrop. I have to go listen to what I said remember interest rates falling below zero. Well that relates to the easy money. Well that and that will push people into wanting to own Bitcoin. So listen what I said remember what I said well, but it creates it creates a very positive backdrop though. Those those various those various things that are happening. And so one thing you haven't you got that you having you have very easy money, which I think is very likely plus you have growing acceptance. Governments, I mean what more could you ask for to me? That's what you call an absolutely perfect environment. And I think that people really underestimate this I have said for a long time all surprises and Bitcoin will be on the upside and I think people who try to get cute with this the try to trade it and try to sell it. Oh, one of the things that really have a lot of impact on me recently is as having conversation. Without of the Bitcoin or who was trading TLT options because he wanted to make a bet on long-dated paper long-dated treasuries. And you know, I told him I was a little concerned. I thought it was a great idea. I think we took a lot lower but he he owns some April paper and some a papers if you know who knows it could take a while and then race were like 150 at the time and the 10-year yield as we speak is point seven four five. So it just got cut in half. In like a little more than two weeks. So I feel like I feel like a real idiot, but this stuff can happen really fast. So that's that's something I want to that's what I want to dive into it is it feels like the FED markets have been blindsided and they're scrambling right now the FED had an emergency 50 bit cut earlier this week like like you just mentioned people are are funneling into to treasuries driving. Down those yields and that's like the FED cut seem very bearish to me because it had a like a five-minute Market rally after the initial after the cut initially hit the market and then markets began tanking immediately again. And the one thing about this virus is it's really highlighting the the pain points and our supply chain and and the pain points are Global is goal of globalization and sort of the the Situation America has put itself in particularly. Can you print your way out of this or do you think there's a chance that there's a total and this is something I'm sort of leaning towards there's a total crisis of confidence in the institutions mainly the FED that they're able to control this stuff. I don't disagree with anything. You just said but I do think that cutting rates will be supportive of markets. I do think if markets were to simply just crash that that can create the environment that makes it a self-fulfilling prophecy if markets just get taken down very hard. I believe that we are in a world and have been in a world for a long time. Are the real economy has become the tail and the markets have become dog. And so I think that if the stock market crashes at the global stock markets crash he wind up with overall tighter Financial conditions and Tighter Financial conditions make for a more difficult environment. I think these were bad policies from the beginning but it doesn't matter what I think it matters where we are. It doesn't matter how we got here. It matters that we're here now. It doesn't matter if the rock breaks the glass pitcher or the pitcher hits the rock. It's going to be bad for the picture. It doesn't matter if the stocks crater. If they do it's going to be bad for the real economy and it's going to be a problem. I agree with you that there's a lot of weakness and Supply chains. There are a lot of fragilities in the economy, but adding one more problem to the mixture doesn't make it better. So no cutting rates in and of themselves. does not fix the underlying problems, but if stocks crashed in conjunction with the other problems happening It doesn't make that cocktail a better cocktail for solving these problems at this point. It probably makes it worse and I don't think these good policies. I haven't thought these were good policies for many many many many years, but it's where we are. Now. I'm not trying to say that you believe that no, no answer that. I don't think you're trying to say that I do you do you envision a possibility in which the policies are completely ineffective. this time around like they pump a bunch of money in but not even that can keep stock market stasis. markets are dependent on earnings as well as price earnings multiples. I don't know if multiples can expand. That's why I kind of believe that you're going to see this push-me pull-you because you could have a tough earnings environment and it can be a tough earnings environment for a while which keeps pressure on stocks. But the same time you get all kinds of support from fiscal policies that become supportive of those earnings and if you have Central Looking to control the shape of the curve and keeping rates. Down by keeping bond prices from selling off then you create an environment where multiples can remain high. So that's why you wind up with this really strange environment of being able to maintain relatively high prices, even though maybe it shouldn't be I think we're in a world today which is different from the world of the last 90 years because I think that we having been through these crises already. The response has become far more activist rather than reactive and so it's not good that we got here. But we're going to do more of the same to keep the thing going and that becomes very positive for Bitcoin and ultimately in my view Bitcoin will be the thing that takes us to that next economic Paradigm and it has to become a lot bigger for that to happen. And I think we're in that environment where Bitcoin is going to become enormous in the course of the 2020s, and I think it's going to go to levels that people. Cannot possibly imagine I'd be very reluctant to part with my Bitcoin if I were if I were whoever's listening to this, I'd be very reluctant to part with it. You're not margin trading it right now. Now I never margin trade it I sit with fully owned and sit with fully on bitcoin. I also own gbtc and that I do have for the purpose of selling because I do have to pay my bills and and I like to eat and I like to have a roof over my head. So I do have gbtc who's whose sole purpose is to sell because I will need to sell some but I'm hopeful that I'll have some good prices to sell it at and I think I'll be right about that. I don't think enough people really understand why this asset will benefit from the environment there weren't looking worst case scenario. when we saw Cyprus in when we saw Cyprus in 2011-12 2011-2012, you know 2012 you don't own your money in the bank. You don't own the money at your brokerages. Those are held by the institutions. We saw that with MF Global if these institutions go belly-up and I'm not suggesting that they do but if they do go belly-up they can do whatever they want your money. Essentially if you hold your own private Keys, you actually control your own money. If you have an extremely aggressive inflation, I believe and I'm not suggesting. We have a very extremely aggressive inflation. Although I think we're setting the stage for that to happen down. The one that could take three four five six seven years. I don't know how long that takes but that could take a while, but it can be a very aggressive inflation having an asset which is Fixed and Supply as well as Supply inelastic. is very much a beneficiary of of an inflating the money supply where money will chase that asset because of its natural qualities in addition to its scarcity. Becomes an asset that you want to own so I think it becomes the ideal thing to own for the 2020s and I think this is a really interesting kickoff and this really started with a bang right in January of 2020. And I think I'd have thought for a while. The 2020s are going to be a truly spectacular decade. I would not be surprised to see Bitcoin up in the three to five million dollars. Inch by 2030 somewhere between 2020 and 2030 to so I'm that my guess is a 300 to 500 x return from $10,000 would be higher from $7,000. I think the numbers will be absolutely spectacular and I think today's dollars something really insane. But by 5 to 8 million dollars in today's dollars three to five million three to five you bit three If you bid me up money, I'll take the loads out of that the three to five million. I think it's going to be some really crazy stuff and I think that I'd actually would like most people think that's completely off the charts nuts. I'd really prefer they think that rather than thinking it's possible. So probably do I'm going to I think I'm comfortable enough to say that they probably do people listen as the guy you're actually a lot of people listening was probably believe you but Outsiders definitely they totally think I'm crazy and I'm really okay with that. I think, you know, they're crazy numbers, but I think that If the world is yes, I think in today's I think in today's buying power. I think if you have a very resident place in the numbers would just be whatever. No I think in today's buying power if you had one Bitcoin today, it'll buy you what three million dollars would buy you today. That's what's going to happen to the value of that for five million dollars what it buys you today, which means if you have 10 Bitcoin, you know, you're talking about being like a A small whale and if you have a hundred coin you are well and I think a lot of I think a lot of the oh jeez. A lot of them I think will lose their Bitcoin along the way which I'm really happy about it because I think many of them underestimate the asset that they have they've held it what for them feels like so long, they're like all all nervous. You're not using this as a medium of exchange yet. And oh my God, it's not going to really work out. You got to push it for me to exchange their they feel like these 11 years is like this eternity and I look at the 11 years like it's nothing and the thing Grew From from 0 to today. What are we at a hundred and seventy hundred eight? We are we today Market Catholic $165 75 billion, I would imagine so that's strange that's enormous. And and I think you know, it's going to grow exponentially in this decade in my opinion with the will turn be as big as from zero to a hundred sixty billion. No, I'm in but In absolute dollars. The numbers are going to be off the charts spectacular and and it's going to be really big really huge money and everything is pushing it that way. No, I agree. I mean the world is insane right now and I think at least to me I tweeted it out this morning Bitcoins engaged in a war of attrition. Just gotta Outlast the incumbent Financial system and then comment Financial Paradigm old us to do is keep producing blocks and it's a good segue into another ingredient of The Perfect Storm. They were talking about again the regulation and countries around the world. You mentioned France Germany India Rabbit Hole recap yesterday. Matt and I were talking about How we think the German and I believe similarly the French regulations or new laws are bearish but you're saying it's bullish even though it may be restrictive for companies to start. This is overall good for Bitcoin along run. Why do you think that it's bullish as can be because the key to bitcoin ultimately becoming the money that we use is being large enough to be able to grow and create an internal Market that enables us to do things that whirring, you know, you hide in the crowd. Let's face facts. We live in a world where lots of people use cash to do things that They don't pay taxes on so how many times have you heard? Somebody say, you know give you cash for a discount and they get the discount. So everybody knows what they're going to do and if the crowd is large enough and if the techniques are there, they're going to be too many transactions to to keep track of so, I am not bothered by these regulations. I think that when you have 50 million people 70 million people in America 70 million Americans using it some people will coin and some people will use lightning will Pro years lightning probably pretty much everywhere coin or many many will will do it you end up hiding a crowd. I think what you'll end up seeing at some point along the way is the tax laws will get changed because bitcoiners will be smart and they will create political action committees. They will donate two Pax Pax will donate two congressmen and senators and we'll end up getting favorable laws passed at $500,000 Bitcoin. Are we going to be people who should be giving some money to support politicians who support our point of view who support favorable tax laws for Bitcoin? I think it'd be crazy not to UPenn Bitcoin. It's half a million dollars that's five million dollars. That's a lot of money. So you can afford to give a few thousand dollars to politicians and you do it with, you know, another 50,000 bitcoiners becomes a lot of money and politicians will speak, you know will do will support your point of view when you give the money. That's how this works. We live in a world where where money talks and I think that it will be a very positive - I'm not at all Disturbed. We just need to see number go up and anything which promotes number go up and enables people to come into Bitcoin is positive. So even though regulation so that this regulation means you're not Banning it. Regulating it. You don't ban it if you're going to ban it you ban it he don't regulate it to ban it because you just ban it. So regulation is positive. It's not negative regulation enables people who look at this and say I don't want to buy Bitcoin because the government's are going to ban it and say well dummy they just regulated it. So they're obviously not Banning it so you can now invest in this thing. You can be comfortable. This is just like what you're comfortable with so when you can can say to people who have a lot more money than we do guys who may be in my age of people that this is regulated and you can feel comfortable owning this they watch it going up. What are they going to do? They're going to buy it and they're going to help Drive the price higher so you let something like that, huh, that's going to say let's hone in on that. What do you think? A lot of boomers are thinking right now, especially this week in the stock market a lot of people your rager. There are they not thinking about Bitcoin are they worried about the retirement funds and they're worried about their retirement funds right now everybody worries about their money in the stock market when the stock market goes down unless they're short who doesn't worry about the stocks that they own when the stock market is going down. Well, I guess better question is how overextended is your generation in stocks. I have no idea. It's so hard to say because you know, you can't everybody's different. You know, you have some people who have a lot of money and they may be overextending the stocks. But I know a guy who likes to brag to me that he fought a lot of stocks and 2009. So he's up a lot in those stocks. I mean realistically you're pretty close to the all-time highs up here. So, you know, if you bought stocks the S&P it seven or eight hundred and the SP is now at 2,900 how much can you be hurting? You're still all right, you're not happy that it's down I mean, but but but you're up. Multiples and depending on stocks you own you could be up an awful lot. So it depends on who we're talking about. I think it's hard to generalize. I think people like to generalize there's some people where the average retirement amounts are in the neighborhood of 200 thousand dollars. There have been people speaking of late that the using those kinds of numbers. $200,000 is probably not enough to retire on at the age of 65 how much they own in stocks? I don't know. I think that even a retiree who 65 should today own 1% in Bitcoin, even if you had only $200,000 1% in Bitcoin will make sense. The odds of them buying it under 20,000. I think are close to zero the odds and buying it under a hundred thousand. I think are not much more than zero. And people tend to chase price. That's just how we are. Most bitcoiners come to bitcoin they get inoculated the first time they hear about Bitcoin they say, oh that that's crap. They don't do anything and then the prices up 5 or 10 X or some number from where they first heard about it and they say, oh, yeah. I think I'm interested in I don't want to buy it. This happens all the time. This happens with probably most people in Bitcoin there. There's only a handful of people who heard about it and bought it right away. at least that's from the stories that I hear and people can correct that if they know different but I think that the upside is enormous and even if you pay $100,000 if I'm right on the numbers and I believe that I will be then your slope tremendous upside. So that's really going to be okay. So people will come into this in the course of the next few years. I think this will be the first mainstream bull market and there's a good chance that like that first big bull market you had early on not who won in 2016 and 2017. That this will be quite surprising to where it goes because there's a global tsunami of money that's going to start coming into Bitcoin. It's going to come in as a trickle everything in economics seems to be Gradually, then suddenly that's how markets tend to work gradually than sudden and I gradually takes a while exponential curves look linear in the early stages. That's the gradually part. They hit a critical point and then suddenly happens and I think Bitcoin will be no different. I think we'll go through a series of these things and I think the next year to three possibly four years or quite shocking take us two numbers that are really Like crazy. I don't know what the next they are Market looks like I think the next bull market, which we may be in the early stages of will end up being quite spectacular because the psychology which is set up and that's a big factor to so you have all these positive force is happening and you have this massive buildup of negative psychology. It'll be like a dam bursting as people know what they heard about Bitcoin. They know about the negative you I mean how many people I talk to people and they think I'm crazy. I talked to a lot of Yabba. No not if people think you're crazy. Yeah. No, I'm not really I'm not interested in nothing. Don't don't bother me. Oh the Bitcoin guy. Oh my God Gotta Get Away gotta get away from that guy. It's a Bitcoin guy. He's nothing but trouble I mean people make jokes about this, but it's true. We're annoying. I'm really annoying. I don't say that. Oh, I'm sure. Like that, but well you're touching on something that I'm very interested in and something I think about a lot to is after the next bull market or x amount of bull markets. What is the the correction look like is it as intense and psychologically what is a threshold at which people are like? All right. This is serious isn't going anywhere and we don't see an 80 to 90% crash again after maybe we Plateau fall 50% Okay, so you have misquoted me from from our first podcast. In January of 2019 you have misquoted make when I said that volatility will subdue IE downside volatility will become less and but upside volatility will remain insane. So I think that there's a good likelihood that at some point maybe the next bear Market more than likely definitely the one after that that the downside will be greatly diminished from what we've seen now. I'll give you a caveat. If we were to go to a million-dollar Bitcoin in the next four years, I don't know what it looks like. Thanks for if Bitcoin were to go from where it is now for a series of moves up to a million dollars. I don't know what crash would or would not look like. It's very hard to guess if we really overshoot where I think we should go and I think we should go to that to or $400,000 range which people think it's crazy. But we really overshoot could we crash down to one or two? Thousand dollars maybe and I actually don't want to see million dollar Bitcoin in the next three or four years. I'd rather only see. I know people think that's crazy Bitcoin going to you know to to $400,000 because if you if you if you dropped from a peak of 400,000 to 150, which is not nearly as bad as what we've seen then lots of people feel comfortable coming in at 150. If you went to a million in this massive Spike, we're like in the last month or two you went from five hundred thousand dollars up to a million. You potentially have a lot of people who just got blown out. Really high prices. So how long that takes to correct? It could take a really long time to correct? I don't want to see something like that. Could we see it? It's possible. We could see it. I don't want to see it. I think that would be incredibly hard environment. I think it'd be very hard to trade. I think it'd be very hard to sell. I think the chain would become probably heavily bogged down. We'd have a hard time moving Bitcoin to sell because I don't want to see that. I don't want to see that and actually it brings up a good point. I forget who said it core developer recently said that the the pace of development at the protocol level is pacing nicely with the price right now. So Bitcoin is usable at this price at this. Option level and it'll be interesting to see how development Paces with the price going forward. Especially if markets continue doing what they're doing an animal spirits take over. Do you think the protocol is better position for a bull run moving forward? Is better position than what than it was three years ago 27th the protocol like the the technology. I'm not I'm not an expert on the protocol. I'm not going to I'm not going to speculate on that. I'm not knowledgeable enough there. I think there's a lot of great things happening, but that's really a question of other people not for me. I think that the infrastructure background is is friendly or towards massive amounts of money coming in and will continue to accelerate and we'll see More money coming into developing potential scaling layers and businesses trying to find their way. Look we see that with somebody like square a company like square that is supporting core developers that is doing a lot of really really positive things. I would expect with Rising prices will see at least. I hope we do more companies that are like Square we have delta T that's doing stuff. I think that we'll see a lot of investment where companies are trying to build their own businesses and benefit from from using Bitcoin and are supportive of the values of Bitcoin and I'm hopeful that we'll see that as far as the protocol goes that was over and above my head and I'm not an expert in that I won't comment I think for the infrastructure, I think we've built a lot of infrastructure in the last few years and I think that will continue to happen. Will allow for more money flows come in was the cash app around in 2017. Towards the tail end I believe they started were where anybody using it not as many people as they're using it today. So people always losing it widely. So cash app is is phenomenal on board on boarding tool and so there are there are a lot of things that I'm going to you've got give Bitcoin out there that becomes a number there are a lot of things that are out there that are building their a lot of things that were not there in 2017, which would be supportive. If things become truly crazy and you're dealing with a very fixed asset, it depends on what hollers do how much they release at what price is they release that it becomes really hard to imagine people become crazy when prices go up. They really do we saw this in the late 90s and in the.com bubble, so it's hard to know. I find as much as I say these things. I don't actually believe what I say and I'll give you 400 LOL. Nah, let me let me let me tell you I'll give you a perfect example if I'm in my own personal life. So in two thousand three and four I was talking about gold and I was saying, you know, they're gonna be all these problems and and and So I bought like two gold coins. It's like nothing and then 2008 happened and they did tarp and I said to myself. Oh my God, the banking system almost just shut down. So then I started buying gold. This thing can really happen the banking system can actually shut down. So when I say, I don't believe what I say, I say it but then it's like oh, I don't go load up on Golden 2000 2002 2003 when I showed up in doing that. So I thought rates are going to go down and then like two weeks later they get cut in half. So yeah, I think rates can go down but I don't think rates are gonna go down in two weeks. So when I say, I don't believe what I say aye I can be right about something but yet I'm also surprised at how aggressive it is and how right I might be in something so Your ideas write the timings off a little bit. Well, it's just like You believe it but it's like it's when you're talking about things which are really hard to believe. It's sometimes even hard to believe it yourself that. If Bitcoin is sitting at $400,000, I'm going to be like I said, I'm gonna $400,000 but man I didn't think it would really go to $400,000 this fast and and we won't it's going to be hard to believe. I promise you because to $400,000 you will not believe it and neither one most other people and if it goes higher we're going to be really Bonkers and the whole world will be Bonkers. They're very we can say these things but actually watching it happen. You still sad. You still stand there with your mouth open just in astonishment and I think it should happen but actually watching the thing actually happen. I'm astonished that the tenure paper is at point. Seven four eight right. Now. I'm astonished I look at the yield curve. The curve is all on pretty much not not the 30-year all under one percent. These are astonishing numbers. I did not live in a world like this. I mean I saw sure post post 2000. 2008 but in the 90s you had rates that were what we considered normal rates in the five and six percent range numbers and these numbers are crazy. I mean we regularly had money markets were five and six percent we had, you know, two-year three-year five-year treasury paper 5% 6% tenure paper in numbers like that. It's just really Hard to imagine when things really do happen and so talking about it is one thing and then seeing it happen is really very different. I am comfortable in My Views, but even though I'm saying all these things will still be shocked when it happens because these are shocking things and they Can't you can't deny your your human instinct? Right or everybody has a hard time imagining a world that's different from the one they know and that includes me. It's very hard to imagine a world that you don't know yet and yet yes, I believe it. Yes. I think it's going to happen. But when it happens, it will be astonishing. It will astonish even those of us who believe it will happen. Does that make any sense? I know I know you look at you. You got really nervous when I said that you got really nervous. I can see the line across him is like what the hell is this? I thought you were going to contradict yourself, but I completely understand what you're saying. I felt that way in 2017. Like I couldn't believe it got the 20,000 when I got there and like you I've been I've been saying that I think it will hit millions of dollars one day. What year did you buy Bitcoin? That's a very personal question right approximately. Okay, I'm approximately what price did you buy Bitcoin approximate range my do not I bought it to the height of the last bubble before the A bubble, but did you buy lower than that to? Yes, I did. Okay. So when you bought lower than that, did you really think I was going to hit 20,000? I mean I thought so yes, but when it had were you amazed when I got there? Yeah having it like this is a PSA at all. You freaks out there like make sure you have especially stuff that you have in your own custody down like lockdown because that that treasure this Hardware while it's get very heavy when that price starts to rise. I'm no but my point is my point is if you see something if you're buying Bitcoins at $300 and you see it at ten thousand dollars and it's not that many years later. It's pretty astonishing. I have to add this one thing before we go Bitcoin is the key to a long life. Why do you say this? Because it may not be any longer but watching it every day. It sure seems like it's a lot longer, right? Yeah. Yeah, it's been a very long two years. Well her it's going too far as long as it's been a fun two years. I didn't say it isn't fun. I just as long we watch this thing 24/7 right even everything about say they don't look huh? You ever think about taking a vacation from watching this stuff? 24/7 how do you take a vacation from it? It's everywhere. You can't you can't help yourself. I like to walk it I didn't but I don't but I don't trade it. I just sit and watch it. Is that drive you crazy at all? I mean, you're already crazy. Not really. Not really. No. I look I'd be happier right now of Bitcoin was sitting at 25,000. I think it's dumb at this price. I think $9,000 is stupid cheap. I mean I did not think Bitcoin was going to get rekt from six to three thousand. I just didn't think that was going to happen. I wasn't happy when it happened. I felt when it got wrecked to People saying what's going on 1000 that was just stupid, and that's why I wanted to talk to you back in January 2019. I think this is just a very large base that we're tracing out that will give us an enormous. What's-her-name Levine's amount of says the bigger the base the higher in space. So we just have this huge thing that we're tracing out here that we're only people who really believe in this thing and holding onto it because they ride through the ups and downs, which this has been very beneficial for the class of 2017 to 2020. It's been a very beneficial time for them to load up on on bitcoin. And I think that they'll be people who are our dollar cost averaging into it today who if they are able to hold on to what they have if you're 25 or 30 years old when you're 50 or 60 years old. You're going to be very very rich. I think even one Bitcoin will make you very very very rich. I talked to a guy the other day told me you only has 53 million SATs and he's trying know trying to become a whole corner. And I said, you know keep keep keep doing that keep working on that. I think even 53 million sets will be a staggering amount of money many people will have sold well before the numbers that I think it will get to in 20 to 30 years, but if you're able to hold on to that Million sites will be a lot of money and that seems crazy and we think oh my God, how can that possibly be? But if you bought Bitcoin at a dollar and you bought 10,000 of them, it's only $10,000 which is not a lot of money. I mean ten thousand dollars just in the world of investing is nothing. It may be a lot of money to do certain things with but that today is how much is that today? Which is 10,000. It's 90 million dollars. How much is that? 10,000 Bitcoins. I mean, it's 90 million, right? Yeah. We don't we don't want to make that steak that woman made ten MSNBC who said that who said that million dollars and everyone could have had a million dollars from that little bit. We don't want to make that mistake right here. I'll look it up right now 10,000 Times nine million nine hundred ninety million dollars. So who the fuck $10,000 could become 90 million dollars. That's crazy. And I think that you know, I think that 30 years and that's a long time 30 years from now 20 years from now that one Bitcoin at $9,000 today who will be worth an enormous amount of money. So because a lot of people will sell they'll end up Distributing out that Bitcoin to other people the gini coefficient will keep You growing the be very few people are able to really hold on as these things go up. If we watch it go to two three four hundred thousand dollars. If you own 10 Bitcoin today, you gotta go no care. We don't end the coin today and it's at $300,000. That's three million dollars. So that's a lot of money and it's a lot of money goes to 3 million dollars in 10 years and Bitcoin. Is 30 million dollars that's an enormous amount of money. So it'll be hard to hold on to our stash because we'll always be scared of how it trades. It's going to be difficult people will spend and people have to live, you know, you got to pay your expenses. So if you have a job, you'll be earning an income. But your stash may become worth a lot of money and you want to you want to take nice vacations. You want to buy a car you want to do things with so people All do things but they will also want to enjoy that money as well. So people will probably spend some of it some will spend more than others. A lot of people won't hold anywhere near the amount of Bitcoin the number of Bitcoin that they have in 10 and 20 and 30 years. I agree. I see I mean we've seen it happen time and time again already. That's all I'm saying. Yeah, and I guess we can end it with talking about like the perfect storm. And another thing that I thought was very very one thing. I thought was very interesting this week again playing into fundamentals and then going back to your comments earlier about getting Capitol Hill involved in lobbyist involved is Bitcoin mining becoming a function of power plants and we're seeing more oil and gas companies get into it too. So a lot of people are depending on the coin centers and you were describing like a bitcoiners pack in the future. I think we were able to Trojan Horse our way in through the energy sector particularly oil and gas companies that I think that's actually brilliant. I think that taking people might be negative on this, but think about out Bitcoin has tremendous incentives built into it for energy Innovation Energy Efficiency. Some people complain that utilities mining bitcoins and negative but one of the things I believe and so I'm not an expert here. So give me a little leeway. One of the things I believe is that energy producers like utilities Electric utilities have a problem with is Peak load issues and stabilizing their production of power. If you're mining Bitcoin and you can say, okay, we'll turn the Bitcoin off the power level is whatever you can better predict the loads. You're operating at because that becomes a variable item that you can either use or not use and now you can stabilize that load you can plan your energy production in a much more precise way and my guess is and I'm not an electrical engineer. I'm not an expert in utilities, but being able to pre-plan the load that is being produced. deuced Is probably enormously beneficial to utility. So I think there are a lot of really good things that come out of that and people say oh no, this is a terrible thing, but it's probably it probably means that you can re-evaluate your investments in the latest technology produce energy more efficiently produce energy with less Solutions. That you know, I think that's yeah and get some music going on in the background there. I don't know what it was. I trying to figure out what it was. It could be. No, I didn't sell I could be an ad going off one year when your tabs it's open or something like that. I have multiple computers here can't find the mouse. That's weird. Anyway, so I think that it becomes very beneficial to the utility sector. I think it tends to draw I think will tend to drive Innovation. And I think that that will be a very very good thing and I think that we'll see a lot of positive stuff. Come from that. I completely agree. That's like one of the things I'm most passionate about right now. The Bitcoin narrative is trying to change that energy narrative particularly. I think it is changing in it will become more obvious that Bitcoin really helps fix in efficiencies in the energy sector particularly and in a glaringly obvious way once you once you actually see like this this power plant that went live and up. New York are consuming 40 megawatts a day. That's insane. Well, if being able to have a stable amount of production, I believe and you'll need somebody who knows more about this than I do, but I think that's actually a really positive thing for an energy producer rather than having this huge fluctuation. And I think you wind up with fluctuations on the basis of on the basis of the time of day as well as seasonality in the year, but I think it's those shorter term production Cycles which become difficult for utilities and being able to smooth that out. Probably is very beneficial to running those utilities, but you'll need to talk to somebody knows a lot more about it than I do. Well, I actually one of the First episodes we had on this podcast is with somebody who works at an energy company at a facility and he Saying Joe Luna Charles djou loony, he was saying I don't know if it was his particular facility or another around him, but they were basically putting water in like train cars and pushing it up a hill and dropping it down the hill which then had turbines that would pick up the water and sort of reproduce the energy so they had like a net zero energy consumption overnight when the load was later. So they keep the factory on but now just being able to use that energy to mind Bitcoin instead. You can make money that way and not have to do that redundant useless task. So just it just makes a lot of sense there would be fantastic. Yeah, and then good really be fantastic Oil and Gas Energy Lobby seems to be one of the biggest in the world. Like we may not even have to depend on coin Center. It may help them out so much that they go to bat for Bitcoin on Capitol Hill. That'd be great. That would be really great. And and and I think we'll see a lot of innovation. In the space. I don't I'm not an expert in energy and so incentives are really economic incentives are better ways to drive Behavior than our regulation or moral imperatives. You may think something is going to court the right thing to do. But if you benefit from it economically by doing it you really tend to want to do it anyway, so That just I think you can economic incentives are very powerful drivers for human behavior many of My Views around Bitcoin all revolve around price. And what price does and price is incredibly important maybe the most important thing in an economy price causes consumers and producers to make choices and if price drives Individuals and entities to do things that are net positives then that becomes a good thing. So Bitcoin becomes something which creates incentives to drive behavior that is is beneficial. That probably sounds what's up. Yeah, that's beautiful know I've I wholeheartedly believe that the incentives are such this are at second third order incentives outside of the direct Network are are beneficial as well. And people are just starting to notice this it's a perfect storm. It seems like it's all coming together. Everything was good for Bitcoin. All bad news. All good news is good for Bitcoin. Obstacles are nothing but things to be overcome by the social layer of Bitcoin. Bitcoins inevitable party I think so as well and I guess let's end it last note. How strong is the social layer Bitcoin right now? It's gotten stronger in this bear Market. I think so. But I mean, I'm just one person. I mean I only see what's on Twitter and I think that maybe it may just be a limited window but The social are is created by the incentives of Bitcoin. So turns out Marty that you don't change Bitcoin Bitcoin changes you. And we're going to add that on that peace and love freaks.