Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives.And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's always a big it was hello everybody today on the Pod. We are joined by the esteemed professor John be Cobb Junior. Dr. Cobb is an American Theologian philosopher and environmentalist. Cobb is often regarded as the preeminent scholar in the field of process philosophy and process theology. He's also the author of over 30 books and he just celebrated his 95th birthday. He was the first Theologian elected to the prestigious American Academy of Arts and Sciences for his interdisciplinary work. Ecology economics and biology. All right. Now I'm going to give you a super brief primer on process philosophy and theology before we start to help you track a little better with where we're going process philosophy as you'll hear has deep roots in the East but in the beginning of the 20th century was more formalized in Western thought through the work of Alfred North Whitehead and others process philosophy is an attempt to build a more cohesive worldview one that is more aligned with how we actually experience the world and with what we know about the world through Science it favors events over substances be coming over being and relationality and cooperation over competition while dr. Cobb is well-versed in process philosophy much of his work has been more as a process Theologian the big difference here between the process and Orthodox view of God is that in the process view God is the one who lures creation towards the good the true in the beautiful rather than controlling and dominating in other words God's power is persuasive. Not coercive consequently process theologians actually have a satisfying answer to one of the biggest challenges to Classic theism the problem of evil the got a process philosophy is not responsible for allowing evil to happen or commanding it himself because God is always cooperating with the world to bring forth the best in every moment, but never operating with unilateral coercive power additionally as John will point out process philosophy and theology provide a means of retaining value. It's like the good the true in the beautiful as well as explaining God's agency in the world all without denying what we learn through science and actually aligning more with scientific findings than does a strict materialism. Okay, my apologies for the firehose introduction, but hopefully will give you a bit of an easier time tracking we were going it's a little bit of heavy conversation, but John is very wise and a delightful human and I know you'll all enjoy what's coming up. We've got this let's Dive In John thank you so much for being on the show. Well, you're welcome. Thank you for watching me on the show. Yeah, so just like a little bit of background what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to talk through the big questions of life through the lens of the good the true the beautiful and just talk to wide variety of people of different backgrounds beliefs professions. Yeah. Just trying to get a really just a First hearing of humanity. Yeah, so I'm really glad to have you on here. Then I like to start off. I feel like maybe the best way to get under or into maybe the good that you're in the beautiful is through this idea of Wonder especially connected to Childhood. I think and I was curious growing up. What would cause you to feel a deep sense of wonder about the world. Well for me my summer vacations were the high point of every year. And we did have a little cabin near the foot of Mount Fuji. And of course the beauty of Mount Fuji was part of the Wonder, but just it was being in nature in a way that urban life was quite different. And I think maybe what I felt could be called Wonder did part of it have to do with the fact that it was these vacations that it was something repetitive. No, I don't think so. The summer vacation was three months and this was six weeks. Okay, and so it wasn't just being on vacation was being on vacation. They have been in that place Urban setting. Mmm. That sounds very lovely. So you grew up in Japan until How old were you 15? I feel like I read when I came back I've got I've been back and forth a couple. Yeah, I first came to the United States when I was 6 and then went back to Japan for seven years and came again. And by that time things were getting kind of hot. We came back by Europe on that occasion when we were on the ship the Queen Mary between Southampton and New York Britt. And declared war on Germany and we were not in Europe at the time of the war. But obviously the clouds of War were gathering. Yeah, and we were not at war with Japan. So after a year, we went back to Japan, but the consoles were saying encouraging Americans to leave and I was going to a Canadian school and Canada was at War and all the male teachers were being conscripted. So I was only Back in Japan a few months at a time part of the reason I wanted to have you on now. I'm I've become very interested in process philosophy and theology in the past few years and become friends with trip. And I know that you have this upcoming process and reality kind of class online and I wanted to be able to tell people about it before it started, but I thought it would be great to hear some of your thoughts maybe in a more. More or less academic sense. Most of the listeners of the show probably don't know very much at all. If anything about process philosophy. I try not to talk about it all the time because I'm excited about it. But I know that people there's a broader interest in what I'm trying to connect but it's a very helpful way for me to think through a lot of things. So I'd love it if maybe you could explain in maybe the simplest way that you can think about it. What process philosophy is and why anyone should care about it? Well at one point one can just say I think think most people could understand the dominant philosophy of the West focuses upon objects in its understanding of reality and example, we will be a reality we take this table and you can hit it and you can see it. It has it exists. There as an object and in our grandma, we like to start a sentence with a noun or pronoun in other languages, but that's true of all of the Indo-European languages. Hmm But other languages that includes Hebrew also includes Chinese the sentence focuses more on the verb and it's more in Israel. Especially it was more it was not So much amount of things you touched and saw by the things that you heard and spoke. So there's very little discussion about the appearance of God or even seeing God but there's a lot of talk of what God says. Hmm. And so when you read the Bible, you'll mainly reading about events but fast if he wasn't developed It Israel. Hmm. So the philosophy that we study almost entirely that is in the Indo European countries. And that's where philosophy has mainly developed is a substance philosophy. It assumes that the world is made up of things and the things are like what we see. I mean, of course everyone recognizes that it's the things can be too small to see But but we still think of them as being like the things that we see ya process philosophy. Well the the first great process for us food was developed in India, and it was Buddha and Buddha said there aren't any substances. It's very interesting that although Buddha is greatly admired in India. His followers are almost entirely in China and Korea and Japan hmm and all over the world now to of course. Yes, but yes, when people grow up with the Indo-European languages, it's very difficult to think that there are no substances. It took years of meditation on the go, spot. Heraclitus was a Greek who thought of things in terms of events, but both Plato and Aristotle and all the people the people influenced by them have gone. Back to say his of reality is made up of entities objects things. So process philosophy is rare that in the west and the since we all thinking in terms of our language and a language encourage us to think in substance terms to think and process terms requires study. And the first time somebody here is there no substances. The world is made. Made up of events. They're not likely to respond positively because they have nothing to relate that to that. They are already thinking Hmm. Of course people who are read. The Bible do have something to related to the Bible is very little talk about objects and how they relate to each other and what they're used for and so forth the great deal talk about what happened and the gospels are the story of a storyteller. That's all events. I think we often read back the Western way of looking at even when we're looking at something like the Bible which is event oriented. We we tend to translate it back into things. Oh, yes. And of course the Bible was written mainly in Greek. I mean the New Testament was written even even in the Way It Was Written it was already influenced by that. Yeah. But people and I have been very critical of the doctrine of the Trinity. So people say you don't believe in the Trinity. Well, I say, I believe in the Father the Son and in the spirit, but I believe in them the way the Bible talks about them not the way they were talked about by Greek philosophers. Hmm. I don't think there are three substances or one substance in three hypothesis hypotheses. None of that has anything to do With the way they are presented to us in the Bible. So if there is a huge difference, and if you think in terms of substances, it's almost impossible to say where God is because no two substances can occupy the same space at the same time. Mmm, and all space is occupied by physical reality. So I think that it's one can't believe in the Political God much better if one thinks in terms of events and of what God does is chiefly speaking communicating meanings. I mean, I don't sometimes it sounds like people actually heard but other times it's it's clear that meanings came to them, but they felt were from God. Hmm informed instructed guided called so I believe that for the sake of the biblical Faith. It's very important that we not push the substance for you. Now, if you just ask me to explain what the difference was. Well just why I mean you're getting at into what yeah, so the difference between process philosophy is like that essential difference of events versus objects. What's a way that you find helpful to communicate? That difference to people. Well, I think the difference is is not hard. If you say when you hear music that's an event. The music is any event. No one thinks to music is a substance. Hmm what people my music is something everybody knows it's not obscure. Hmm. I think today it's also helpful because people are so in awe of the Natural Sciences to point out that the substance approach which works very well for a couple of centuries really doesn't help us to understand the quantum world. If you go down below the level of this a electron the way of thinking of things in terms of substances simply doesn't work. That's why they recognize today but Just say that's queer and keep on talking about the rest of the world in subsystems. I think that they if the rest of the world is a made up of a world that is not substantive substitute one should understand that the substances are not the foundation of the world. The two main sources of Western Civilization Greeks are the one-handed and Hebrews on the other and the Bible says God spoke the world into existence very eventful. Hmm gah I said let there be life and that was life that that's a very different kind of notion of creation from taking something and molding it with your hands. Hmm. Anyway, I keep sits on the Theologian and you were interested in that side of it. Also, I'm using those examples but the scientific examples are Justice compelling. I think we're which is part of what drove White had to start thinking about a lot of this in the first place. Correct. Yes. I think Wyatt had understood the problem of substance. They could very well Quantum phenomena that I brought up as a way of explaining this with just beginning at the time. He was writing and though he refers to them a little bit. They were not important in reshaping his thinking Hmm one of the problems with substance thinking Is that individual objects separate from other individual objects and in the real world everything is related to everything but in the image world of substances nothing is related to anything else. I mean, it can be related by being pushed but in terms of what it is and itself is independent and for y for Whitehead that just misled us. Us in every area of Our Lives I'm shocked and an event is constituted by relationships a substance is not constituted by relationships. It separate helium is a very important philosopher and cause was very important for official cause was very important for the scientists in one sense. That's what they seeking. They want to know what made this happen and he could not find because he was looking for at substances and how they're related. He couldn't find any in the world of sight and he took the world of site as being the world really so the history of empiricism just ended if you cannot talk about causality empirically what Kant said, that's the only way I'm eyes are so organized. That's the only way in which we I can think about these relationships but we don't see them or have any sense of them. We impose that from the mind and so British empiricism gave way to German idealism because it just didn't work but I think German idealism doesn't work either. So in fact phosphorus have given up our cosmology. Very few philosopher's do cosmology. And I think cosmology is just very important whiteheads process and reality is an essay in cosmology was going to ask you it seems as good a time of any when Whitehead is kind of notoriously difficult to read. Why do you think it's important to specifically have this class going through process and reality? Well, I'm doing the clasp because that's what trips are people who are now interested in and I think it shows that the test of certain maturing the most important books wide as process in reality is I think no more difficult that cuts critique of pure reason Thomas Aquinas Summa theologiae. Is not all that easy to read either the difficulty I think is the one I've been talking about. Our language makes us think one way. So to ask you to think in a way that your language doesn't encourage you to think is asking an awful lot and that's why he develops new language or new meanings for old words. That's right, and he explains it. It each time and I think if you read the explanations carefully, you can understand them but to have to puzzle out each sentence sort of from scratch is difficult. I'm going to take some paragraphs and go through them word by word very carefully and I don't think any of them need to be that difficult. Hmm But When they are inviting you to think to see the world differently than your language has encouraged you to now I'm commenting on the cultural difference because whereas universities in the United States have largely excluded. Why hit in China 36 universities have established centers for process thought for Chinese. You see the the first major book of Chinese start is the each in its the book of changes. So if you've always thought the changes were fundamental. Why isn't that difficult Buddhism had the same history? I've only thought about that recently. It had great difficulty in catching on in India and to this day. It has not caught on in India, but in China it was warmly received. Anything most of that is due to just to the the way that we use language. It's the way language shapes thought hmm. My Chinese colleague who has been doing the work in China that has been so successful. So easily accepted pointed out that in English when there is rain we have to say I don't have to but the Natural Way say it is raining. Hmm. Now it is a pronoun in one should be able to point to what it is that the it refers to but you can't do that. So it's just a way of showing how our minds need to have a subject that is concrete it special. So if you allow it is raining to guide your scientific study of rain, you might get yourself pretty badly mixed up. Obviously. It doesn't have that tighter control over us if You to understand something is to understand what it is and itself as a visible object or like a visible object then to ask you constantly to think of the different way David Bohm, is that are named you're familiar with yeah a little bit. He was quantum theorist whose I think one of the most philosophical of the quantum series and he said, if he could get his get us too thick at to formulate what we want to say in gerrans instead of announced he thought we would be able to understand the world of quantum theory is like teaching is that of teacher if you see if you say the teacher says something you've got the teacher here and then the saying is something that the teacher Is if you say teaching that that's the activity of helping students to learn something and and if primarily you see the world is made up of teaching rather the teachers then you can understand the quantum world. That was what he thought. It's interesting and I think you can also understand the biblical World great deal better. Wanted to ask you how coming into contact with bra. Process philosophy ended up affecting your faith because I think I was reading that you had kind of been done with the standard kind of Christian version of God, but had similar re encountered that through thinking through a process lens. Yes. Well before I went to graduate school, I've been in the Army for three and a half years and been with an unusual group of people. Because you don't usually expect your companions in the Army to be intellectuals, but I encountered intellectuals in the Army for the first time and I discovered that the beliefs I had grown up with as a child. And had not been challenged in my junior college experience. Well, one switch the more intellectual members of the committee of the cultural Community regarded as completely out of date for the advanced thinkers belief in God was out of date the modern the basic model teachings, really Is God so I went to graduate school with this issue very intensely in my view and I had the Good Fortune of studying with child's Hartzog who had been a close associate of Whitehead and I found him very convincing and satisfying but at the same time I was spending most of my time reading modern literature modern. Philosophy by the psychology modern sociology On and On In other words naturally what you read college or university is modern thinking and the modern thinking clearly left God out completely. I found that even though I was very satisfied with a philosophy which have a nice place for God that the absorption in the model. Okay had undercut my belief in God, so that has made me understand that what we really believe is very much informed culturally. Hmm. If and our if our vision of things is we Cliff week if we assume we can explain everything without God and and the you modern University certainly does that then then what'd this guy do if God isn't the explanation of anything even in religious studies you don't bring God in I mean religious studies as they are done in universities. You don't bring God into explain religious experience you bring experience in to explain the fiction. That is God. So I became in a few months. I became absorbed into that bottom way of thinking at the same. Time intellectually. I thought there were good reasons for believing in God rather strange pairing of thought but if became clear to me that As long as we thought and substance terms Faith was going to have to be but well the way the way that the problem has been dealt with is that Immanuel Kant taught in pure reason. God does not appear even human Freedom doesn't appear moral responsibility. Does it appear those are things that belong to the world of practical thought and It's an interesting way of dividing things up. I have never liked it at all. If you think that your values and your religious beliefs and your spiritual life have no connection with reality. Well, I just can't accept that. I don't think we live in Two Worlds one, theoretically one practical I think practical thinking affects scientists a great deal in the way. They formulate their ideas and I think What we believe are the facts has a great deal of effect upon how we think about values. So for me discovering Whitehead, As an alternative to this for my point of view almost insane dualism was a spiritually extremely important event. I become more and more convinced of its importance and more and more convinced that it can be it can explain everything that is explained in the mechanistic world view and do it better. No, I think quite Head Start is I don't think it's fine. Why they would have never thought that he his father. We sort of ended the whole process of thinking. Yeah, but I think it is a path that needs to be trod in order to save frankly save Humanity from suicide. Yeah, but I mean you're getting into I think the way that looking at the world in a more event relational lens affects the way we view our impact on the ecology a lots of people have been gun taught have this lots more emphasis on relationality today and I don't think fight it is primarily the one who's responsible for it, but it's the world is catching up with her with where Whitehead was yes, if we understand that our very being is made up of our relations with other people. Then we don't think of them as separate from other are not separate. We constantly participate in constituting one another the most natural and fundamental relations are Cooperative relations at the Deep level. We know that we are happier when our neighbors are happy defeating your neighbor and displaying your power over. Your neighbor doesn't Doesn't contribute to any kind of enduring happiness. It's substance thinking it's very difficult to avoid competition. If it shows up in the theories of evolution Lynn margulis was one of the leading evolutionary thinkers in the post darwinian world, and she was convinced that the neo-darwinian explanation of Entirely in terms of competition just isn't so and she finally demonstrated Beyond dispute to very unwilling colleagues that the most important step in and I'm say is the most important step to development of the eukaryotic cell. That's the cell that makes up all animal bodies that stepped in. Not come about the way Evolution it neo-darwinian evolution is said it did it came about once cell swallowed another self, but didn't digest it that doesn't sound like exactly like cooperation. She could put it in ways that two cells jointly became the didn't you sell rather than than one kind of cell destroying the others or outliving the others and so forth and she thought it Many stages of evolution that this Cooperative element played at least this larger Ola animals that cooperated with each other survive when metals that were constantly in competition with each other didn't for example substance. Thinking just seemed not to allow she was really persecuted by her colleagues. They did not want her to make the point, but they couldn't deny the evidence. But even though they couldn't deny the evidence when you ask them to explain evolution. They did it in a way that did not include her our contribution. I'm just saying the bias toward competition is so strong and our culture and I think that really is based on the philosophy that a process for us V naturally leads to to community and I think unless we can understand ourselves as E LS community and unless we can understand these communities as communities of community. So that one Community flourishes when other communities flourish not when it destroys other communities. Mmm. So so I I do think that a deepest level of the thinking which most of us are not conscious self and we don't have any sense that Because we speak English. We think one way rather than another and of course one can say all these things in perfectly normal English. I don't normally start up my conversation so quickly by talking about the problems of language. We can certainly understand the father Greeks for God to be really good. God needed to be unaffected by anything else. Mmm. So we wrote that into Christian theology. It's totally different from what the Bible says about God and for God to be really great. God needs to have all the power. What's nonsensical the Bible never says God is Almighty that the word Almighty is there but it's there to substitute for proper noun not because the proper down Could be well, it's shut-eye. Hmm. And Shah died. I've asked several people who know much more than I they said. Someone said it's like the great Tetons it it suggests mountains, but it suggests mountains this breasts. I've thought wouldn't it be wonderful if we had the kept in the Bible the notion of God as the breasted one. That would have been a more accurate. It for shall die. Yeah, but the Greeks and the Greek and Latin wouldn't dream of thing like that. God has to be totally in control determining everything. Totally unaffected by what I said. I just don't believe in that God at all. Hmm. Not the god of the Bible. Not the god of Jesus. It's not the god of Paul. It's Orthodoxy is defined in those terms. But to be Orthodox is to betray the Bible. I think was helpful for me to hear is instead of this idea of That the Greeks had of God as the unmoved Mover that God is the most the most moved mover the one who is experiencing. Exactly and what we can say this in English. You don't have to go into all the all the stuff I was going into it's just I've been so struck. That's what when we talk about these things in China. They say well of course mmm. No, I think that that idea of the way thought influences or language influences thought is profound. I always thought 1984 was the scariest book I ever read because that concept of trying to control people's language in order to limit their thought was terrifyingly real. But but you can see it on these larger levels where nobody's trying to you know control our language to make us think this way. We just it's been that way and we're kind of stuck in it and it's hard to hard to think your way out of it a bit. And it economics is another field in which this difference is very very sharp. You kind of us think of homework and Amicus as an individual who cares only for himself or herself and when I say economy's I mean most economists of course, but neoliberal economy is certainly mmm, and it's it fair for such things up in terms of It's Injustice. I was describing before and I wrote a book with him and daily and in our minds when we wrote it. It was economics for community that idea didn't please the publisher. He didn't think it would sell. I think it would have sold. I'm but nevertheless I could understand he just so the publisher called it for the common good. And I like the expression for the common good. But unless we understand the common good is not just the good for a lot of individuals considered separately. But you have the common good only when all of those people understand each other in such a way that their advances what's good for them. It's good for you too, babe makes a huge difference for the you think of other people and competitively as part of Your community, so I'm just giving examples of why I consider that my work as a theologian is extensively philosophical. One of our the patrons of my show wanted to ask you what your hope for the future of process relational thinking is and its application for future Generations. Well in the last five years the response that process thinking is getting in our culture has improved greatly. There's such a collapse of the inherited world. That I think there is a chance that people will say we've got to find another way of thinking. I don't mean tens of millions of people hundreds of thousands of people. I think that but finally shake up our school system because our school system is all set up to help people in individual competition with each other. That's not the only thing wrong with it, but that's a very rare. Wrong thing. Yeah, I wanted to ask you about your thoughts on education. I've heard you speak on that a couple times. But you say that our higher education is valueless. What do you mean by that? And what do you see as the problem but University D describes itself as a value free research University. I think Immanuel Kant is probably the grounds of this. Remember we talked about this a little while ago. Top that there is that there are facts and facts are fully describable without any evaluation whatsoever. Mmm. That's what pure reason is now can't themself I have to keep saying thought that practical reason we just as important as pure reason but if your entire educational system focus is only on pure reason you're not going to bring up people to think that practical reason is as important. So I'm I say a whole educational system is an effort to persuade children that they are zombies. In other words, if everything is to be explained and mechanistic ways, including the human person and the suck our subjective experience purposes Play-Doh role in the world. That's that's the most explicit part of this but actually subjective experience as a whole place. No part of the world. That's the philosophy that is dominant. In universities and I think it's vicious very destructive children are persuaded that life is meaningless. And there's no answer to that except money. If you don't teach that values are important that will not keep people from wanting to be rich and powerful and to enjoy sex. So those values are going to are not going to be destroyed by that being ignored but values. Like kindness and generosity and helpfulness and all the rest if they're not worth teaching in schools. Children won't get the impression of these are very important. I think for a long time. I that was a huge thing that I would try to write about in my music coming from this place of see I think seeing this this value kind of vacuum and trying to argue and say no there. Are there has to be purposes there has to be meanings that ended up really? I mean really this idea of the good that you're in the beautiful like those things I couldn't let go but I thought to hold on to them. I had to hold on to the Orthodox view of Christianity or like that. I really saw this false binary between that and like a reductive materialism. And so what's been really helpful for me in kind of rebuilding. Through some of the lens of process that is that I those things very much can be held onto without holding on to all of the Prada but problematic things about Orthodox Christianity, which has been really really helpful, but I'm curious how you feel like in a modern society. How did how can you re-inject those values into the public sphere in a way? Is and viewed as like coming from a specific religious background or in a way that that can feel Universal. Well, it's I don't like the answer that I'm giving you but it's works I've made it has a chance of working. I think the value of a healthy human survival is one that is not Only Christian it's certainly a Christian but I think Jews cares much about survival the Muslims care about it Hinduism and I just mean I think it's a human desire and I don't see that it's biased there is a book written warning us against doing that. It says it's written to professors and the title of the book is save the world on your own time. Another it's all right, if the professor tries to save the well but not in his classroom. And I think that's horrible. Why shouldn't we use classrooms this to try to save the world and a lot of there are a lot of classes that are sneak in at the edges of universities that really are trying to do good in the world. But why do we have to regard them as second? Ask academically there are weeks would not have regarded that as an inappropriate thing for education to do. I don't think any people prior to westerners in the 19th century thought that values were inferior with less important than facts and could be separated from Facts. So I really think that the these are crazy making ideas. I think everybody thinks that we should do what we can to keep Allah keep the planet habitable for our children. Yeah, and nobody really operates in the actual value freeway in their own life. Ya know. When you try to be value free. It discourages you from saying we really need to work together to do this and this and this in order that our children will have a happy world. Hmm that that's how kind of To start the university does not encourage. I don't want to destroy the university. I just wanted to use this vast resources. To help us as human beings get through these terrible trials. We are going through and wonder how much of it is related to we don't have a healthy pluralism in the broader world like and you know, you see that through kind of the culture wars and so everyone is kind of escalating their side of that and I think the university has probably Pushed harder into this value free zone as maybe some of the religious right has has risen up on the other side and it's it's become more split each of them gets worse and occurrences the other one to get worse. Hmm don't have to do that. The religious right would never have grown up. So intensely in its dogmatism is about things that we really don't have any basis for believing If the university had not insisted that those things had to be explained in a way that reduces human beings design bees. Hmm, and I'm just saying, both of them are responsible for how bad the other one is, you know, that's an interesting Dynamic and it seems like not necessary. We could all decide that it is important to keep the planet habitable and work together and it seems like process philosophy is Set up well to be able to encourage a chore deeper pluralism in the world and and that's why I have some hope that people will say, of course that means even if they've never started any process, I think they can respond to the idea that they really don't want to treat the world in such a way that their grandchildren are going to starve to death. I mean that's that doesn't require any particular. Tradition and if you say well we could we can get rid of the obstacles that are blocking us and preventing us from cooperating if we will rethink what the world is like. I think there's a chance you understand when I say that I mean there's a chance to say one in ten would be very good artist. Yeah. I hear you what we are heading for self-destruction at a rapid rate. Yeah, I agree. I wonder do you said before that you're seeing this increase in an understanding of relationality that you're saying probably is not coming from a white heady and stream Where do you think that that is coming from? Well potli just common sense. I mean everybody knows it. Yeah, but if if you're not allowed if it's contrary a to wise supposedly wise thinking you try to suppress that part of your knowledge the feminists were very strong on relationality so feminist art has always emphasized relationality and I think they and of course there was a real overlap between ecofeminism and process and number of the leading feminist adapted process that sort so that so these are not to entirely independent things but I don't want to say feminism was a product process that but they're in there in relationship they were interrelated in the theological field Mary Daly and rosemary Reuther were probably the two most important and Mary Daly says spoke positively of Whitehead she didn't speak positively a very many men so I don't I don't mean that she said let's all go read why there but but she just she did recognize something and I succeeded in becoming someone she trusted as a so I think that was a connection Rosemary ruthless thought was so congenial to process thought that she would go as part of a process team to Latin America for example but she assured that she would never read a word of wife that but but but we like what she had to say so we didn't she didn't have to say something about right hand to push what we call Process thought yeah so ecofin there are other forms of feminism but ecofeminism emphasizes relationality and emphasizes the natural world and being related to the Natural World in a positive Mutual Constructive way is a very important part of what we need. It's all of that is great. And I think it is because of their recognition that the world is made up of relationships and substances are not made up of relationship so they came very close. I feel like maybe that as that's becoming more of a an accepted idea in a bigger sense that relationality. That's maybe a good foothold for people to start understanding an event oriented World rather than a substance if you say I mean that was the time when if you said oh everything is made up relationships people would well maybe so but that would just sound very tactical and the and obscure and I don't feel that way now, I think people can I can understand that Unfortunately. They still think the you mean the table is made up for relationship and that's hard to you know, really make sense. Yeah, I feel like it people can maybe see it in simpler mean the quantum levels are hard to think through but even thinking through kind of subatomic and atomic level issues. Like I think it's easy to see. Oh Everything's relating. It's smaller than I can see but that's happening in that table all the time. And and that's that's a more fundamental reality than the shape and hardness of table that we see at the yeah. Yeah. I was going to say something sarcastic. I think everybody can understand it unless they have been going to universities to long. I feel hopeful in the moment of Like I'm not invested in people calling it process or reading Whitehead or whatever but I I feel hopeful for a larger sense of of people seeing the relationships between everything as more fundamental and I think that nothing but good things come from another way of talking is instead of emphasizing the event they is emphasized. Oops. Hmm weld is made up of organisms rather than the mechanisms of machines and they made up of all of organism that there are other terms. I mean that some people some people will respond to Yvette. Everybody knows there are events at me that isn't and some people will respond to this things are organically related. The world is made up of organisms. It's so there's more than one term and it's not important that we use white hairs language. Yeah, except that to really take be ready to take over guidance of Highly developed scholarly thinking Hmm. It's valuable that we have a thicker around whose work will certainly be able to guide it. Whereas I would say that Most eco-feminist and again, I've already expressed my great appreciation for that movement would not be able to help much in organizing the scientific part of a university which is a very important part of a university. Hmm. Yeah, I see her saying there's a there's a larger picture that that Whitehead is getting at even though the feminists are getting at a piece of it and a really helpful way and full wide. Did with why it was a mathematical physicist science was extremely important to him. Mmm. It's possible for people just say, oh we don't care about science. I I don't think that's healthy. I think that science has opened up vast ranges of understanding that it's better for human beings to have the not to have the fact that they have attack that science has attached all that. To the wrong metaphysics makes it all very problematic, but I don't want to throw the baby out with the bath. Yeah. Hey everyone, if you're already supporting the show through patreon, thank you so very much. If you aren't yet. I wanted to let you know that you can now become a patron and support the show for as little as $5 a month becoming a patron can provide you with a variety of perks including access to additional content like song lyric breakdown episodes QA episodes where you can submit questions for me to answer additional conversation episodes that won't show up in the public feed and access to our Discord board where we're building community and engaging in deeper conversations around the Last year, I spent some time talking with my good friend and guitarist of my band Thrice tap a Terran. Ishi. We talked about photography bread skateboarding and how he finds Beauty in the world. Here's a few clips from that episode when you're taking a photo of something that you think is cool. You're trying to document at least for me something that you've seen in real life and actual life. Yeah that you think is beautiful and worth capturing. See you pull the camera up to your face. You take that picture and then you move on you. You stay in the moment. You stay involved in what is how it gets sucked into an image of what you were looking at as well as a digital camera, you take the freaking picture. Then you're sitting there. You're reviewing it on the back of the camera. You might retake it and look at it again. And then it just pulls you away from that moment completely in a grain of wheat, you have pretty much everything you need in life, but you don't get any of that practically unless you ferment it which then unlocks all these amazing things for you and makes it not only More digestible but also more healthy for you and I just the idea that you can literally take flour and water and then ferment it using the like natural bacteria. Just that's around you and everyday life and then create bread out of literally just that was like really fascinating to me and that is actually better for you. Yes, if you're digging this podcast and want to join me and others like you in our pursuit of the good the true and the Beautiful Than joining us on patreon is the Best way to do it sign up today at patreon.com forward slash carry the fire pod. All right, let's get back to the show. Shifting gears a little bit. I wanted to hear a little bit about and actually one of our patrons was asking this to Daniel. He's wondering about just the ways that as a an unorthodox thinker theologically how you found kind of a home within, you know, a church family or something. We're not everyone's going to be thinking in Same way as like how has that been for you? You've been a lifelong Methodist, I believe right? Yeah. I think I'm very fortunate to have been the Methodist to be enough of this because of course John Wesley did not want to set up a separate institution. He thought of himself as a good church of England priest Wesley was very tolerant about beliefs and in his day you Unitarians and Catholics were both looked upon with great suspicion in England and he goes out of his way to talk about how some of them are very Christian and for him to be Christian was to be loving and I find that about as good a definition as one can get and God is love in a very very real way for him. He said he himself had no trouble with the Creed's but he certainly didn't require that his followers. Them. Mmm, so I don't feel like I have to break with Wesley. Hmm in order to do the things I want to do. My main criticism of the Methodist Church is it doesn't teach Wesley very much. So I think I'm more author klaxon. Most of the Methodist preachers have heard if Orthodoxy means agreeing with the founders interesting. Yeah. I'm very critical of my method is colleagues because they they think because dog muck is controversial and theology can often get very dogmatic. It's better just not to talk about about Dogma or teaching and I think theology is extremely important people like methodists have been so tolerant that they have not wanted to talk about what they believe. And the the general public understands Christian beliefs is being the ones of the conservatives I would argue that at least it is legitimate for Protestants to say we want to get back to the biblical ideas saying you got to believe that God is Almighty because that word got used to translate a proper name that seems ridiculous to me. Or you've got to you've got to believe that God is immutable that's nothing about that in the Bible. It's totally contradictory. But the worst of all you've got to accept an selves theory of the atonement in order to be a Christian for some people and that is not only not in the Bible. It's absolutely contradictory to the biblical view of God, or at least Jesus view of God. Mmm. So, I feel like I'm more and I extended my critics don't we although I really don't care what I'm orthodoxson I mean I do want to give the right teaching so that said samatha we had a very interesting and to be very encouraging development one of my students is named El Brown and he he he's he's no longer with us but he was a great guy anyway and he got into conversation with the Canadian fundamental Ernest I think that he used the term fundamentalist about himself so it's the proper term to use and he made claims about process stopped being closer to the New Testament than what the fundamentalists were saying the Bible talk now this this fundamentalist was a real Christian so he decided he would read the New Testament again and when he read it he found out it agreed with the process theology not not with what he had been teaching and his followers are now called themselves open and relational and open and relational theology is extremely similar to process theology I don't care what label people use yeah but I just mean I think that there are conservatives who are willing to let the bible teach them and if they will let let's get together yeah it's really hard to to not read into it what you think you're supposed to find there and what you're allowed to find in your social group this particular fundamentalist Theologian was a remarkable human being I mean I really I really mean that he could allow the Bible to speak to him it's Ted of telling the Bible what it was supposed to say yeah I found for myself the Bible became much more interesting when I could come to it without having to make sure that it all said it actually the same thing or even as you're talking about this it started and this idea of the idea of viewing the Bible as one inerrant thing is very much part of that is varying is varying biblical well but it's also it's also one unmoving unrelated thing right at that point cause this library of the Hebrew people which in a library is in relation right it's a bunch of different people speaking through time having a conversation relating to one another and so you have different views of God you have the view of you know the breasted one or you have the view of whatever and and these things none of them capture if God's real none of them are going to capture whatever God is God's Essence God's being or none whatever how you want to put it but as they live in relationship you start to get some Picture of what could be going on and you can join in that conversation too? Yeah, if the issue is do you believe the Bible is inerrant? I certainly don't believe the Bible is in there. The claim that the Quran is an arat is I can understand how it can survive. I was just thinking that yesterday how anybody could say that a book that contradicts itself and on every page. I mean the three Gospels Yes, tell us about the same events. But if you read the very carefully they don't say the same thing. They can't they can't I'll Beach exactly to yeah. Anyway, I just think that's one of the worst things that ever happened in Christian history was the idea that you have to force the Bible into inerrancy and the verse that's quoted about all. Sure is given for your education and so forth. I'm fine. Yeah, this whole library is given for your learning and inspiration. But that doesn't mean that everything in the library is exactly correct. It expresses a very basic feature of our for a lot of human being you need certainty. Mmm, and there's no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did too. To to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changes language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's always had big it was my dad talks about the fallacy of the perfect dictionary. There is no in other words that can't be a person. yeah it's interesting it's because people feel the need of certainty that they project Perfection yeah I talked about that a lot in this show I'm curious what what would you say to someone who's feeling that need for certainty like what's their way out Faith mmm we Faith made his faithfulness and commitment and belief but not not belief in the exactly sir propositions but belief belief it for Christians it means belief in Christ among other things and that is believed that following Following Jesus is something God calls us to do and it's it's worth sacrifice and self-giving, but you don't have to be intellectually certain about anything in particular effect. I think much of the time following Jesus leads you into very uncertain situations indeed will wrap up in a second. I really appreciate your time John. I wanted to ask if you You have any consistent practices or habits in your life that are helpful for you? I'm not very very good at that. I think my understanding of spiritual discipline coming from the New Testament and also reinforced by Whitehead is trying to be open and sensitive to what I'm being called to do right now. and I think that's a kind of spiritual disciplines but I don't have adult set aside 15 minutes every day to just reflect about it you know those kinds of things I wish I would've worked better with that I'm not proud of it but I'm just messing and I also wanted to ask you've done some work in kind of inter-religious dialogue especially with boot with Buddhism What would the thing that has been most that you've kind of brought into yourself the most from from interaction with Buddhist well I think that worth it was Buddhism has helped me see the full potential at ease of process thinking because it's very much a and they've been they've been at it 2,500 years ago and I am aware I mean what I what I see Is that many people find kind of inner Serenity by particular kinds of meditation? I think there are many kinds of meditation developed in India that actually have effects upon the brain being the shape of the brain gets affected by what them by your meditation practice and we should be very careful. in which forms of meditation we recommend but certainly if meditation helps people to achieve in a Serenity which may also enable them to have a pure compassion then can be gained when there's anxiety attention within so, I think that Christians can practice Buddhist Meditation And that's very good for many of you that says a Christian can be a Buddhist and I'm glad to say that Buddhists are recognizing that they have been too often too easily Satisfied by Inner Serenity in the midst of a world which needs to be changed. I had the opportunity. Unity to supervise to Buddhist dissertations and one of them was on has an social ethic and the other was on a pure land social ethic. These are two very different branches of Buddhism. But both of them are working now to develop I think that we could look forward to a time when Chris most Christians would be practicing Buddhist Meditation or Tend to another and most Buddhists would be involved in socially responsible work which they had integrated into their basic belief system. So that to me is important because I think the right relationship between the different faiths is complementary rather than competitive now between Buddhism and Hinduism there is an inherent element of competition and so odd, I can't say all things just because of the because of the roots because of Buddha rejected both Brahman and art man, there's nothing and I don't think one can regard The View that there is that there is not as complimentary. I think there are elements of contradiction between them and as a process think I prefer Buddhism so so I don't want to say everything can be reckoned reconciled I think a great many Hindu spiritual disciplines can be practiced by Christians just and Bruce can practice many of them too but I don't I think there are points at which there are contradictions but in any case basically I think we could I like the view that there are many mountains and there are there's more than one path of each of them but if there are many mountains that we are not competing with each other if I'm climbing this mountain and the Bruce's climbing that mountain we can say okay we are climbing different mountains as opposed to the analogy there were all claiming the same Mountain that analogy that was one time very potent and I obviously rejected it it's a way of saying we're all the same but we're not all the same and we can learn much more from each other if we allow ourselves to hear the things that we had never heard in our old tradition yes I think that's I think that's true yeah I think that's if that's a deeper form of respect that insisting that what you're saying is what we've been saying yeah we tend not to really hear the other person if we sure they say the same thing we are yeah I like that and I think you can still retain a bit of what the original analogy is trying to get at in the sense that you all are still climbing upwards right but I'm going up the mountain of learning how to achieve in a Serenity no matter what is the external world is like and going up the mountain of learning to love everybody and then to act on that love that if they're not to forms of the same thing but they're not contradictory yes exactly yeah yeah like that but the fact that India has a different focus of attention from people in Athens and both had a different focus of attention from people in Jerusalem and Riches of the world hmm I think I'm a pluralist more radically John hick was also in Claremont and he was one of the people who emphasized many people climbing different paths up to say Mountain I have been in close contact and discussion with that up option but I just did not find it I didn't find it really pluralistic it was attempting to do away with the deeper diversities mmm yeah actually that was the way I found process philosophy and theology was at some point I had picked up the book that David Ray Griffin had edited deep religious pluralism Uh-huh, and I was trying to read it having zero idea what was going on with the process that and slowly piecing it together and being really intrigued by it. And so yeah, it's kind of a random random entry point. But one of those same says has been helpful to me is a paragraph in Whitehead in which she said speaks of what I'm I translated as 3 ultimates. creativity is the ultimate he uses the language ultimate with respect her creativity and that plays the role that being itself plays in Thomas that dharmakaya plays in Buddhism that Brahman plays it's the ultimate everything that is is an instance of creativity but for him there is also the world and creativity cannot exist without the world well cannot exist without creativity but the world is not creativity and creativity is not the world and then there is one particular actual entity that is essential for the world for creativity to operate and for the world of come into being and that is God so I think there are and then if we examine the religious movements of the world we find that some of them Focus their attention on creativity some of them Focus their attention on God some Focus their attention Turn on the world and if these are if these are the three basic objects of devotion each can learn from what what those that are devoted to a different ultimate all are positive. This is being devoted to creativity is wonderful. But if it if we try to abstract creativity from the world is Not so wonderful. I mean, I think that I think it's extremely important that we not leave the world out of our spiritual devotion, they practice and I think that if we devote ourselves to God we get a a way of getting a direction that guides us in our relationship to the world. Hmm. I don't think focusing on Activity can give us a direction because everything is equally and it's of creativity. Mmm. So, I'm all three are important and the Christian tradition. We emphasize God and the world and I think we can learn a lot from those who emphasize creativity. It's great. Alright, my last question. I'd love to know maybe the way that you most regularly seek out or encounter. T in your life. Well, I would say that there are many people who do a better job in that respect. But I if I go back to my childhood, I think that special feeling I had about that place. We spent six weeks in the summer time had a lot to do with beauty and of course to speak of the beauty of experience of beauty of character. is much much more comfortable with that then with goodness when it is turns into legal you know moral being being moral is a problem for me I think that love this is a beauty and love and it seeks beauty in all things and morality what it separated for love is easily become self righteousness o legalism or you know something there yeah and I mean it's important to me but I don't claim to have given a lot of time to it I think that's interesting that idea of goodness being separated from Love is when it it loses relationality it loses interconnectedness well when people are extremely concerned for their own righteousness I don't think They make a great contribution to the people. They come in contact with yeah. Thank you very much John. It was a pleasure talking to you. Thank you for you giving me the opportunity. Hey everybody, if you enjoyed hearing from dr. Cobb, I highly encourage you to check out the upcoming class where he's going to be teaching through you're going to be reading through process and reality whiteheads Masterpiece on process philosophy. It's going to be awesome trip Fuller is involved who have had on the show before and they'll be doing discussions afterwards. It's pay as you as much as you can or want to the classes run from March 17th to 18th. 24th it's going to be awesome. I want to be in their checking it out and hopefully I'll see you there. So check out the show notes, and we'll see you next week. If you have a moment today, it would help a ton. If you could leave us a review on Apple podcast and share this episode with a friend. Be sure to follow the podcast on Twitter and Instagram at carry the fire pod. I want to thank my producer Andy Lara and all of our executive producers Adam Collins Amy Armstrong and Rudy has Brianna web Brian wise Becker Cameron Lane Colin Hawthorne Denise agita, David Cobb Drew para, Eric Gonzalez Gabe Muniz. very jokey I'm Suburban honey Jeremy Robinson Jess card John Buchan John Diego John angle Jonathan Clark Jordan Goodman Jordan Everly Joshua melara Kyle star Lucas Leiva Luis Rivera lose Enriquez Marco Padilla Mark Francis Mark Weiss Matt Fuchs Matthew Alcon Michael Maitland Miguel peanut bra Nathaniel Bailey Ronald burka Ryan Cornelius Samantha Simmons Sheldon why admire Stephen Saucier Susanna Coleman Ted Riser Tiffany pain Timothy doing Jean and William Goldman's thank you all so much for carrying the fire with me and I'll see you next time