Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming. Yeah, I mean, I'm not cool. If I see that there's an error or weakness. I'm not going to wait till New Year's or whatever. I'm going to do it. Now. I'm going to really partner that night you got make sense. So yeah, but at the same time I'll be rude um with the Nia come in what came to mind is thinking. Oh, yeah, I'm Michael since he's 2020 now some things have to change but I don't like how I feel like some people that I could when I hate 2020, that's when I'm gone change this. I don't know if yeah. Yeah, obviously file first of all, thank God will allow victims. And of course more time we've opened in tumnus and I laugh like also found the story bro from we both indeterminate so I spend a lot more time and it mounting probably Farm where they are from me at sometimes Reckless borrowing even live from that farm that to come to be mature. Now. I'm grateful that to realize is that was doing before was wrong that car. Obviously. I feel like there's still some people are about age now where there is that they're doing they don't even see it as get wrongful like that. That's their life literally their lifestyle. That's what they see as life being life. It's something just thinking bro, but cool 2020. So what do you what's the free things you say when I focus on to that well for me is easy to say yeah More Money More dismal. That's too cliche line. Let's get the let me do something different. Something that's gonna be the foundation for my life. What's rather than just say more money more dismal that so but someone might have one of our Targets this year is just actually focus on my education and I know that's very simple not quite as much but obviously I started uni first year. I'll be rude the first three months of Union. I was not taking it seriously or what lack I was getting good grades are getting that first two to one and stuff like that. Yeah, but in terms of my effort, I don't believe I put the effort in like words and obviously I do like conscious or Vania for those who don't know what it is that makes The architecture was not enough mathematical side in it. And one of them subject to have to actually focus on for me education and also more money, of course, but like get a job just focus on stuff that I think's going to benefit me and Ben from my life and I want to kind of sharp social media like what not be so indulge in social media because I feel like we're young is so social media is quite distracting always going to be there's always gonna be there but is that one state and also I was said at the same time to myself it's not saying Yes, it was saying do something later. Oh, yeah, I'm gonna do this later. I said I think we should get rid of the attitude that yeah, let me do this later just do just get up and do it now because personally from certain speaking from experience like when I say what I say, I'm gonna do something later lack, of course where for example a I'll just rest for 5 minutes on even do that later, but they're not black and I never do that the things I'll end up staying like two nights before just banging it out loud from Evil. Just recently brought literally from just before the holidays for Christmas here from Day, I got word from like early late October. Sorry is that altogether? Like 6K words? I'm like, oh, yeah, I'll get done XL and x amount of days. Let me just show for not deserve my rest. That's that's what I liked about the way I deserve it. She's cool five days on my rest. Let me go into Grandmas Gone good party, whatever. Boom not five days on my ride 10 days left, so I still got six keywords to do on my day in so cool. Oh finally imagine you have for me saying I'll do it later. It got to like eight days. I still have six keywords to do. I was being sloppy my room. I was in a lab you fly over 24 hours from planning the work Franco. Those you a great part in that but from that mentality for even you're like my mentality was so crooked at one point near imagine. Yeah, so I decided to do the next day. I'm like, no I found this on that deep it will have to do is write a paragraph last. So basically I think the Practical side of it and I just have to write a paragraph and some at night is when I do. Construction the night. Mmm. My boy takes me like yo is a free entry Club blah blah all these gonna happen about it or worse it. I went clubbing that night. Yeah, and I'm thinking is in the coffee can or you may know you're not gonna lie about the timeline prophecy and cool. I'm not getting laid tonight. I was drunk words and Lord knows I took a go home that night here and it is with God saved me that night cause I woke up at 3:00 a.m. From words. I'll put a cream that night. Yeah. Sam told me I need to do. Something you still don't know cap here and my laptop just turned on by itself. I swear I swear down bro, but if it's just turned on okay, this is a sign from God. Well, is she gonna go sleep in? again visit I'm gonna succeed. I'm not gonna get my goals done. So Hundred percent for me personally, I want to just get that procrastination attitude out my mind as procrastination is the evil spirit from is a double divorced because you're supposed to do something. That's not until you tell me. He said you're going to do later. You're not going to do later that we all know. So that's my main goes well, but you also free is it requires like what you said education like Thoreau focus is needed. But because I know me and I personally I come to lay back at times in it. But when I do put my focus on I'm going a full-out hard. So I'll say education hundred percent comes from mine's not just in you need just to be in Union. I'm not here just for the high black. I've got a family to feed at some point in my life. I'm even now and I'm saying but that's not a job. But other than education I would say I would say discipline from the sound the same to everyone not just use discipline not even just of Education require control myself in certain environments or you know when I see Some things I need to learn how to control must leave alone. I need to just pack a mass of like yo Michael don't do that part on yourself or clean shit. I know I mean like really pattern and also covid and discipline. I will say hmm. I don't even know discipline. I can ask them. Like, I think that's really cute. Like I don't know what you said. Yeah. It's like growing up here. One thing that I've actually learned is that At the end of the day you are living for yourself. You're not living for others, like people who live for others don't succeed in line. I've got one. I've actually got one last one. So yeah, yeah people live for others here don't succeed in life. Like you don't even that person yet that failure old are your boys are going out you're going out with them like sometimes you just gotta focus on your sole focus on your goals that end of the day is your life is not theirs, you know, I mean and for me, yeah, that's brutal. But my last one first day I was a big mansion Le and like My nipples and everything goes from I'm not giving a fuck about anyone not under any way. I don't care. I don't love anyone but based on anyone's perception on what I'm doing how I'm doing. I don't care no more. Like I generally don't give a fuck broke down my life. You see me eating cereal in the street. It's 5 p.m. That's that's life. You got me like it's don't care no more because I don't like leaving just based on that successful just smooth smooth things that are Pencil dick. I mean I mean Sorry, I don't mean I don't know 17 nigga. Well, yeah, I but yeah like more time. I agree with that like don't give a fuck about what people think about you that end of the day. You're going to make mistakes in life. You're gonna fuck up. You're going to do dumb shit. That's that's the part of life. That's a part of growing up in the is treatments you but I really don't care like don't care about anyone that no don't kill anyone but me based on like what you questioning me that all this what you did or what I don't care no more cry end of the day like, But even of a day felt like I was talking to again as I said before twin turn and my boy known about this year like literally New Year's Day. I mean New Year's Eve surgery had a black Fame in the combo myself literally just walking down the road last week and I was deep in everything like lychee with when I when you graduate getting a gradual drop all of that stuff last finger know like all the stuff that comes with that everything like I don't like what I want to achieve. I don't like I can't be caring about People at yourselves useful when you do that inhibits you from moving forward and really striving and flipping on what you couldn't succeed a man like big mounting. So I'll say that broth but from like that what you mentioned are like it has to get done but I've been on themselves because they have to implement that cuz it's not it's are we going backwards store big mounting from but I know the song I'm not judging anyone, but I just don't like how see on Susan it to time until there's a lot better. And people just be saying I don't like even like it when people peace putting up their goals and died on to talk to me. It doesn't make sense. I mean, you know, what know what I understand why people might do that for me personally. I feel like I should own it. If you want to share your dream of the world you're confident to do that. Let's go for me personally like of someone I'd ruin it or is it? Yeah, of course. Everyone has MyLink is give it a thre. That's my name is more time. You're like my purse always told me that people the power of the tongue unit people actually bad. Did luck mmm, there's some people here that even on your phone even some of your friends that you won't even know that this person is plotting against you but maybe I'm paranoid you must have problems for this unit. I feel like to some people if I put my dream to the world you I feel like someone can just say something like, oh, let's have to only be a professional footballer. I'm sure yeah one day so I'm gonna say sayonara fuck this is got been a professional football long. Yeah, and that person could have the part of Tom could have bad mind and you don't want that people to see your dream don't people like that in your life, you know, it's true. So I feel like there's some stuff that you need to do actually. You keep between yourself and see gradually. Yes, one day I'm doing this step two step three is exactly like I said of broadcasting it to the world and then do it for me really plain and simple, but I'm Brent paint pancake. I'm also considered man literally like I feel like no one gives a fuck like if I was to see someone sit yo, I'm gonna do this ten years. I don't care like me personally. I just said I don't give a fuck. I don't care. Why are you treating this like you to fuck is a fuck man? Yeah, but so probably cares about the door. You told them in person and he told him I what's up. Why are you between it's the whole world. We have 500 followers away. But apparently that's what I don't like. It doesn't make sense. Like Michael. I may be here and they'll treat like or your laptop disk or whatever, but you never be a team. Where's my tears? I must be having a car's not serious because it is that's an accomplishment would have that but it's not serious based on like to me anyway, it's not serious as you know me achieving other types of success like my first night with in the Corral and I mean, I don't think Eric. Call you dr. Burke where to get one you got me. So yeah, so I mean leaving that main light you can just check a short can't murder nice car bomb at me. That's why I'm saying from so laughs. I don't don't don't like it. But that's the so, you know socials in general man is just done out here bro big months from now. He said I didn't even me. I need to exit social because most are from me only by lie now. I hope you bro. That was me. I'm trying to be a good Christian in it. But when this amazing Megan the stallion technibond welcome, let's check the bomb bomb all day up on timeline, you know, I've learned a lot. So going to UNI obviously poof. Let's go there babe. Let's go that's good. Obviously, I've come from exactly. I got PMS or what's on the Gap here, and I don't know little indication on the Gap Ian and so obviously all my friends on, you know already, so I'm average she worked on myself for that whole year. Yeah, I'm not going to parties that year not done. Nothing. No social things. I'm going to UNI I've been on to this is me from going to church every Sunday and work myself to Gaggia. I'm going to UNI is like I just wanted to double dip with Wonderland like no problems killing you need the devil's Wonder because it because it's like the things I said I'll never do before. Yeah, I've done bunny and uni, like I said to myself I'll Never Smoke Weed and Union lets you remember the soul that literally I went out with some boy is my corset as I Cool. Do you know what your name is? Let me smoke will be allowed in that most times my words that you want some beer and decided instead of telling me now. I'm cool. But just just the influence of it. She's just made me smoking even here. Hey, I want to know I want a date with a go. Should I are cool. I'm gonna I'm gonna go back to my to get weed in it. You want a smoke? How's that now? I've never smoked before what? Yeah, he told me before you knew it. I was just I was smoking like I'm a professional you think I'm just thinking like it is is this really me like I don't want that. Maybe I'm thinking too deep into I live like when you've got all that around just thinking I don't want that to be me and it like that's something we're going to do a I'm not saying there's nothing wrong with smoking weed and drinking that I feel are taking this step also wrong. I don't think so. If you're doing a moderation in it family fun. I don't think I don't see anything wrong with what if you like is wrong slows you down bro. So it's like a progress. Yes. Anyone it slows you down. I've seen it. I've seen it give me an example. Like what I've seen people it's a names and just giving us For when you're like literally when you are high, you cannot function hundred percent fully you cannot do an exact you I don't believe I don't think I mean no one would ever somebody has but no I don't think you can now go and smoke and then do the best you possibly could have after smoking compared to you doing the exam without you smoking like I hundred somebody that so I feel like it definitely does hinder you in various languages. I'm saying for recreational purposes because from Angelo reading General unto my just taking it period about I don't really plan off. That's B, that's just how it is but caring for that. Yeah, I was saying that in uni, when I for the first three months here, I was just doing shit like that. I don't think I'll ever do in my life just like almost I feel like there's a part of me finding myself finding who I am. Like I'm more time. I found out what I don't like what I like. So that's that's one of things for me when I go back to you in the new year, and I'm first year, so it's not that deep anyway, because you passed most people pass anyway about I want Don't forget that I'm gonna get my mentality like cool. I mean first she let me use this opportunity to get into good habits. Then user habits habits. I slap your head butt fuck off me take your time. Let me use opportunity to get into good habits and Jack and Carey and go on the bad habits. I used to do for example procrastination. Yeah. Yeah, just sit like that. So just trying to nurture my body much not sure my mind. The mind is a powerful tool because your thoughts what you see and what you think is what you do in it, obviously, if you know, I means that from the moment the brain is a very powerful tool exactly. So I want to put myself into that mindset. Yes. I'm gonna do this. I want to do that so that when I'm in second year in 2021, I'll be doing things anywhere without people telling me you need to do this for something, you know about them. Yeah teachers are telling you You need to revise. So now when I go into twenty twenty one or Twenty twenty now, I'll be doing I'll be getting ahead of my assignments like doing more when I'm in my job role whatever like that's that's for me in it about you have the first three months the union going to say, but for me, I would all I've had my ups and downs from car like for me at first is like, you know, just before I came like yeah, and if I get any work comes what? Whatever boom gonna pop start it straight away. Nothing stopping me. But then when I was on that Vibe, I wasn't thinking about, you know, all the Temptations the party and the females the, you know games not swerve. You could all that stuff of stuff in it. So boom constantly getting cool so I can that boom the economy getting closer from one of my first piece of assignments. Yeah. Literally Boomer remembers didn't work all close all calm than flipping. What's this thing called again in Leicester that we went no Behavior and the Behavior new Behavior came a few days before my deadline. Imagine. I still have a bit left. That's not the good amount to do but it was still possible for me to get it done often a bit. I'm not cool. Let me go and I'll behave I went there even got lots of but I'm not going to talk about on that. We've got locked up in there. Boom bam. Go back to didn't have that much time left. So I was tired in it coming back from less than now like went to bed at what time free and whatever I wake up bummed when you have that much time. The last scrambling to get this word pattern that got a pound of the end of the day like after a few mishaps that happened to coaster but a good part of the day, but from from that I was thinking I need to pattern fund and I got another piece of work again same kind of the same thing happened. I just part, you know, just other things distracting me but like from that happening, but I knew the discipline thing, that's what I knew about the disciplines in right now to take this serious like no joke, but I'll be only Now you need overall for me for the first semester. I would say boy. It's been an experience from of course with his gets boring at times only rely on that for me can get better at talking about family. It's been an experience you get to live other than getting to know new people. You really get to see how you are with different situations called you have freedom. No, it's not. Oh your mom is saying oh, yeah, come back twelve twelve o'clock. No is nigga. You can come for am wherever you wake up or not. That's your own decision boy, like literally from like literally Times where there's tell you I'll come back home 5 a.m. Or something or even probably came out the next day like within the next day like I've been out for over 24 hours not in another city or something that's doing dumbness in it. But that's all I'm saying the discipline thing that's vital for me, but I would say overall first year. It's been it's been my don't like you but definitely at the same time, I won't say you need what I envisioned it to be before I actually got there. I'll be rude. I thought was gonna be wild every day doing just my life. You know what though? I feel like that's the cause you is you as a person even though I mean like, how's your accommodation accommodation see my comment because my accommodation shits for us. That's why I'm not going to mention the name but some some people. Yeah, she is probably a wild everyday like probably some people are going to party everybody's everyday accommodations and why am I? Yeah from late every day like from a PC in should I be? In on Twitter in accommodation that several minutes away from me. I'm thinking what a block lat. Why am I seeing this on Twitter? But I'm not even yeah, I'm leaving there but you go to my comedy so I'm not gonna save my mom addiction but my accommodation boy, oh boy. Oh boy. It's not it at all families from its peak - I'm gonna say birth. But with you, maybe that's not so good ones. No, but it's good. I feel like obviously for me having that brings allows me to have a focus and careful about to be alive accommodations. Oh, oh. Wow. This whole year point. I would be like brushwork. I'm just having fun. I'm afraid to my immediate her boom. I'm going to just be free mummy and gonna say shit to a nigga. She no shit now, I mean, but I can't so I would say that probably mounting from life and it's not a joke from like from uni itself from people listening if you are young or whatever listening here just know I would say just no wha gwaan light with what you want like on this Unity because it's not dirt farm. I don't even like for me there's been times where I've how deep deep deep deep deep false prophet life like shy you've gone so I just come to work or something. It's like that not me and I got that comes to mind cuz I just feel like the work can get to you don't plan ahead yet the work and get you that and then there's the females as well like if you know or if you're female the Mel's is real man, and the lot of pressures as well. I won't lie that. I won't lie. I'll be real me. I'm not someone that Where's like cool even about the money? I'm not gonna oh, yeah, let me get this does that this design or whatever but from where I'm at? Yeah, if you could it won't I don't know about you your money. Yeah people with my uni everywhere you go kind of the goose is he's like School attire CGV don't see a nigga and CG must come from the gutter. That's how it looks like. I'm not saying it affects me. Is one of them was annoyed me because I'm like bro. I know you're broke. I know you're broke from because I know first I let you first time. I know you're broke. I know what one. I know you not eating properly. You're not eating well board, but you have CG that's 1K or eight eight bills or whatever come on pattern rough, but obviously, I'm still covid CGI basiji, but get your priorities straight - that's what I was told by one. If you can't lie to you don't spend your student finance peon Flippin. CG, please. Love yourself. Love your belly. Don't let your belly be going around. It's not fair man. But I'll just say don't let the like for anyone that's my union. However, just the precious. Don't let it get you from being Lansing from because it's it's not what it doesn't make it just doesn't make sense and then his day cuz from once that seiji's out of fashion or oh my God Fashion Story Once after a while it just another piece of guns in it. It's used like literally burnt like Song safe from the street, but it's not a dope Farm but from but call we're about to go to UNI student. So obviously we're not going yet in that my girls you like next week whatever. So I'm going to the Christmas holidays how we spend the how's it been for you? Because women could store and I see family. Well, I got one question for you. Here we go fast when y'all got a question for you. Guess what about those in it? All right, cool. So in uni, what's your perspective on females in it? Like cause I've had I feel like I've had my experiences in females in it. Because I feel like I'm about to talk about this to my boy. I'm if I were to be my boy says like everyone not every flat most of you most want attention from boys male attention to what would you say? That's correct because I'm right through as I was saying like it's been very weird like like and you know, like just going to just go from a place by being by yourself and then going into a room full of females female attention. I think was actually give you that tension you say that would you say that positively or negatively what FEMA has given me a lot of attention because I feel like To say that I've seen guys. Yeah in my uniform among the names but they've taken that attention like in a negative the what they've done with it is negative. If you know what I mean, like there's a lot been having bad sex been doing nonsense like so what would you say you don't because I feel like people don't was just looks fucking liar. But what about that? What like I'm not taking it Taking it out. I'll be taking it from going from a place with black obviously. Could we We probably should Gap isn't it wonderful place of black you just doing you just doing everything you just step in straight into that party environment. Yeah, I would say from like the tension Ting now obviously in uni is down type of anyone whether you're male or female car. Well, we got the end of the day like you were saying the same PC people every day at some point. Someone's gonna go to your whatever like how I see is like this if you want to come to Delhi come to the daddy have some fun. Hey, but what is one of them was? I don't take it negative or positive because as I said before when I come to Daddy Daddy come to the daddy now I'm saying but I take it on a neutral thinking that car that literally is as I said, it's bound to happen that is going to happen. And I expect it like had you know a few times were, you know, I've been moved to you and that that Yeah slightly. I've been Mutual whatever and it's expected in it. But that's how it is fun. But when I don't want this, it's like yeah, that's just how easy and it doesn't even know more me anything like that. No, not even sorry, but it's like nah, I'm leaving foot like that's time that's time for was a time and a cut of the money likes for can't like that from what I've seen of girls. You need are not really sir. I'm not saying it's more of they just want to do other things that's not you know pertaining to them or what I've seen for you see if any of them say of course more girls about the console girls are beautiful and have the headset straight and I mean but cool. But what about you with that question different from working for back and we would listen to know everything I gonna do no, no, no - will question you just throw how I took done. Yeah attention for me is like I don't know like for me is laughs growing up in in a place where I've talked to girls and I'm not even confident when I go to parties. I'm a confident person in it. So for me, I'll just move it like when I got tension exactly how fraud detection back at them. But in terms of those cases where like that obviously I don't even become an engineer. Obviously you have like I've gone crazy and like those kind of new to me the question is that some people don't some people just wanting I cool. Yeah. I want to comment on that. Yeah goes up to me, but Is that found it wears out? Because I'm thinking in my head that way isn't this supposed to be the other way around that I'm like, you know what when a society where you know, everyone can just shoot that shot. But for me it just positive it or not. I'm here for that energy at me on for back out used since it from the start without that I've heard that even before, you know online on the gusting book girls have been moved to before in that line it is that Society isn't it like literally from but yeah, but in Union, of course, could you hold the whole notion that I'm on them my skin is you like that? So that one I gave you. Bob from I feel like wait so cool with everything you need now. Yeah, would you say cool would you okay when you get into a relationship and Union you need personally. It really depends for me. I feel like you need to form relationships for me. I feel like you need to be friends with that person like you to throw the foundational Rock. That's the same general don't you go in life because of you being in you for me being united with the focus on is needed. It and I feel like if they go was on if you have Good Vibes and if I fall I just go can help me actually push forward in my education. Let's say for example, if she if I was focusing on my education, she was focused as she gently had the same values to me then yeah, why not? I won't hold myself back. It just say oh because because I'm doing this and you're doing that know if is if it's all natural than why not but on the other hand if it's like them once they're wet is built on something that I feel like is not natural and no I won't do it. Oh, what about you? I feel like if it's the right person the right person and it from but same times like it's like when you're stepping into relation, you have to like also you could ever be ready for the consequences in it. Well the girl cheating or whatever, but you do have to prepare your you have to try and prepare yourself with that. I don't think so not let me finish you're not even a solution car. Obviously Apple II you do because if not you could declining you. Education because of that because a lot of people when their relationship and it goes to fill that that hinders the education of all times that sounds like if you do want to do well in school. I feel like you do have to prepare for is like that because that can definitely affect you because that was your lover body at some point now, she's flipping challenge, even though we're like getting your clothes on but the reason why I don't agree with that because no one goes into a relationship, but get a better break up. I feel like he should all I feel like me it's like covid is like like found for me personally if I'm in a relationship or go. Yeah, I'm obviously there's gonna be ups and downs, but I don't go in and into a relationship expecting it to break up. I know it's not expecting them. No different between blueberry expecting her in a different light is one of the ones I see is like this in life in general. So like sorry to cut you out of your mind. Come on. You don't know my background. I feel like you can color be checked not even a Salesman. He'll be chasing anyone with a brain like that to some degree. You can kind of talk that goes a whole not man to some degree. You can like even on our social media like like there's probably a going to hold order though. Let's see what it's like, for example, this one of them says to me get my mom asked me the other day. Like do you want a girl? Who is every man's girl? Would you want to give us for you? Like, for example, I'm not saying this is a host Behavior, but Like if you have a goal in your life as I'm looking for gold and she kind of thought stuff on us not for story time just for that female to that male attention and kind of know maybe like show nobody throwing herself. I'm looking as bad in it like you do you in it, but for me, I would want to go that one to me. I was gonna go that doesn't want that man attention that she wants me. I'm not saying don't have no friends that you can you can do you cannot feel my friends, but you want me I'm cuz you know for my personality for my trace and things like that, so that's what I would say. Well, so to you then my her to me. So that's for the whole team nigga got something to say that but I will see you in word, like literally that what you're saying. Like if you're wanting like that is how I see it. Like for example what you just said basically use Snapchat, you're posting videos or pictures showing a bit of cleavage and even your main story and it's a regular thing for my opinion. I'm not gonna say your whole but you definitely have one of the components that make you Put you into that next your internet's like he's a whole bit not mean like definitely that's all I'll say but at the same time. Like about this is just normal people not only for that do more than that. Yeah, there's some girls that do that but that's how they live just a job, but I still have started me the money then why was it to my girls even so one of our podcast listening to yeah, but I saw on Instagram, what's his name again getting the kids then you heard of India? My mom was talking about how some females they'll be posted on social media that no more females. Don't know. I don't know. But females are not making a profit out of this financially, they'll be posting images or videos of them half-naked. Like you're not getting P like why are you doing this? Like I don't mean it. Does that make sense? So clearly you want it lasts for many for me is like tension. So I feel like Limitless yo, bitch I said that also I'm like, let's have talked to a gurney like, yeah select the more I talk to someone the more you indulge with them obviously like the more you me of them before you actually look into them like so I feel like if Like do I think is like this if I want or do I want my daughter to be posting shit like that? No, I don't hell. No, but that's just a that's a different. Ballgame be yeah, but like it's not really a different ball game because like if would you got was so cuz if you have a good afternoon that I told you it because it's kind of like it's not bringing your money. She has a problem. She told me she has a problem. Maybe she won't even know about it. But in some way your traits of your parents, I feel like it depends is okay if this is that person That acts the way he asked if she stays the same even when she has a kid, obviously because the dog was only going to know what the mother knows if I know I disagree with you still at the cpv because it's not just a mother that will raise that kids. There's still other people at the steps. I've seen a lot I've seen it like on this is gonna sound stupid but like on like Medium television for example in it where they parked their mom be like a stripper or something. Strippers aren't holes. I'm not saying that though. Yeah, it's not just in case I don't know why I don't finish this girl to like I'm definitely not going to be like, that's not me. So I feel like it's just depends on What what surroundings are, you know around the daughter other than just a month is not just a moment, but plain simple period I don't want a go you belong to the street LA or not girls as for the streets man, you know, I'd end of the day for demanding that looking for ladies for the cooking for the golden looking for man from Adam Lang and then what someone for unit trust me I'm trying to my boy David day. My mom was telling me he's busy is 41. Whatever like what level would you say is it you just been focused on yourself or one Indigo or trying to someone or what? Like what is it for you right now? I feel like I'm some person I'm always I always say like I'm trying to someone and I right. No, I mean I watch me so you won't what headspace not even use as a person that was a mental state right now based on, you know, like you want a relationship. You don't want to listen to another school because yourself or is it just when you're just flinging about that way is your head speed is not working. I feel like like right now it's like I'm trying to someone and it goes on wanted to go somewhere right now. I'm working. I'm working on myself. I feel like I need to I need to work on myself. Not only financially but mentally because I feel like if I get a girl maybe right now that might Slow Me Down in it reckon. Yeah in terms of like my my power isn't like I don't want that slow me down. Like if I get going now he is like do I really need to go now to build some girls? They really iron sharpens iron that that's all But that something to say that if it happens it happens, but I don't get it going on. I'm thinking oh shit. I've gotta go and I'm not doing my supposed to do. I've got a girl and I'm not fucking on medication. I'm not doing something right for you. Yeah, but I'm going to say that if it happens it happens, if you don't happen to know that's my head space for happens happens if nothing happens, but education comes first and money comes first not more time money money and money and Eddie that obviously I feel like when you're 20 and 90 minutes for like forever. One by the age of nine spy age of 20 you've experienced some sort of love in your life by females some type of obviously some people that haven't bought one day in God's name you find that if you thought that kind of like know that got feeling that that butterflies is they call in your stomach. So you were one that you know, I mean so I know some people do for me if I'm not gonna I'm not gonna handle myself if that happens happens. If you don't vote for me, obviously, I'll be hundred percent. Let me having a girl not right now, whatever. We have to focus. I don't even trust you. You need my whole life by Fredy like cause I planned ahead entirely both what I want in the future next three years from now next five years from now already looked ahead and I know already that with me like having it go even at this stage right now. That's not it's not bad. I feel like know that is he's even his birth mother is bad in his butt. But like I don't mind that like happening and I literally means one of those are like she has to understand that not a grinder like - go ahead just to be her mom's not here just to you know do relationship go like this. I just rules for the snap this time. I'm really had to make an impact myself and for others in it. So just one night. As I said, I am shocked as I am Ian has to be done is not just like Rihanna Tony and I am sorry. IMDb that's what it is for me proof.