Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro.To one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade one. Stand Down in the 1st of February with this horse first grade one in can easily follow up with another grade one here at the festival. When a cracking race at day after Lorena. Unfortunately flocked. You're going to crack in race 1 by 3 lengths between midnight Shadow wasn't particularly the strongest grade one Affair. But neither is this race to be honest. There's no reason why you can't go down go ahead and get another great one for all Emer fin his team have initially and I'm sure we'll be riding the horse. So he's probably the safest bet to go. The if I was going to pick something each way, I'd probably go with Tom George's black up isn't great for Miss year since go and Chase and when his first choice start in a novice at Stratford and then come second behind champ at Newbury only just come second by two lengths to Champ at Newbury and then come second Again by a length behind Slater house at Kempton on Tuesday that on boxing day. So he hasn't been seen since then, so it's going to be fresh and Tom George. I'm sure was primed and specifically for this race. So I can I can see black op running a big race as well. You look like a it was a good hurdler as well come in second and winning a couple of good races in his hurdling days, but now he's gone Chase and he's probably look better than ever and for me for me as I want to be probably the save is better to go for as well because it's a grade one winner. No, sorry, if your feet swell be the best bet to go because he's the grade one went up. I was going to go each way every black up at 14 s next up we have got the End of a grade one and give me some prices While Blue tarde. It's 9:00 to 4:00 for Henry the bromhead what minute freeze or only Mullins throw Don's at 6 to 1 for Paula Cole's Riders on the Storm 8 to 1 4 knowledge or twisting Davis and then we've got political organ. They're saying Kyle with our say-so judicial Nira Dynamite dollars. Gennyca. We'll still I don't know if they're all going majority. Then probably not going. There's probably gonna be between the I would say the top four in the market through time in fraud on a Riding the Storm. I'm going to go with last year's winner throw down for me is going to be my pick at 6 to 1 again is another horse of a place in my heart. So I'm going to I'm going to water my heart of in the head really, but I do think you can win it. You look better than ever winning last time in that grade to it came to getting wasn't the strongest grade to form honest, but he went very well leading from the front and jumping before any looked you look back to his best after. Disappointing start to the season but I've been I believe it did have ulcers quite severe case of ulcers so you can you can name off of that and his first start of the Season wasn't in his old ideal conditions as well because they took majority the fences out. So it's pretty much a flat race will be a lot better never last time I did and he won this race fantastically well last time out as well. And in that solutely loves child know he'll love the soft conditions and he'll jump for fun at the front and I no one will catch you but that he'll once he gets to the front of that hill and then there's no way Going to go past him. So I'm going with rode on again to win for me at 6 to 1 to get another grade one to his name cracking little horse. He's got a crooked partnership with Brandy Frost as well. So it's I think most of us are wanting to win because he's just a fantastic little game horse already. So I'm going to go throw down at six to one Riders on the Storm as well as interesting. If he goes, he's been backed up to eight to one off the elevens earlier on in the week great form this year. It wasn't particularly in great form. Last year, who was he with? I didn't say anyways been just been purchased by 720 by Nigel Kristin Davis this year and he's looking fantastic form go and Chase and Foreman when all three of us starts. It went on debut in a handicap class to anyone again another class to ask got beautiful Christmas in in the mud pretty much and then he won the that's what Chase last time out just answer no foul, but you wouldn't that very well actually look like the one from the get-go. It was saying traffic fluid my won that race, but now It was on the Storm was in command is probably worth a shout at eight to one as well. But my pick for the for the ryanair's going to be followed on at six to one. Next up. We've got the stairs. Probably one of most popular horses in training at the moment just for his story and how much she's improved formula valleys Paisley Park currently priced at 8:00 to 11:00. You've got better Jeter still in there 8 to 1, but I think Williams is now confirmed. She's pretty much go in. The mail route mayor's route some of the boy turns and the time at 12 bacardi's at 25 you got pain hidden there at 12:00 1:00. Pump as well apples J the 24 hours and this have got Oscar at 13. Three two, one in while Batman looks a bit. I can't see past Paisley Park and honest with you. I think he is probably the banker with a meeting but with the most certain to win at the meeting obviously won this last year and he you run an absolutely cracking - last year. Come on. I know where to stay on so wide and that's literally what it does stains stains is game really so I can't see past him in this race Paisley apart from these going to be the Winner, but if I was going to pick if I pick a horse each way to come behind posted Parker probably go with one great trick one at greater 6m. It's on he wouldn't last time out. You look like a real stay out in the mud that Hey Duck last time out. He didn't he didn't look fit enough for me and his first start to seize and he did come sick while last actually last other sick from the gray to at Cheltenham, but after that he wanted hey Doc in a gray to and he wouldn't buy by eight lengths. He looked very good. Very good that day. So if I'm gonna go for a horse a bigger price each way is 12 to 1 is anytime I'll go for him each way, but personally you can't be back in pairs of park at that price, but I can't see him get him beat. So what be able to put them in our Target roll or something like that. Yeah Paisley Park to win for me. But um, it's time to finish second at 12:00 to 1:00. I'll certainly each way back there and last race of the day for the first day is the man as novices hurdle grade 2. Currently got Manila Melody 11 to 4 Landmark East. I'm a key source of for Willie Mullins six-to-one Floresta eight to one double seater at 9:00 to 1:00 and I just wrote down from each other flyer don't know whether that's going or not at 14 to warn them not to Shore and then I've got down Emma's Joy at twenties as well again. Not sure it's the only way she's listed for going forward. So again, not sure she's going for that. My pick would be m is Joy. She just go for the race because she is a great to win a last time out at Warwick grinded it out to get always a line being the winning off seven to four favorite for done and Harry scouting bits and decent horses that day actually but she looked quite good as watching it like a decent horse in the making dance gowns in good form. It's got some good noise each way chances for this for the festival. So I'm going to go Embers George's County project 20s just drifted from 14, so I don't know where she's going or not. But if she doesn't go then there's gotta be the favorite for me Manila melody in cracking form this year since go and hurdle in she's a beat and actually over hurdles. She's a winner other National hunt flat race bumper race and a winner of a point to point as well. When a very well last time out by two lengths. So yeah, I'll go from banana manatee in the mayor's novices her door at 11:00 to 4:00. That's it. M is Joy doesn't go 22. Like I said, she has drifted a bit in the market. So what if she's going I'm not too sure but it BM is Joy 20 to 1 inch way. If not, then melomelody me Manila manage it Melody will be my pick. Jeff that's the last of the graded races on the first day. Hope you enjoyed just a quick one for me because the next one's probably gonna be a bit longer with the trial from the Gold Cup and stuff inbound. So, yes, they train for that connects. Good morning. It's Jake busted again back with my channel Festival selections we go into the last day now Gold Cup Day fourth day of the meeting on the Friday, which is a week today. So yeah, we're starting off with the eagerly and To pay to try and hurdle obviously has been a lot of talk about this on social media at the moment with a lot of Top Class horses going to battle. It's a grade 1 over 2 Mile obviously couldn't go in this soft. We've got solo is your tent to free or hundred and thirty favorite. We're going got Goshen at 72 all mankind at 9:00 to to Aspire Tower at 6 to 1 Sir Psycho 14 is a wave of the sea for teens and make pasta 16. So if cerebus at twenties and the larger past 33 law limiting 40 so on so forth. Just how does your favorite also be sitting in a couple of weeks ago at Kempton hosing up by 13 lengths very comfortable win indeed. I was just first run for Paul Nichols and for the for your eye, then we've got Goshen is and beaten over fences for Gary Moore. I think he's wouldn't won all three of his Races by some it's City Lights 68 lengths or something on them. Once he's baiting subsequent winners Here There and Everywhere. We've all mankind again who's in beating over fences and was a fairly decent horse on the flat and done Stones took him over and again, it's the same story of all mankind e he went on debut at Warwick by 37 lengths at a Canter be buttocks Hass in a graded race at Cheltenham grade to who has come out and since to win another to win a graded racism graded racing South and only weren't in a grade one juvenile hurdle. Last time I'll be in cerebus by nine links chepstow in the mud. They're Aspire Tower is another another horse that was on the flat decent flat horse. And I went to Henry to prom heads one is first two races. We by 13 next one debuted and 18 lengths next time out. And then file the last one with the last of the Dublin Festival in the grade one, which are way over the sea swept to the front and took and took the win. He wasn't looking to fall. He was one two three ODS on then he wasn't looking for that day, which leaves question marks in his jumping especially going to Cheltenham. He probably would have won that race. We definitely have a battle on his hands, but he would have won that race for sure and I'm going to bomb is in good order. So it's going to be between them for say the winner. Obviously. There's going to be a strong Pace. There's probably going to be a few runaways all mankind with his chute to the front Goshen might just standing behind and hopefully jump a bit. It's a bit more. I pick for this race company pricing on to to all mankind stance Carlson made it clear on Twitter that I do think this horse or win this race. He's got he's got chatting on forms what graded chart and form in soft going which has brought up a couple of winners since then, obviously, no, dinos one since then ask got a decent handicapper ask got we've got buttocks house for Garry Moore's one since then I even believe think Mick pastas once yet make pasta was once in sin at Ludlow. So the horse He's gotten behind him that day at charted on the graded race of all majority of them have one and the one decent races. I've seen them firsthand at Warwick as while on his heard all day be when it absolutely run away with it wasn't well, he wasn't while fancied that day for some reason he drifted a bit too far for to and but I did tweet at the time Dansk out of this County. We've got their sales of good hurt good horse and their hands their she did win my trust in the 40 lengths and obviously proved out next time out the child and the grated race and then probably his best performance was last time out in the grade one juvenile heard or chepstow in the mud. He absolutely pulled away. The thing is with him. He runs away with the race. He's put a dance Cowan's arms out all the way around he jumps for fun, but it's just when you when you think he's got nothing left coming up to the home straight. It's just quickens off even further and which is what I do not chepstow putting them pulling. The truck is arms are all around and in quickened off of the home straight to win by nine links again. So reverse and nor dinos inferred is one since then so for me, he's a horse to be quite a big price of them - I'm not too sure why he's not favorite. If you look in deep if you dive deep into its form is not the best form in there. He's beat some good horses in their own rights who have come out to win as well Goshen. I think Goshen where the main Danger from honest with you with a with a quicker pace and more horses in a field. I think it's jumping will improve but you've got To take that big chance and there's a big chance to take in a good race like this and then solo but he's won One race granted. He won that race very one and he did look very good. He's won One race for Paul Nichols 6to4. Favorite Kempton in a great was it was a greater? Yeah great to so I wouldn't be having I won't be having him as favorite. Don't get me wrong. He's a good he's a good horse is a horse. That looks very good. And I think Paul Nicole's in the team think a lot of them, so, Death will say but old man calling for me at nine two two is the winner of that race personally and it's come out that don't know how we scale on a said probably one of the best juveniles have had had the train so I look forward to seeing this race is probably the I'd say behind the champion chases the second race. I'm looking most forward to because we've got some very good types in here. But yes all mankind for me to win next up. We've got the Albert Bartlett grade novices hurdle. We've currently got Got your favorite at time how known to to Forfeit pubs monkfish eleven to Two For What in morning ladies Expedition? 6 2 1 4 Paul Nolan how we see any attends furo 12 reisender tally 12 to 1 Jenna deal for teens Williams as well and so on and so forth. I'm torn between two horses in this one, but I think I'm going to go price-wise for latest Expedition the porno land they are we Schrader is there is looked so good this And he's look such a improved horse this year for them. Great buddies. Yeah, she's got good form on bumpers. It come second in his first and his debut with the bumpers and he warned at nice eight-to-one a weren't in a big 20 Runner Maiden being an odds-on favorite accordingly. It's at day on his hurdling debut and it comes second in a gray free and I've answered Abracadabra us his good form and then when a gray to it now than beating and did a friend different the friends Nick. I can't pronounce it. Anyway, after a great ride for Barry Cooper then a gray to and since then he's come out. I think he won at the Dublin Festival in there the first race of the Dublin Festival in the grade 1 1 by 2 lengths beaten some good horses, like on house poet cobblers way Fury Road, etc. Etc. So for my pick for that race is the latest Expedition fantastic for Miss year. Looks like he's on the rise of Paul Nolan only certainly a horse to keep an eye on keeping on going into the race price-wise. Still one is quite a big price. See ya later Expedition is my pick of the race. You obviously got time. He'll fit hubs. I'm sure Richard Johnson be riding in that day. Probably the best best chance of a win, which it's got. No no two rivers at the Gold Cup. Great again. Another horse is in great form you would I bump it Worcester then you can second bar Master Debonair it shouting I'm going to bumper and then you can further behind blue sari and on violin at the champion bumper last year a big price of 20 to 1. So been another issue actually you'd be Fiddler on the Roof gray to Persian War novices heard or what chip Stone and then he won another grade to buy more novices hurdle at Cheltenham by three lengths which is champagne while and then you want to grade one Shannon obvious is hurdle 46 odds on Newbury just after Christmas who's got the by far the best form the race, obviously, all three of his wins. This year. Come great have been graded wins over hurdles as first season over hurdles and all three of us. Runs a bin a bin a bin great erasers, which is one. So he's probably the horse of beat for me 9 to 2, but it's a fairly short price and I'm going to go for latest Expedition at six to one to cause another upset because again, it's a no it's a nice little race to look forward to actually this one would be good to see I'll time he'll get sign and and if latest Expedition is improved since its last run with some other good horses in there like Ray's murder tally for David pipe. So yeah, that's the that's the other pilot for me next up. We've got again another while I'm probably the most talked about race. It's obviously the feature of the meat and it's the chart and Gold Cup with current joint favorites of Santini at four to one album photo for two one Delta work six to one Lost in Translation is 13 to 2 kinda zobo 15 to 2 Kevin point nine two one presenting Percy 11 to one and one only 25. Two one so on so forth. You got Bristol to my 16s and there as well Chris his dream. So on so forth. We'll start with last year's winner album photo. You had a fantastic preparan. Obviously last last one of the year last one of the Season he come behind kemboi in the projectile Gold Cup, but he's had he's had one running a grade 3 New Year's Day Chase, which he won by 6 lengths between shattered love. So he's out. He's going to be fresh ready to go. So for this for his defense of his of his Gold Cup is a young horse. I believe is our disease here and he's only an eight-year-old just like some tuning so as a young horse and a young horse is probably going to be going places with pull town and as well, you could have a good Festival on board. I'm sure but my pick of the race controversial one really a lot of people don't really fancy and for the race or majority of people don't fancy for the race, but I'm going with Santini. It looks like a Gold Cup horse in the making for me doesn't it doesn't mean his His flashy know what done by and by no means he wins races flashing. We saw that on his first run 10 for November, but had a bit of a break couple of months since then and then in January when the Cotswolds Chase it depend of a you had a bit of a mistake at the last but he did stay on wire to assert and I'm wet and we're not the chant. I'm heading win. You went to cracking raise such a time last year finishing second in the RSA be on top of the game in Fortune out for the season, but I think Documentary, he doesn't do anything flashy. He doesn't want his races flashy. But he's a he's got all the ingredients of a Gold Cup winner. You can jump you can stay and it will mourn like the conditions and the lights child mm. It's finished second and first child them and I think you've wanted 2018 there as well as a novice hurdle. He did. Yeah and the grating I was tutored also two wins and one place two wins and two places. Sorry a child and also you can tell you kind of good but at that, but he's definitely my The festival controversial and I forward to one is a short price. But if I was going to pick a horse to win it who looks like a sailor in the making saying Chase in the making it will be Santini is quick mention declined his oboe. Paula Cole says you look he's looked better than ever this year and he's got a fantastic chance going into the Gold Cup after his father was King George romp on boxing day. Looking forward to see how he goes and then obviously we got the other end of the other end of the scale Lost in Translation. You did flop At the at the King George is a bit in this year of offend these and be an issue of offenses. He looks like a chaser in the making a good stay in Chase on the Makin. You just got a you just got to have question marks question marks about about his last one at Kempton really so it'd be interesting to see how he gets on one surprise me if he wins because like I mentioned he looks like a staying Chase in the making so yeah for me it's going to be Santini for to 1K favor of album photo. I think I'll be in photos got a lot on his on his plate this year. And we've also got kemboi and presenting Percy for Island as well. You could you could you could win the race easily to be honest, but Santini's my pick something is my pick of the day. I will also be doing so that's day day for the last day just the three main graded races talked about there. I might also do a just a little sort of couple of minutes one of my nap of the meeting and my next best better the meeting. We should probably be out Monday and I might be doing I don't know whether to do it or not. I might be doing all that all the handicaps as well and so weights and stuff and all the decorations are done. So let me know if you want to see that. But from any house listening, let's let's get some winners next week. Thanks.