Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira that holidays Emperor if you guys are wondering why I called her that sometimes at times all the time. Yeah all the time. You know, I'm good. I actually went to the gym this morning. I got myself a It did it divided and conquered would you do just some some bullshit? I don't know like okay, so I had some pre workout so that always helps and then I got to the gym I had planned on running because that's been kind of like my New Year's resolution that didn't happen instead. I did some pull-ups and then some leg work and I ended up with some cardio cleans. Have you ever done cleans before? No, they're gonna limp ABI have but I don't. Mmm, they're an Olympic lifts. And if you do them for Speed, then you just freaking murder yourself and it's kind of good next time I go to work out with you. You're going to murder me with planes clean. Of course. I don't know if I want to do that. You might not want to I was lost with you I wanted. I don't know what I wanted to do. I was just very unhappy. All right, I just couldn't. So this is how you a little bit about us. We've known each other for how many years too long. It was 2017. Okay, so not that long ago, you know that three years. It feels like a long time a lifetime since I've known yet, but we used to work together and it's funny because we first met at our training for work and my first impression of Live over here was I wasn't going to get along with her. She looked like a mean person sitting across I was from worst, but no you just have RBF. Oh, no way had an RV F. Like I actually had did not know that ya know you have an rdf and I remember talk are trying to talk to you and you were just shy maybe you just didn't know us but you'd be like, yeah. Hi with this face. I was like, I'm not going to try it with her like I'm not going to Don't you told me before the podcast that I was gonna hear this and like remember it right off the bat and I didn't and instead. I'm just like I'm hearing it for the first time. No and even with the person we worked with before she was sitting right next to me. She thought the exact same thing we were getting along that's fine interviewed together and each other and then we saw you come in and I was like, he's this one. He looks mean so we're not going to try. And me after the training we got along we found out we were working at the same the same place. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and then we warmed up to each other. You're not so bad. Oh, it's okay. Well of each else. It's actually funny because we ended up being like the closest what we'll do with her was at that store. Oh, we were we were goofing around all the time. I could show you a so many videos of Chell salt bang some seeds or something like that. I was either always dancing. Singing along to a song pointing at you from across the room. Then you would start dancing. I don't even know we were weird as I'm pretty sure people that were coming into the store like I don't know if I want to come back into the store. No, you don't think so. I mean, yeah so weird, but oh my God, I was going to say that. I just think that life has been I was thinking his eyes were like starting to podcast here that life is just so intentional like think about it. We met where we did and then We that was just for us to meet and then distance kept us strong and then you're back life is good for both of us we've evolved and now we're here and we're ready. We're ready. We're ready world right now and we've been wanting to do this for such a long time. I remember even talking to you about this years ago years ago. Mmm and it's crazy because this is our first day doing this. I'm like, it's actually real hmm and like who can really say I know I've been wanting to do this for so long and they haven't started it yet. And then you actually do it. Oh what a feeling what I'm feeling. It's even better when you have Korean barbecue planned afterward girl. We're about to go in on that. I didn't want to tell you because I kind of wanted the comedic relief, but when we were leaving Starbucks, I realized I had to pee So as the urge you get to see what I go through with this group here is she makes the best decisions. Yeah. So now she has to pee Oh, yeah, and I could tell you're struggling with Blazing Saddle. Is he? There's a bush right next to us. If you want to go in there. You sure will be good will be good again. So a few weeks ago, I would maybe as last week I had chelse take the Enneagram test and if you're not familiar with that is it's a it's a personality test that kind of just describes your motives behind the actions that you make. Okay? And so It kind of came after Myer Briggs and have you ever taken that one? No yours like your test that you had me take was the first really in a personality test interesting. I eat the I eat that up I can tell because I was asking you questions every question. I was reading because I wanted to be good like yeah, it's actually answer and there was a lot I didn't understand about it. So, uh, so it kind of defines why you did something in the manner that you did rather than telling you what you'll do and that's that's the issue with the Myers-Briggs where I'm in Ian FJ, which it basically breaks down how you treat certain situations. So imma more of an emotional thinker rather than a logical thinker. So for the Enneagram, yeah. Okay. So for the Enneagram much different, Instead you're allocated a number. And then between growth and weakness or if you're kind of unhealthy, then you go between different numbers as well. So you got three wing, too. Which what was the title of that again? I think it was like the I'm still learning about this which is really cool. But I'm still getting the lingo down with what you're talking about. Right and it's really interesting. But sometimes when you say lingo like that, I have to look at you like you're like, I don't know what you're talking about scientist, you know, but yeah, it's a viewing to I don't know what the title was on that. It's okay. It's just a title. And we don't we don't follow titles here in California where Californians remember its name is a horrible California accent. What is a California accent by the way? Because I know that I have one. I don't know what to do. You do you hear how you just did the how I have one you go up on the end of everything. Is that a California? That's a California thing? Okay. See that's good to know good to know. I think you know, I'm going to be talking like this. I still did it. Yeah, whatever. I'm done with. Yeah, I'm done. No, it's fine. We still love you. Here's a retake. Here's a juicy question for you before we dive into this. What's your biggest pet peeve? And okay, so there's two kinds of pet peeves in our world, right? Yeah, like breakdown for me because there's that's a broad quit that's like a really broad quite exactly so you could so we could say screw you for chewing with your mouth open that could be your surface level pet peeve. Okay, or you could break it down to like Man, when people cut me off or when people act in this certain way, okay, so I'll go into a deeper pet peeve love it is when people treat me like I'm a convenience. Hmm. That is something I cannot stand where they feel like talking to me one day and then the next day I'm non-existent to them. Oh man. Yeah like oh, so is it just like using you for when they feel like it and which is fine because that's actually taught me to be able to Cut relations relationships off. I think it's a good indicator of who is in and who is out exactly. That's why Everyone likes to say their circles are small and I only it's true. Like I have just a few group of friends that I actually hang out with that actually talk to and I keep that tight and I don't really like yeah, I'll I'm open for new friendships or whatever but most of the time that's what it turns out to be. Hmm. So I just kind of Expect it. I guess I'm not really surprised by it. But yeah, that's a little huge pet peeve of mine. Hmm. Don't be a convenience people who don't do it. Don't do it. What about you? What is your biggest you want to do? Surface-level Peppa to do like it a deeper. A podcast bread as soon as you start like you hit record. It's like everything in your brain just leaves. But if I was going to pick a pet peeve, oh my God, surface level 1. What? Is it? Do not bite the fork with your teeth scrape that shit out. Oh that's like nails on a chalkboard hat. It's a worse than that. I actually have like a visceral reaction screen time my little sister when she did it one time like actually biting on the floor. Bit the fork and then just slid it out. Let me know. Oh man. Oh that makes my teeth hurt. Oh, yeah, that's like chewing on foil. I used to have a friend that was actually like afraid scared of aluminum. Foil Well, yeah, if you have cavities and you chew on Foyle, do you know how painful that is? No, don't do it. She was scared of the sight of it. Oh, really? Yeah, and then one time I think I think it was wall shoot. I don't even know if this is a true story or not, but it sounds funny while she was sleeping they were after. Oil, that's know that when she wakes up. She has you get out of it evil. Am I I don't even know if that story is true. I think it is. I think that's how it went. What happened like they wrapped in foil. I mean, I would love to see the video of like what came of that like she wakes up and then just cries It's like Satan's just wrapping himself around you he's saying here. I am you're just you know, you just damaged people more. It's fine for your own entertainment. I've so many people that do that to me. It's okay. They just like to mess with me with things that are actual fears of mine, right and they laugh about it, but still like okay. So what's your biggest fear then? I've got a lot but like something that can like actually paralyze me and fear are spiders. You're never coming to my house. Oh God, why? Oh, they're everywhere like everywhere. Like I'll see you. I'll see one on the ceiling and I'm like, okay, I'm gonna kill it. I got it. No, I'll grab a broom. I'll grab something and as soon as I'm about to do it I don't and I just stared it. Yeah, and then I just decided I can't do it because it's gross. Yep. Why are they created? Why do they have eight nasty legs? Why do they want to crawl on you? And they get the opportunity? Just leave me alone. I'll leave you alone. Maybe I do think with logic because unlike I have answers for all of those. How have you been a spider? Yeah, man on a past life reincarnated so spiders have eight legs. I would assume so they could crawl faster and then make their webs. They need more hands to create the webs still pointless creatures sure, but they're not pointless creatures because we need them. They're actually healthier to hat. It's healthier to have spiders in your house. Then regular bugs. Oh great. Yeah, this looks because all the time because they eat all of the the bugs. Then why do they bite you and me or they'll bite me they don't really I've gotten spider bites. I'm sure I think I have to I tell you what I was laying in bed a few months ago when I had just moved into this place and I had not gotten used to having my spider friends all around. They're not my friends book, but I'm laying in bed, you know laying on my side hand under the pillow. Everyone sees this you're like you're lying on your side handle the pillow and phone in hand and you're scrolling. Hmm and then out of the corner of my eye. I see a tiny little leg. That's just we're all right next to my face on my bed. I screamed so loud. I think someone thought about calling 9-1-1 and my sister was just in the living room, like didn't even come to see if everything was all right. My body is logs. I can't it's not moving. Oh good. Yeah, no no, no, no, no, just why don't why do you have so many spiders in your house though? Why did you tell me that so now when I go to your house, maybe this is may not walk through the front door. Here's the thing. I was talking about at the beginning with intention. Okay. This is the next step in life for you. That's a step. I don't want to take it's okay. I don't need to take that step. I'll live perfectly fine without taking hey without pain. There's no growth no pain no gain and without fear you live a happy life. So, you know, I'm just going to take that route. Oh, man. Oh man. Here we go. Welcome to this podcast know I'll follow up. So now you guys get a sensor. Oh man people and Weirdos and I don't know that's that's like surface level of us. I would reckon absolutely. Mmm-hmm. So when it comes back to this Enneagram I tested in as a to Wing 3, which means that I am Ann. I'm an empath. I am a people pleaser, but I am warm-hearted. So I'm glad that they think that of me. I don't know about that. You're hey, you're pretty mean just totally until today. Okay hens on the day. Truly yours. Really? I really haven't seen you mean I can appreciate that. Maybe you just hide it really well that oh God what you really think of me? Like are you like now see this? Okay. So here's the thing. We're never gonna talk about than a gram. So I was at work the other day. This guy comes up to me his my coworker. I've known him. I we're good friends. And he comes out to me and he's like God you ever just see someone who's want to punch their face in all the time. Seeing this is where you and I differ because I have never had this thought like there's some people that I choose to stay away from because their face bothers me. I'm not saying that they're ugly or I'm not saying that it's just something about them. I don't want to be around him. Like I can't I can't explain it and how have you not felt that? I just don't instead. I'm like you should go to counseling. What does mean that's my heart. I'm like, oh, yeah, you should you should go to counseling like in my brain. I'm like, what is who hurt you? Who who who did not teach you how to be a human? I've never once had the thought of I'm gonna punch you in the face like there's been people in some of my classes when I when I was in college people like I'm nice, like don't get me wrong. You come up to me and talk to me. I'm never gonna be like rude or mean to hmm. But you'll sense that. I'm just not feeling it and I want to get away from a situation and once you leave I'm like, oh my God, thank God. I can't stand that person. I do a good job hiding it, right but it happens. I mean People to bug you you can't there's no explanation for it people bug me, but I don't wish to hurt them. Okay, I don't want to like her that I'm not saying like yeah, I don't know. What do you do for a living? You'd beat people up. No Chelsea's a class a beater upper. I'm not a beater upper. So let's let's reiterate that okay. Yes. I have a business that we teach people to protect themselves people up. Okay, we can if we need to we can if we need to but I don't know I think a lot of people feel that way for others. Obviously, they're not going to vocalize it or do anything about it, but we're human and I don't know about you. I don't know if you're a human because you don't feel those emotions. Oh God, but I know I you maybe you just haven't met that person that does that for you? Maybe you have I don't know. I mean, maybe my brother once or twice when I was little okay, but that's a sibling thing. Yeah you right. Yeah you right you right now, it's true. I just don't maybe one day until then. I hope it doesn't happen for you. Because I don't like the feeling of not liking someone. Well, I don't like people you don't like people. No, I don't like mean there's there's some people in the world. Olivia is coming out here. Yeah. I mean, there's some people in the world. You just don't really Vibe with and there's some people like, oh, I mean I could talk about this person, but there's there's really Is really maybe one person in the world. I'm just like man, you're just evil just pure like You got some you got some enemy and you you know, definitely hmm, but you can sense that before you even oh, yeah, either way like doesn't does not change the hurt that they put me with that being said like I don't I don't wish. anything bad for that person but I am like there has to be a change in your life to make you realize like what you're doing to me and others right? You know, right? I don't know but that does actually tie in to oh, yes. Yes back to the tizen. Yeah ties into my Instagram because I'm afraid so the twos so this is part of you mostly me because we're opposite right your two three. I'm a Yeah, okay. Yeah, so twos are empathetic sincere and warm hearted at their friendly generous and self-sacrificing but can also be sentimental flattering and people pleasing their well-meaning and driven to be close to others. Yes, but can slip into doing things for others in order to be needed. That's the issue. They typically have problems with possessiveness and with acknowledging their own needs. Yeah. Yes hundred percent. Yeah. My work in and of itself is just giving to other people and there's very few times where I well no, I mean it happens. But where you realize oh God, I have not done a single thing for myself and months. Right? And I mean that ties into like past relationships past, you know good but you know what? I mean all I did. Worry about that person and not myself and now that I am where I'm at. Now, I crippled myself. Yeah, I put myself in such a bad situation because I didn't care what happened with me financially with me emotionally as long as that person was okay. It was great. I was happy. That's that's awesome. I didn't realize until I was 2 years into my last relationship that I was just trying to fix them and I was always the guy that was like, don't try and fix your significant. Other right right, but yeah it is but that's what but when you really care about someone either if it's a romantic relationship or your friendship or whatever it is. Like I'm still kind of like that. I want to take care of that person. I want to make sure that sounds okay, that's never going to change about me. But now it's cool that we know that we do that so we can kind of Back off of that. Yeah, we're still helping them in a way. We're not completely putting ourselves in a bad situation. Mmm. That's really cool learning right life. Hey, we're awning at our best. We're unselfish and altruistic and have unconditional love for others, which I feel like we're going to be great moms. Can we talk about the unconditional? Love thing? Oh sure. Okay, like when we talked about How people use you as a convenience, that's the same thing exactly with me. I don't care what you do with your life. I don't it doesn't matter as long as I love you and I want to Like we just have that Bond. Mmm. I'm always going to be there like there's like there's nothing that one person can do to make me go. Oh I want nothing to do with you. Yeah. Oh, you're not good enough. You know what? I mean? It's none of my business. So like that unconditional love thing a lot of people. I feel like don't understand that it's unless you fit this criteria of what I want you to do. You won't have any room in my life. You know what I mean? And I feel like a lot of people are kind of like that because they may not like what you're doing. So I don't want you around. Yeah, if you look at the actual Enneagram like circle of numbers people like you and I will favor more like the 1 to 4 range and what's the wonderful range? It's like the way that we are the way that we like see other people that I want to like give and you know, and then the other side is the kind that is the side that you're kind of referencing to. It was just like the seven eight. Not that I don't care about other people, but I think it's very almost a self-centered either but for example when twos are under stress, they turned its unhealthy Tendencies of an eight. So I'll read you about that. I'll read you. All right, would you about that so like an eight? What was exactly what is an 8/8 are often extremely industrious, but at the price of losing emotional contact with many of the people in their lives those close to them may become increasingly dissatisfied with the State of Affairs which confounds aids. For example, I don't understand what my family is complaining about. I bust my hump to provide for them. Why are they disappointed with me? When this happens, it's feel misunderstood and made and made distance themselves further. In fact beneath their imposing exteriors AIDS often feel hurt and rejected. Although this is something they seldom talked about because they have trouble admitting their vulnerability to themselves let alone to anyone else because they fear that they will be rejected whether being divorced feeling it humiliated criticized fired or harmed its attempt to defend Themselves by rejecting others first the result is an average eight become blocked in their ability to connect with people or to love since others. Give power since oh or to love sense love gives the other the other is power over them. Wow, reenact Reawakening their basic fear. So so in conclusion, that was a huge snippet don't need to read that much. No, I think it's cool because you know, they're very specific it is it's Insanity about all of this because when the basically what this is saying is people will reject people who are innate and unhealthy will reject the people around them and just shut everything out because they're scared of that worthlessness or Being rejected and so when like a to like me when I'm under so much pressure, and I've said yes. Yes. Yes to all of these different things and then I'm finally exploding I give up and I'm like, nope. Screw everything gonna be somewhat it all am I is that it or you just saw a relation like your relationships or what you're doing with your life as a people are all of the above because it all ties together. I remember one time. I actually like I hand roll out all of my obligations in life and laughed at myself because of how many things I had written down really mmm because there was one point where I was full time in school trying to fix my ex-boyfriend what also doing I was doing I was seeing worship at church. I was attending church I was interning at church. I was working three jobs. So like you're really spreading yourself thin. Yeah, that's the issue with twos is that we Runners. We just let ourselves run dry to the Bone to the extent of like wow. I'm so empty that there's nothing left for me like nothing feels worth it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and so tying into the three, so you're mostly a 3 which means you're the achiever, which means you're mostly going Going out and trying to just be successful and always be the best version of yourself, which is very much. So me as well so that ties in specifically to it because I'm like, oh, I just want to keep being me. I want to keep doing the best I can do and then I'm empty. Right right. Uh-huh. So so interesting like I still think about the the test you had me do and how on point it was like it was describing me to the tee. Of everything I thought how I viewed myself how I viewed others. Yeah, if you'd success what I wanted for my life, you know, it's just such a cool test. It's so cool. It's so cool. It's so cool. It's really interesting is when we were talking about what we were going to do for the first podcast. This is this is like the first thing I thought of because it's just it's so indicative of like who we are as people and that can resonate not only with the listeners or I think it just gives a better perspective as to like when we talk about something or when were when we're talking about a topic or like something like that. There's a background as to like why we talk about the things that we're talking about, right? Hmm, and it's kind of cool because I mean, it's we're similar. We just I guess I have more of the three. Yeah, I don't know. I think everyone should take this test. You guys can get a better understanding of who you are as a person and how you view situations when you don't know how you view situations because who was really aware of. Oh, I'm doing it this for this reason when I'm wanting to do something like we don't do that. We act on impulse. We're totally I want to do this, but why why do you want to do that? Exactly? I had my whole family take it. I haven't had my brother take it yet, but I read the whole the whole thing and did a lot of research on the eights and It's my brother. And so so I know that I know why he's doing the things that he's doing or the the motives behind it. I have my mom and sisters take it. So whenever they start acting a specific way. It's really easy for me to tune in and be like, oh, I understand that. They're just feeling this way like they're feeling they're feeling so much pressure because they wanted to be loved or you know, things like that, but my dad is a three wing too. To so we're like, yeah, okay and love my dad and I love chickadee. And can you see it though? Can you see those similarities between us like it's interesting because it's in the under workings is not in the personality. Okay, but it's in the under workings and like actions. Okay. Hmm. Okay, that's cool though. Like I'm really interested for my dad to take it because I can see because we're so we're so opposite but at the same time I really want to see what kind of You know what? I mean, just the really specific things that make him who he is. Hmm and how he thinks even though I know how he thinks I'm right hand. But like I want I don't think he's aware of how he sees things sometimes I think it would be a huge help it always is like I actually I love this so much because I had to take it at the beginning of an internship and this is like the introduction was like, okay take the Enneagram and we'll get to know each other and like that was it. And realize how no will that was when they told you to do that? No, and then I took like the paid version which is like a hundred and seventy two questions. Yeah, the one you took was 14 pages, but it was not a hundred thousand two questions. So we were sitting on the beach taking this test how California are we we went some Malibu and we love on the rocks and a model an Instagram model do his thing as I'm taking the test. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I can't get any more California. And yeah, we watched the sunset over the Dolphins and the sea lions and he's not exaggerating. They don't and we got a time-lapse that we did. Yeah, I don't think it can get much more California than that. You're right, but I don't know. I'm really glad I took it I now I'm always thinking about it of like all my decisions I make I'm like, why did I make this decision? Oh, no way. That's right. Oh, okay. Okay. So tell me about a time and The last week that you've done this. so with my dad come with this business, there's some things that you know, I'm still learning obviously, but we kind of butt heads because we're so much alike. You know, I mean, we're best friends but like there's times where we butt heads and all look at something. He said and I'm like no, I don't want to do that. I don't like that. Yeah, and I went back to the picture. You sent me of like my test score of this I like oh my God, that's okay. That makes sense. I don't that's why I don't want to do that. You know what I mean? Or that's why I don't agree with what he's saying or that's why it's hard for me to listen sometimes because I just don't think that way. Hmm now, it's like yeah, I just we all think differently. Hmm and I'll think of someone I feel like he's gonna be so opposite. The Spectrum for me on this test. I feel like he might be an eight. I feel or six like so do but now I'm understanding and once he takes the test now I'm gonna be able to talk to me like so this is why I don't agree with some of the things you say and this is why you don't agree with me on some of the things I say. Hmm But now I think that's going to be a really cool learning curve because we're going to be able to kind of communicate a little bit better. Oh, yeah. Why don't you agree with us? Well, I just don't see it this way, dude. This test is perfect for all the relationships in your life. Like like me and me and my boyfriend now like because I know his type and like what and it was time for blood. Yeah, it's me. I noticed that's so stupid after listening. She knows your type. Oh my God, I can just predict any one, which is actually bad. You're not supposed. Do that, so I didn't come back. You're not supposed to like look at someone be like I bet you're 3 Yeah, no, it's assuming it's assuming their Enneagram and we don't want to do that here in Los Angeles. Oh my God the piece so assume don't judge a book by it's cover of California. Where the most real State ever. Oh my God. Okay. So Chris. I don't think we belong here I belong and I don't know I love California, maybe not Los Angeles. You're right. Yeah, I feel like Going off topic, but I don't know people if you're wanting to move to Los Angeles because I know so many people who want to do. It. Don't Okay negative. I'm saying just be prepared for the bullshit. That's a great because there's a lot of it and there's okay. First of all, you need to be you need to be financially stable for you to complete your first of all don't do the mistake of I've Got a little bit of money. I'll figure it out though. It's a don't do that Chainsmokers city in Africa. God speaking of terrible music. I listened to pierce the veil For The First Time in Forever this morning. Okay. What is pierced you're joking? What is that? You know, you're talking to me remember like, okay, so I you're right. Now maybe you're in it. Maybe you're in it. Okay, so fun fact about me besides like being chill and go with the flow. I have my moments of rage and it's so contradictory to what we were talking about before. Okay, right, but we remember we're human. I don't want to punch people. I want to punch things. Oh, sweetheart. Okay. So here's Pierce The Veil The Veil. Let's go for Bulletproof Love. Okay, listen. No, I was at the gym around all of these old sweaty men because oh you're type of place. Oh, yeah, I'll fill you in I go to the Comstock me now, please I go to the Gold's Gym in North Hollywood and Comstock because I probably won't be there I pay so much money for this membership and oh what happened? It's just it's know you're familiar with like bodybuilders, right? Yes. It's all of those guys that are out of their Prime. Oh, the ones are still trying to be something, you know, they're there to spend three hours and socialize because they're now retired. Gotcha. Okay, and it means that anyone who walks through those doors that are friends and And for me, the gym is like my away time. Don't talk to me which is why I kind of stepped away from personal training is like I got out I couldn't I couldn't like be alone okay I walk into my gym and I want to work out but instead it's social hour and I have to be on all the time right I love working out I'll probably do like an at-home private thing at some point I want to because I really care about people's Wellness hashtag I'm a to hashtag love life hashtag love Callie hashtag beach girl hashtag hashtag photo Josh oh my gosh I just my goal today hopefully is to make you pee your pants oh please but at the same time you're in my car leather seats it's easy to clean oh man that's a fun fact they were in a car there's horses walking around us and I don't know I that's probably a good preference because I know that there was some helicopters he's flying overhead okay yeah that's another thing there's always helicopters we don't have headquarters we're going to have to find those at some point we will but and you know what we're we're doing it hey it's fine we don't care we've got some weird people walk by us It's okay even next to us, right hmm. We got to pet my ride next to us. Oh, you guys can understand how horrible this car looks. The wheel looks like it's coming off. I don't even know how to explain this. It's like if Snoop Dogg put on his gold grill and his silver grill. Well, let's just put it this way. If you follow any of us, you're going to see the picture because I'm about to take one right now is to show people to look at. Oh, it's the beautiful cart. It's no I'm sure there's some dice in the mirror. It's fine. I just took the picture. Straws, okay. So you're fit. You played you almost want you were almost professional with soccer you have. No I wanted to I feel like I could have if I really wanted to write I was so burnt out of it kind of like I played through college and okay many are just spectacular amazing you coached. Yeah, so you are well aware and the athletes mind of How how we should and should not work out so to speak so let's say and I think with working out also comes a lot of mental stamina. Okay? Yes, absolutely. So how do you differentiate and know the difference and the time and place between Mind Over Matter? And listen to your body. Mind over matter so okay. Let me take this back I grew up with my dad teaching me pain is pain you can overcome that. There's a difference between you being hurt and you've been injured. Mmm. So like when it came to practice and you know, we were busting our ass and we were Slowly being murdered God that mind over matter is it's a head game. It's all mental. So like if you're pushing and you're not injuring herself and it's just painful and you're like, my body's fatigued. I'm exhausted. I don't know if I can do this anymore. That's Mind Over Matter my mind over matter for me is I'm going to push past that comfort zone. Because I know I can it's a trick that my mind is telling me that I can't do it. Mmm that's mind over matter for me. If I am if I'm experiencing pain. That's whatever it's fine. It'll go away. Okay listening to your body. That's more of like the injury thing for me. Like if I'm like really pushing on my oh something doesn't feel right. This is really hurting like this isn't normal. That's when you're going to listen to your body. What about if you're like, not mentally you don't have the mental endurance like that and then Suddenly start feeling a tweaking like oh, no, it hurts. I'm done. And unfortunately, there's so many people. I know so many people like that. Yeah. It's that's a really hard thing because no matter how many how many times you explain it to that person of your fine. You just your minds tricking you like you can do this, you're gonna experience pain. Like if you're in any sport, you're gonna experience pain. That's just what's given with it. You just gotta accept it, but there's some people that are mentally too weak to understand that and there's no going around it because that's just how Oh, they've been their entire life. Yeah, I heard from someone that when you feel like you're at 95% You're actually at 20% Is that a lie? Or is that or is that just a good thing to tell yourself? I don't know. I could be both mostly. It's like something you tell yourself mmm, because you know what, I take that back. There's always something left. So like for example, like when I was going through my trainings, I would be exhausted to the max where I wasn't I wasn't in control my body anymore oof, but it's that that Spike of adrenaline where you're like, I'm in this mode. Yes. I'm exhausted. That's fine. But I'm gonna push through it like that's You also have to want to do it though. Yeah now get now put someone in that position where they're not interested in doing. You know what I mean? You're kind of just going through the motions. Yeah, they're gonna be having a really hard time with that. You know what I mean? Like, it's just I don't know. It's just all mental. It's you're either strong enough or you're not strong enough to do it. They're a little bitch or not either a little bitch or you're not exactly exactly but then again, that's also how you're raised as well like sorry, excuse me. Mmm, sorry, I'm having problems with my throat. Um how many people have that person in their life or multiple people in our life that are pushing them and pushing them and pushing them in such a positive way that you're going to you know what I mean? Like you're gonna grow out of that going. Oh, I can do this like I've been through so much worse. I can do this. Hmm. Okay, there's a lot of people who have people in their life that don't push them or that allow them to quit or allow them to I don't want to say be weak. But yeah be weak like not containers to be comfortable exactly to be uncomfortable. I don't like being comfortable just for the fact how I was raised. So yes - three - i - Yeah. No, it's definitely a mindset. You're either a week. You're either a bitch or not a bitch. Whatever the hell a little bitch a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. They're a wee last of a bitch. or you're not yeah that definitely separates people that's the success line when we talk about how successful you want to be mmm alright is your mind strong enough to push through all the bullshit you have to go through just to get to that because it's never going to be a straight line totally it's never going to be a straight line and if you think that you're gonna be very disappointed down the line you know down the road yeah so I don't know I mean the people I'm around I can tell they have the same mentality as me because yeah but go through a speed bump and then go huh it happened I'm moving forward from it yep instead of going ah I went through this let's dwell on it for a thousand years I didn't like how that made me feel so I'm going to try something else mmm you know what I mean so yeah I know there's two types of people it does it does that also ties into rejection for you so like Let's say for me I auditioned for something and I don't get it many people would just be like, okay, I didn't get it in a they would either move on to the next thing or live in their sorrows quick crawl in a hole and live there for the rest of their lives. for me, I think it's it's being realistic. There you go. Be realistic with yourself because not everyone's going to like you not ever you're not gonna be able to please everyone. So any type of Adventure that you get into either be your acting or a business career or whatever it is. You're going to go through things where people don't approve of you. Yeah, and they're going to reject you. And are you going to let that one person or those few people say, I don't like her. She's not going anywhere. Mmm allow you to quit and if that's the case, you didn't really want it oof. If you're going to let one person or a few people reject you I don't even think it's rejection. I just think they just didn't like me. I don't really care. They do nothing for me. Yeah, you're gonna let those people dictate how you're gonna reach your goal. Yeah. Oh man, you know what? I mean? Like you seriously didn't want that in the first place on yeah, that makes sense. You know, I mean like failing I love feeling because I learned so much more about myself and there's this Ted Talk of a guy that does a hundred days of rejection. Be seeing this. Oh, no, he liked he intentionally like ask people for things so obscene and like out of the ballpark that he expects the no and Herb man. I mean you just have to watch it. But he like there's one time that he asked for a burger refill as yeah. Can I get a new burger? And I think that was like the first one that he did so they're like intentional rejections. He wants the yeah, he wants to understand the feeling of rejection and understand that it helps you grow. Oh and not wither away. Gotcha. Okay like a little bitch. I'm not gonna lie I might be at the point of bursting really it's time to pee time to pee it's time to pee and I think that was also like a good a good time frame yeah first for a second let's see how long it takes me from the time that I feel like I have to pee to how long I can hold it and that's the time of one podcast I can't laugh at this point Oh my God, but yes, this was actually a lot better than what I thought it was gonna be always. I always love talking with you. Oh, I know. I know you're squeezing. I know you're squeezing. I know you have to relax actually. You're right. You're right. Yes gustaw bra. Have you seen what anger management Nicholas technical? Oh man. It's how they relax and stop being angry. I might go pee on that tree. I'm not watching I'm like yesterday was so great. I always love talking Olivia. We always have such great conversations. And now we kind of get to share with you guys what we really talk about an inner Masa nations of my mind or an enigma. Oh dear Lord. I'm sorry. I'm hitting it with all of the references. That's all I can do at this point. Oh no a my head. I'm hearing tinkle tinkle. Yeah, exactly Little Live Well, they do so much for tuning in with us. Lovely. You're gonna hear a lot more of our banter and weird conversations, but I hope you enjoy them. Yeah, because this yeah, they're special. We are special and very and I know that Chelsea knows that you all don't have to tell is that but we do love words of affirmation and if you can't be weird with us, and I feel sorry for you guys. Oh, yeah. Thanks for listening to live to neck. It's kind of like a heart-to-heart except. It's a live tunak tunak exactly. Thanks for tuning in guys, bye-bye.