I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the That may actually just covered our love is blind after show as well. It's true here. We got out. It's not that voice is Mike feeling that you're hearing as well. What's up Jeff I shave for today. I was going to say Mike you look so sharp eyes for the viewers good. Thank you. Ironically haven't shaved but I'm liking the button up. It feels very like, this is a good one Metheny. I'm your host reliable if podcast listeners check out the YouTube. I think yeah come down. Yeah. Okay speaking of here and go back to the audio only Dino. They will they'll see us I'm feeling you know, I will quickly shout the fan. So if you're tuning in live, we're so glad you're here. My could we got tonight? A lots of people J jobs Veronica Kimberly Misha Sarah English Joseph Boza, of course J night Amanda lots of our friends in the chat. Love seeing you guys. Thank you so much for hanging out and putting all your comments. I will be reading them throughout the broadcast and injecting just amazing insights that you guys have it. We love you guys so much. If you're a podcast listener know that we do go live at 7 p.m. Pacific 10 p.m. Eastern on AfterBuzz TV. Featured Channel, you should check out and you can join the conversation tons of people from around the world. Do it every week. Sure loving all the love in the chat I missed you guys. I wasn't here last week. I just wanted to quickly shout-out. Thank you are happy. Yay. She's back from Jane. I I was laughing earlier because somebody was asking where was Renee and I was like, where is your last week? To watch poor Matty. She was really struggling to get her thoughts out but I think that actually some of the women tonight very eloquently expressed how I felt about the situation. You know, she got a lot of slack on social media from people who felt like she shouldn't have been on the show. I do think her delivery could have used some work and maybe the timing as well, but I did see it as her just like stating her standards. So she's not only pH shouldn't she be on the show? Yeah. I don't I don't see her being a Luke P I felt. Did we remember what we watched last season with the way that he spoke to Hannah the delivery like all that to me counseling when you're comparing somebody to somebody else not just the fact that that how they feel about their Christianity and their right their virginity. So that was a reach Bachelor Nation. Let's calm down fair enough. Well, thanks for your thoughts on that Christine. We're so glad you're back happy to be back. It's the best and just so you guys know we're not only covering tonight's episode. We also are going to be talking about the huge news. That was drought which is of course that Claire crawl. He's our new Bachelorette lots of thoughts on that. That's me later in the episode and a lot of predictions especially based on that trailer Christine in particular said, I have a theory and I so wanted to know what you thought but I was like we have to save it for are so I'm just as eager to hear that as you guys are after all the folks that are tuned in right now. We ask that you give this video a like it actually helps our video a ton boosts Us in the YouTube search ability. We had a pretty good pretty good numbers on last week's show and it's because y'all the army of fans we Likes these videos we bring this to you for free and it really helps us. So we appreciate that. If you give us that like for every like video will play a sound effect producer gets there it is. Okay, so to simulate tonight's women tell all for the next ten seconds. I want each of us to give our overall thoughts at the same time. One, two, three. We were frustrated by the conduct of tonight's episode my goodness because there's a just being like, yep. He was up. He this is the first time I've seen him kind of stupid fight as to how to like control the room, but how could you though not you like? We just we just played it for you A lot of them really Zone in these zoning in on who they're arguing with and they don't even know that other people are arguing and stuff's going on. It's crazy. I overall I was a little bit disappointed. Tonight's episode. I gotta be honest, you know, I love this show in general. I feel like women tell-alls and men tell-alls haven't been as good as like early classic Bachelor the show is as good as it's ever been even, you know, people haven't loved this the people on this season, but I think it's been a pretty great season. I have a small I guess a small 32 why that is I mean because I agree I think the women and men tell all specials have been lacking in recent Seasons. Yeah, but I think that's also because the nature of this show and how quickly things break in real time. It shows going on a lot of these. Ins that you normally wait till the end for to get that, you know that extra word out. We're already getting it in real time, even though the girls can't necessarily comment on too much until the show's over especially if they're still in the running. It just feels like America's kind of already talked about it so much that by the time we get to this point, it's just rehashing a lot of things that we already knew interrupt real quick, but we got a five dollar super chat over silina. Wow. Bachelor Mike shouldn't should have been a bachelor. Mike should have been not familiar with the new Bachelorette, but I'm curious and they gave Victoria a decent outfit after her foolishness. Thank you very much. That's completely true and true. We're going to talk about I mean, I think I feel like Mike for bachelor is never going to end right for the rest of the season or sorry the rest of the existence. So we get them on and we're going to talk about Victoria. I wanted to hit real quick. I think the show has been fantastic this season for TV. Watching not for love. If you actually want to see any of these fall in love and he's people but as far as TV, it's been really good. So it'd be really tight. I mean, they would have had to really bring up Mutual combatants on to the stage and sit them down on the couch and let them argue for it to be a really good kind of women tell all yeah. I not learn anything new. I do want to kind of wag my finger The Producers because I agree Mike there are ways clearly. It's not an understatement to say this isn't the most I mean group of women we've ever had on this show. That's fair. I think like tonight kind of showed that I mean with women tell all what you hope is that either you find out something new or someone kind of gets an interesting Redemption moment. Yes and maybe Victoria after a little bit we can talk about that but I don't feel like any of these women came out seeming more interesting or better for it. I kind of feel like they all solidified what Americans been accusing them of all season, which is like they kind of suck. I hate to say it, but it's just Not the most likeable group of women. I mean a lot of them did end up owning up to their behavior to which yeah also mildly refreshing just hear them be like, you know, what? Yeah, I could have handled this better. I was a little crazy on this season. It's like snaps for the self-awareness. Yeah, at least we got a little bit of that. But yeah, I mean, I don't know Mike anything to add to that, you know, I love women and men tell all for seeing old people and not remembering who they are. That's always fun. I forget that they were on the show. That's neat to me. Might one girls. I was like, I love what they talk about two of the snapbacks. Always you at home night one guy Drew. Yeah. I don't know. They're not the nicest bunch. There's a lot of little in squabbles again, which what's makes the whole season really interesting photos. But as far as the women tell all no one had this crazy Redemption moment even something like, okay look take somebody like Tammy Tammy is a very divisive. Of person. She's probably on your run down to talk about. Yeah, but she's had both really good moments and really bad moments in this one episode where people were like, yeah, you're right Tammy and then just 180 degrees. How could you do that to that other person right and then she's making all these ugly faces and all those kinds of and then we talk about bullying and we hear how horrible she's been bullying on its 360 of emotions with every single person. So there's hard to have any kind of true redemption or Thing like that. It's it gets really messy and I actually want to start or Christine happen. If you had I was just going to say I was kind of bummed that Kelly and Natasha weren't there crazy. Let's check out that quickly. I brought that up. Yeah, that feels nuts. The fourth and does least does it I mean, maybe they opted out of getting six but then six right who got for his Kelly was Kelsey. Thank ya. See ya. Yeah. Thank you. Well the insect if we go by your tinfoil hat Theory the Natasha's a producer plan not very weird and then Kelly honestly was like Like this is dumb. I'm on a different level than all of this. I'm not feeding into this anymore. This is your inside your suspicions right coming. I just feel like she was embarrassed and I feel like she opted out like to your point that she just didn't want to be there but for somebody who left on such a high horse and believes, they're so much better and above the drama. I would have liked to see her sit there and speak for herself. I don't think she had anything to be embarrassed about I thought she looked great all season. You don't think so. No. Well, I see I think maybe she's embarrassed. In retrospect seeing her exit like that being so like overly confident and job shaming a remember, but we out but remember you and I talked about this before her confidence or overconfidence could also be read as I know. I'm going home. I don't really care. I don't care. I'm just gonna chill and relax like specifically when she was lounging back on the couch. Whatever that was the other way to kind of interpret it. So what I'd like to see her show up, oh sure. I think she's gonna come I needed and I was just like great. I want to see this. And she could drop some real real real talk now because they're filming it. They're talking she can really, you know, clap on some people because it doesn't matter. She was the realest one this I think he's you hear from her. I know I don't think we'll ever see her again. I like paradise pretty interesting. I don't think we'll see her there we try f is gonna dominate Paradise we will get into it Mike you briefly about the bullying thing. I do. I think I want to talk about that first kiss because I feel like it's going to be easiest to position this at the top of the Now I'm feeling a little bit hypocritical because I just call these girls out a second ago and they call America out for bullying them case you guys I know you guys saw it just to remind you Rachel Lindsay was brought in which I think was very smart. You can talk about why Rachel sort of the perfect mouthpiece mouthpiece for this segment. But basically she got very candid red personal DM's that she's got they were vicious misogynistic and racist. Yep. She read them on air. I got it. I want to applaud the intention behind this segment, but I feel a little mixed in the Livery Christine I want to start with you. How did you feel about this segment? What are your thoughts on all of this? You know, I agree. I think that Rachel was a great person to bring in for this being that she was the first black bachelorette that the franchise had if anybody had too few gold a lot of disgusting racist inappropriate comments. I'm sure it was her along with the other women on the panel because I believe it felt like some of the messages she were reading she was reading were directed at some of them because yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh you half-mexican this and I saw Sydney like put her head down. So Her being the mouthpiece was great. But again, the juxtaposition of everything else that happened this in this episode. I don't know if this was the right timing for it. Yeah. I don't know if I could necessarily even see it as a standalone piece either but being that we only have two episodes left. I guess you do it. Now it almost felt like ABC was like shame on you Bachelor Nation, like you're you're you know feeding into this online culture of putting these other women down. We're talking about how bad they are in screen. But here we are. Are behind our own screens talking bad about them, but I don't know. I agree that it just it didn't land the way I think it intended. Hmm, Mike would you think I'd like to drop in something really quick before I answer before I forget because like Steph and a lot of other live viewers have said Kelly actually said she wasn't invited to women tell all so I don't know. I don't know. I didn't see anything about that. But of course are super sleuths in the chat. You guys are awesome as far as the you know, something about no, I didn't that sounds like thanks for putting me on as far as Bullying segment. I thought it was interesting. I'm not I was interested in to why they did it. Now cyberbullying is nothing new. You know, I'm sure we had it last season. I'm sure we've had it ever, you know, since tutor was invented every single Bachelor season has had it. It's interesting that they chose to put it in. Now, I agree with everything that was said obviously it's disgusting and gross and and also other kind of stuff and at the same time everybody lost included have chosen to do stuff online and put ourselves out there. So you're kind of open up to it. I feel like it's just the kind of world. We're in right now where we accept people are keyboard jockey Warriors. They think they're big and tough behind the screen and they have no fear in typing stuff that they would never say to you face-to-face, right? I'm a big big Gary vaynerchuk fan. I love that dude. If you guys are unfamiliar is entrepreneur out of New York. He does a lot of motivational stuff and he's really really big on positivity and really big On you know, we need to teach our kids about positivity and filtering in out that stuff. It doesn't matter. You know what I mean? If we make you know this YouTube video and we get some random comment from the person he always likes to use some random user like Johnny pan 62 saying we suck like I don't care it literally doesn't affect me whatsoever. And I think we just got to get as a society into that notion that these girls they get these disgusting things DM to them and texted them and tweet. Eat it them. It just can't affect you. It's nonsense it of course it does but I want I'd like everybody to push more of the positivity. I'm not letting it affect them. I think the combo might have had a little more color to it. Yeah pun intended, but it's like if maybe they maybe they included some guys. I don't think the guys are exempt from terrible criticism when they're on the other foot like show you the full certain conversation. It's not just the girls. I'm sure Peter gets plenty of hate. Yeah ATMs and stuff. Yeah like you actually I'm glad you brought that up because I do want to applaud ABC because this Candidly felt driven by race. Like I do appreciate how boldly they called out not only bullying but specifically racist bullying which obviously that's something Mike and I'll never have to deal with it. So I'm not going to pretend like I understand what that feels like because it's criticism versus hate. Yeah. So here were saying yeah, you're right that's different. So I want to applaud ABC from their intentions. Mmm It's just tough when you see fifteen unedited seconds of women screaming over each other and they have a commercial break and you cut to this segment it just It doesn't quite sit. Right? Right. Yeah, I was like really waiting for a moment. We're at the end of them having that discussion because you know after Rachel read those comments a lot of the girls were like, yeah, I've had this sent to me that's sent to me if someone was to turn on and be like, you know, what like this should also this should be a lesson to us. Like we've been best this nasty to each other like less hot. Like I would have taken that little come to Jesus moment right there and I would have been like that's what we tuned in for got it, but we didn't get it so Summit so Avalon Park says, I believe someone's Life was threatened this time. That's why they did it. That's absolutely true. But I guarantee you those kind of we can't even stay the stuff that they said because we get to monetize but the what's The Artful way to say it self deletion comments. It's a very common internet thing to tell people to do. I'm sure previous contestants have had that it's gross and someone else said, you know, it's easier said than done the stuff that I was saying a hundred percent. It's easier said than done. I would just like everybody you know, I think as a society we need to move towards that it's either that or get off social media, but honestly because he's trolls and you know, bleep bleeps whatever, you know curse word. You want to call them they're not going anywhere. So, you know, they're out there. None of us respect them, right? It's just their own little sounding board. And yeah, hey afterbuzzers before we move on to your next topic. We just want to say thanks to our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. Plus their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer also anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more plus you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started before we continue one of the ways we keep all these shows for you free is by our amazing sponsors. And today Spotify is one of our sponsors on Spotify. You can listen to all of your My favorite artist and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify as a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you don't miss an episode premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever they are and you can easily share what you're listening to with all your friends and following on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for AfterBuzz TV on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure you follow us you never This episode of AfterBuzz TV. Well, it was interesting enough. We'll have to see I'll be very interesting to see how their reaction to that segment was because it stood in stark contrast to the rest of the broadcast right very interesting way. Okay quickly. We need to talk about actually happened on the episode tonight what there was an episode. I know that's always how it feels when they are this footage Madison ended up showing up. Did any of you guys think she wouldn't show? No, I thought she was gonna show ya the whole teaser to this was a fake out like covid. Yeah. We got two more to go. There's a She really at the end of the day not that much to talk about it was a dramatic Rose ceremony. Nothing surprise. Victoria went home. I mean, they really people's suspicions whether or not it was this and they didn't actually really talk about it, but people suspicious the whole time right was that he wanted to hook up with Victoria and then can be done. That's what was put out a lot and I know it doesn't look great. It doesn't look great because that's kind of what happened. But if you're gonna go straight connections wise, I think Hannah and Madison were much stronger. I yeah, and this was also like the most calm that we've seen Victoria on the show, which was during her exit. She was like this what it is like tear. Mmm hair flip. I was like you were like, I can't function right now when Peter like had a simple conversation, so you broke up with you and you're like, I'll tell you what if Victoria Epps personality the entire time was as it was when the insect was attacking her. Yeah. Wins every season she went every season we see shimmers of personnel was so cute and so fun and lovable and like a real person rather than this kind of robotic monotone thing that maybe maybe it's because cameras are on her or something. Like I don't know and that's brought it to bug bumped her out of it out of her, you know manufacture kind of reality because she's nervous about cameras and that's her honest reaction because that was so fun and cute and nice. Laughs there's a lot you can see these shimmers of the person that Peter fell in love with I think I'm going to connect this to tonight. I thought she did as good of a job as she could have in the hot seat tonight. She fine in the hot seat. I think what kind of makes me sad about Victoria. Is she knew in the back of she decided that she would never win this show what she admitted on the broadcast tonight and that's why I think Christine she was pushing him away all season her behavior was so inexcusable season because she was almost trying to self-sabotage. So when Peter broke up with her and it was the smoothest moment of the show, that was the Fulfillment of the inevitability she saw for her Fate on this show. Show I think which is really sad. It is sad and all things considered with the very nasty things that she did this season. I'm talking about being rude to other women starting drama on her own accord. I'm not going to excuse that but I did actually really feel for her. I think I wrote this down like a she's talking my man her self-esteem sound shot like she sounds like she doesn't deserve better in Life or she feels that way about herself and I'm like girl like that's I feel like attacking love especially with that kind of mindset is only going to be setting you up for either drama or Unhealthy relationship. You have to believe you're worthy of love. You have to go into a healthy relationship that way or I'll how are you going to make anything work? That's why they had zero communication there. I mean they were other factors at play obviously. Hello Madison, but there was just there was no you could see very clearly those two had a ceiling like it wasn't going to get past a certain point. Yeah. That's what do you want to stay completely off the bullying stuff now because this is an interesting point in the chat back. Okay real quick the difference, this is Diane Diane Shira the difference in the bullying is This the women all lived through the same situation and our trash talking one another based on knowledge not racist misogynistic hate received from strangers. Yeah, that's true. However, what I would add to that because that's completely true, but I would add to it is The general population not so smart a lot of really dumb people out and about that all get access to the internet. So I think when they see their favorites on the show trash-talking somebody else their way of being like I support Jeff, I'm gonna go trash Christine because Jeff doesn't like Christine. That's the kind of mentality and that's where I think it's snowballs out of control. It's interesting. I mean, I mean to that point yet is it is kind of hard. I don't know. It's like we I want to These women to a higher standard to you know, behave better on the show, but it's like they're they're also not in control of how their fans respond to their behavior that shows absolutely that's true that if they didn't if they didn't do all the stuff we wouldn't really have a lot of stuff to talk about it would just be a beautiful day today. I don't know it's kind of built into the to the DNA of the show that they're gonna scream and yell at each other and someone's going to be pissed at someone for something. It just it's like it's a weird kind of environment going on. It just did feel like an Ali heated women tell all tonight. I mean like this felt more like a Bad Girls Club or Union and I don't want to shade that show but like me but we've believed said this whole season that there's mean girl Tendencies here and there and burn books and whatever I did just comments a lot of really snide one liners that are like you had to prepare that cutting one liner to hurt someone's feelings. It was just weird. It was a weird night. I want to talk quickly about Kelsey. I wanted to talk real quick about Victoria though. Oh, yeah. What's it like to be sorry just looks fun. She did directly address the allegations. Thank you. Yes, we do now is like that was big. I was like hanging on everything Chris Harrison was saying like, please ask her about that. Yes. Thank you and she flat-out denied it. But I think we all kind of were aware of the crowd's reaction was it seemed like nobody believed her that but that's it's such a weird is she's broken up marriages is such an odd. I think it's an odd allegation if two people were married and then they get divorced and then the guy starts dating. Victoria it's very easy for the ex-wife to be like she broke up my marriage. Obviously he had eyes for her the whole time and she's the reason that's not necessarily true. I don't know. I'm just saying there could be a weird Optics on weird relationship stuff. Like I'm not really Defending Your but if she's V immediately denying it, you know, we're never going to get everybody side of the story. Let alone the married people divorced people that she broke up. I don't know the thing. That sucks is if Victoria had been likable and gotten a good at it. These allegations would be immediately dismissed by everyone. But because we all have made these evaluations about Victoria and she herself called herself out for this terrible Behavior. I'll season it's just hard for people to unsee what they've heard or decided about her. That's right, which that's unfortunately it sucks but whether or not she broke up marriages or whatever whether or not to even our place to know. Yeah, I mean, well she's gonna be stuck with that in this day and age wouldn't someone be like, yep right here my marriage she did this. I don't know what you are. Dino what's-her-name Marissa or was it Marissa? Who ever came forward the Phantom girl that now we know who it is when the signs yeah. Yeah when someone what you think somebody is their social media. She was their spokesperson. That's why they didn't come forward. They said yeah. Well, they weren't at the concert right? Well, what's interesting? I think Deep dive on this for bachelor News Daily and there was one couple that people aren't calling out but they seem to be doing fine. I embarassingly forget their names right now, but go check out my bathroom News Daily coverage and I don't want Jay jobs' swampland. I'm just trying trying to give everybody a little bit. The benefit of the doubt. Oh, yeah for sure. Well, okay, why would have gone to Kelsey now? Yeah, I felt like the way she was produced tonight the bat the producers hadn't decided he was going to be Bachelorette and they were taking her off to potentially be a bachelorette it neither do we think Kelsey came out in that positive same or net negative definitely not positive. I mean you had freaking Ashley I coming out to endorse you as being like Kristen hex. Yeah, christening her eyes, like the next, you know, just pillar of For emotional women on the show who shouldn't be judged unfairly. It's basically what she was saying, you know, she had a redeeming moment. We had another cheeky moment at the end with the champagne bit that was a little extra. But but I will say I really appreciated the way Kelly owned her crazy Kelsey Kelsey. Wow. I don't know Kelly I missed you tonight Kelsey owner crazy. She definitely got a nice Bachelorette at it and it seems like it seems like she really really did like Peter we said this several times. I was like, she's kind of only when I really believed after the fact who's like man I wish that was my person. Yeah, I'm rolling deep with the chat right now because it's still very evidently the wives have spoken to other websites Lau about The Break-Up. I haven't read that like damn. Okay evidently someone right here said that one of the wives was actually at the concert and talk to Peter to but they edited it out. I don't know. I heard that Lauren B's mom was like friends with one of the wives. Yes, and that she was allegedly there and they ended up That part out it's like it's hard to comment on it because we didn't see it man. Okay. Sorry, you guys are just doing a great job in China. I love you Kelsey Kelsey, but I want to say quickly just yes link those YouTube link. You can put the links in the comments. Right? We want we want to see these stories. So if you could put these links in the comments, yeah, we'll check it out. So it's no secret that I'm in the biggest Kelsey fan the entire time. Here's what I thought about tonight if she had reacted to Champagne gate the way she did tonight. The you know self self-referential humor, if that's the right term is just having a fun with it and at the end we had everybody trying to do it and that's that's cute. That's like a guy I think I would have liked her a lot more think she would have done better in general and not gotten into it with so many of the girls the whole alcoholic Pill Popper thing was you know, it was over played during the actual season. I think it was over played now with all the arguments and stuff. She just had a little too much to drink and it got a little out of hand. It's not that epic right hand side is 20/20. Yeah, of course, but she owned it. Well, I mean she definitely whether it was media trained or not. I think we'll be seeing her in Paradise. I have yes, he's gonna do awesome actually cry a lot. Yes, that'll be her. I'm calling it. Now her promo teaser is going to be with tissues. No, I'm not on the beach. Are you serious? They're not letting champagne bottles go like she's done for ya and embarrassing even think of that or me should cry into a champagne pop, you know, it's racism or the market that has You Know lesson. Okay, let's talk about I guess now we have to talk about these women fighting right? We haven't talked about that yet. Tammy doubled down on villain tonight. And I don't think it was a good idea. I got a hot take on Tammy. Yeah. Okay. I think Tammy is a really cool. Nice person. I really do I think Tammy I think if you want to talk if we can talk talk top to Tammy and Kelly I think are the real is girls there. I like Tammy's natural reactions. Like what are you talking about? I think a lot of the other girls are very pageant eyes as we call them and have these I'm going to give the most perfect answer that's going to get a lot of Applause from the crowd and he's like no yo Bubba Bubba Bubba, that's what I think. I think she's a real real real person. And I think she's cool. I only laugh a couple times. I will say I don't agree with everything that she said by far because they she's been real extra with it. But that's my piece. That's about say, I think she's one of your friends who does keep it real. Is funny like finding a big group but seems kind of mean I know no one of the chats going to believe or agree with me. I get it. She made me laugh a couple times, but she seems kind of mean. Yeah, I mean she was coming off a little me. It's just like you said everybody that night probably was coming in with the game plan to undo a lot of what they did, right. It was such a stark contrast from her being like nah, right, you know just standing in her turn because I just see I just see other people like we all need to get along and just be so amazing. It's like what we Talking about you're not being real right now. I'm not sure my gut. Yeah, she could I mean I think she should have owned up to like she definitely said that she didn't call her an alcoholic again. And I remember that pissed me off. I'm like you definitely did. She know she didn't but she keeps trying to get around this by saying I saw you have alcoholic tendency. It's the same thing right? She's trying to get away with this type of mentality. It's come on. I don't think I'll a necessarily looks better after tonight. She tried but like the girls wouldn't let her speak of the she looked worse either. She kind of went to me. She was kind of a non-participant. Yeah in the chat who you guys thought really changed their opinion letter to you. Yeah, you know what helped was I think when she like leaned into the bullying segment and like oh, but the irony and I don't know I reported on this people say that she was vicious in high school. Yeah. That's right. Yeah, which again I'm not going to try to graft a narrative on someone. I don't necessarily know. We're just reporting this. Tough but this isn't the group of women that should be standing on a pedestal decrying bullying for America. But let's also wanted to be an example for women after her and I was like, yeah, let's up. A lot of people say a lot of dumb stuff in high school and middle school. It's true. That is very different than City. People are DM saying, yeah, thank you. It's custom stuff. You know what? I mean? Like, I got bullied in high school. I surely said dumb stuff to other kids making fun of them in high school for sure right kids are kids. I feel like the message tonight was is different and maybe she was like, you know crummy girl in high school or whatever like that. I never thought Sydney came out very bad throughout the taping. I don't think I mean just that one night with Tammy though. I was like she didn't snap. How is that girl came out but then again, you know you poke the Beast. Yeah, you know, we only have a couple minutes we have to talk about this news. Let's go right now. I know what's happened to the show. Well the biggest news of the Today we started right off on Good Morning America with the next Bachelorette being announced and it's none other than Claire Crawley. Where is it? Was it an evil eye. I actually really excited about this. I don't know how you guys feel of it. I'm headed to I'm intrigued. Yeah. I know there was a lot of Talk Amongst Bachelor nation and our and on our panel as well about not really liking this crop of girls wanting the show to kind of take a more mature turn get back to the love and marriage and what it's all about. So, I guess you know the ABC was to cast someone who is older Claire is 30 years old. This will be her fifth stint on The Bachelorette. She was first on Juan Pablos season then went on Bachelor in Paradise twice. And then again on Bachelor Winter Games where she got engaged Benoit that obviously didn't work out but he did send her a tweet of support earlier today post Instagram Instagram post. So it seems like he's supportive of it bachelor Nation seemed supportive of it myself being a 27 year old woman. She doesn't relate to me as much but I am excited to see her journey on. I'm very excited. I was very surprised because this breaks the chain of at least Christine will correct me the last four people maybe being a prior contestant or something maybe four or five. It's been it's been a decent amount of Seasons right where they've already they've been on the previous season. Oh like just like the one right before right. So they're like jumping so I like this kind of throwback. I really like the cheese. It's so embarrassing to call 38 older that she for bachelor Nation. She's a little bit older. I love it. She's beautiful. She's got her stuff together. She knows what she wants and it's going to definitely bring a different kind of angle to the show. I'm excited to see that a little bit more intellectual version of the show. Maybe not as much a I mean it's dudes. But yeah, not as much as the cattiness and stuff going on. Totally. I agree with everything you guys just said the other news that we definitely want to make sure we address is our hearts go out to Tyler Cameron today. Yes. Yeah, unfortunately his mother passed away over the weekend and we really just want to send our condolences to Tyler. We love him on the show. Oh and it's just it's really sad to hear that news. She apparently was doing very she wasn't doing very well. Tyler tweeted out asking for prayers from Bachelor Nation on Friday. And then over the weekend his mom and fortunately past. Oh man, he's had a tough parent stuff. His dad was sick while he was filming the baddest, right? You know, he's just had a really rough go and for someone who does a lot with ABC Food Tours who seems like a genuinely good guy who's giving back and using his platform for good. It's like I want to see him win and I'm hurt for him that he's going through this very big. A loss. Well, we're out of time. But as we make our way out Christine, I do just want to hear this theory that you mentioned based on the trailer. Yeah, as a prediction it might be so far off, but I think it's actually Hannah and who gets fed up with Peter. She's the one who leaves and he's just upset that he could hurt someone who was so pure hearted. I see really loved him. That's a good point. But in the end he picks Madison. I don't think it's because I think we're being teased to believe that Madison walked out and chases after her the big thing. It's got me is that apology now from the preview? Yeah, how much he a pot? Like what is he apologizing for? Because it's not right after the rose ceremony. My initial thought was and this is unfortunate right after we said the Tyler news was it something happened back home and someone's gotta leave like they gotta go like that was what I was seeing him. Like I'm so sorry that this that they had to self and get yeah. I don't know. That was my weird gut when we saw that apology thing. What do you think? Well, I'll be fast the it's there's no way but the the pregnancy Mary have you heard about this? What's that that like he got your EF? Well, that would be too soon in terms of production. But like I don't know oh off show completely off show or on show but like weeks before there's probably no way but the way it's edited beater. Can you imagine if we know he just peed in his pants so we gotta get out of here y'all thank you so much for tuning into the bat-trap show here on AfterBuzz TV. My name is Jeff Graham. I will be talking about the bachelor again tomorrow morning. So make sure you kid on the AfterBuzz TV. Howdy channel for that Christian side here and you guys I will be writing about the bachelor tomorrow morning for presents and.com. So check that out. And in the meantime, you can keep up with me Christine Alexis on Instagram at Christine. I Alexis guys. Thanks so much for joining us in the chat. Can you shake him Heather fits Rachel Merida Shanice Kimberly J night Rachel marriage a job Sierra Heather CCC game our faith. My name is Mike feeling. I'll be listening to Jeff and reading Christine tomorrow morning 5 you ever at my feeling go be nice to each other. I love it my God. Who knows would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz TV. Remember? We're not just the first were the biggest in the world and were the only destination for all your favorite TV shows whatever you crave. We've got it. So go to AfterBuzz tv.com will check out our lineup Buzz see you later views expressed herein are those of the host only you do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners are principles.