I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like all right, for sure to follow up on that. That's all you gotta say, man. So we do you know, my name is Tanya. I play guitar. You can find me at recoil punks. There we go. I did if you guys want to plug your personal accounts, you can and nobody wants to hear about me. Well end it off with Ziggy Ziggy. I'm the bases are equal punxsy. All right for sure. So in case you didn't catch that they are at recoil punks and cool. Alright, we got the plugs out of the way. You guys have an album out right now 101 a polka party. So there is that K. Is there anywhere we can find that or is that just that the local shops? Yo, you can find it on our YouTube page. That would also be a tree hole punks, but you can also find out band camp and I believe SoundCloud as well, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah Tanya Tanya is normally controls all that. She's she's the one To par with everything when it comes to Media so sure to be specific. I would ask her Tiny's our media manager. No. Okay. That's I just manager profile General. She just Smiles. She's just like yeah, you know social media Queen no big deal. No big deal and she writes all the songs to so I don't know what she needs us. She had extra arms a few of you guys wouldn't be here. Oh, that's awesome. Alright, so let's get into the first questions man. How did you guys how did you guys form That's mighty good question. I start I start off back in 2016. I just don't know what hit me but somewhere around my birthday. I decided to say hey, I want to start paying you. I wanted something my life. All right, and yeah first person with my life true, I feel that I first the first person I came to was it was like one of my biggest influences, which is my own drummer dirty, Eric. And I came out to him and told him I asked him I didn't tell him anything at Southland malli. I want to join a band, you know, like I really really want to join a band. I want to sing. I told him I want to sing. He's like you serious. She's like, yeah next, you know, I pick him up and gives me the go-ahead to recommendations to you know, ask to other people and that's what I that's what I did. Yeah and a little by little so we just built up record and are are these guys included in the two people you asked? Yes, Ziggy Ziggy is but initially initially Tanya didn't come until last year. Target Tanya is new new but so she's the newest addition. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's how I came in two years ago two years. I was 17. That was Tanya. Oh, she was always there though. Not the new guy anymore. Here's the interesting part about it. Tanya Tanya always covered for our old guitarist and she's always been there. She never wants it. Isn't it never felt like she wasn't already already part of it. All right, so she covered it for us and plenty of shows how even our first backyard show it was pretty cool. Damn. So she was Yeah. Yeah, she was already a part of it even though the even though she wasn't official member. Yeah, it always showed up to our practices. Learn our songs. That's awesome. One of a kind. I have another band at the time. It was like an indie band. So then we were playing so they were like, oh you already have a guitar like Dolly? Oh, you have a guitar we need to get our is yeah bada boom bada be true. Damn. I had a question. I was gonna ask but I forgot it. Um, yeah. So you said you've been in the band for three years? So overall how long have you guys been doing this since 2016 3 or 4 years 16 well doing this in the music in general or the this is bad this specific band. Oh, yeah, 2016 2016 and what about music in general? Oh see, I would start off start at go with these two right here. I played you guys have been here longer not in this like I played in a punk band in high school. And then we are caught the high nylons. We're all girls. So I thought it was a bug. That's awesome. But at the same time he was also in a punk band in high school. They're called Jerry Rebels. They're all boys at the boys club in the Girls Club our brother sister. Yeah. Oh shit. Okay. Yeah makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, so you guys have always so you guys did you who got who was into music first because one of you guys had to have gotten the other into Punk right now, actually I think at the same time. Yeah kind of yeah. Well, she's two years older than me like, okay, that's a yes. So we're you showing him the ropes. But I played guitar and then he really want to play drums. So I kind of worked. Okay, so he was like, I'll play drums and as I don't play guitar, so I was like, he would play drums. I play guitar. So we were playing since we're like, I think you were 11 years like 11 or 12. Damn. I doubt it golly. So you guys are you guys are really tight when you guys play then? Yes been playing that long. Yeah Lee that's insane. That's awesome. Hell yeah. So since 2016 since you were 11 since you were how Old like 12 13 12. Yeah, I told were you I when you first started first started and high school to jam like a jamming out band that was like building up but I'm okay. I was never I was never able to make anything like I was ever going to be able to go practice when I should and I always miss that couldn't play any of the show's to be honest. So I never worked out for me for me. I never worked out but that was in high school. I was like my sophomore year that was years ago. That's actually wrong when I started to 2010-12. 2009 or something? Yeah, it's all here. So yeah, that was my first time initially like joining a band but I never really joined. I never really made the cut but up until I started my band or this band I should say. That's when that's when I started taking a serious and now here we are. Oh, that's awesome. What about yourself Ziggy? I started playing guitar when I was like six. Oh golly. I kept myself though. Like I didn't really I got asked to play for bands while I wish I and then he asked me and he's like my play bass. I don't know how I'm down. Oh, man. That's high. Learn it. Got to learn truth. Truth is cool. That's surprisingly common of a story. Like I have another another friend. He's like, yeah, you know, I was just I know how to play guitar and then they were like you want to play bass. I was like, I don't know how but yeah, I'll learn and it's works. Yeah, it works surprisingly enough. That's awesome. And you guys have been in it for a while all of you. That's crazy, man. See we're about in at the same time and I okay. Yeah, I have it. I don't practice as much as I should either. So I feel you on that one. You know, I don't practice by practice as much as I could I pick up. Well, I would never you know that feeling I don't mean to say you don't practice but no feeling you know, like you always need to feel like you need to practice more and yeah, if you get an eight-hour session, you're like fuck it wasn't enough but I mean for someone who's busy all day like yeah, I'll go to work I go to school, you know, and of course we got this band. We got also own lives outside of this and we gotta get our family would have you it's like just a juggling Akbar exactly, so just understand that everybody does around. You know, like I just wish you know, like I was I would be able to carry guitar on me more often like it like a little pocket thing kind of things. Like they have they have scaled down guitars. I mean, I'm not going to buy one just for that but they had but they'll break it you'll break it but I've seen that they have like I guess they're like meant for Tory or something just as just something to carry around, you know, people get bored for exactly that reason. Yeah. So yeah, I think you Answered this a little bit earlier, but you said you were so the question is. Why did you form a band you said? Yeah, but did you answer that? Do you feel like you answer that? Would you like to elaborate not a specific detail? Hmm. Um, my greatest influences were like I said, well my drummer dirty Eric and dirty Eric ha ha and although there is the reason we call him. I just said yeah, there's a story behind that to this story behind all these days but uh, Aside from him was also have a cousin isn't he was in a band back in the day called the fight the fire? Yeah and the fight and District divided and though he was also a big a big influence on me, but he I never hung out with my cousin I hung out with him. So the second he took me into the group of friends and took me to his band practice of my first show. Yeah. He did all that for me. So it's like when iI you know, I hit my birthday. In 2016. I'm like, you know, I want to do something. I want to really do something like musically and that's what I love and he was the first person that he's the one that came I went to and he was a person that gave me all this. I'm not gonna lie. That's awesome. If I could add to that toothpick was always the first one in the pit to like, you know, he felt the music he was all about it. He would always go up and sing with the band. So he was just about matter time. He was always the first like in the mosh pit. He wouldn't give up for like three bands straight just like yeah. Yeah, so it wasn't Or when not if yeah, yeah, basically the music's there, you know. Yeah, that's true. You may as well do something with you. That's funny. Well, that's all that's awesome, man. Let's see so What let me see. How would you let's let's go with that because I've been listening to you to the one on a pogo Party album and it's the way I would describe it as just like old-school Punk and my question to you guys is how would you how would you guys personally describe your sound and I want to start with Ziggy since you've been so quiet over there. I have no idea and we just us we play the way we play. That's right. All right. I mean I guess we just go for the punk style. So just a punk but nothing nothing specific not old school. No modern. Oh like no leaning towards like a specific band. You guys are just you just whatever comes out. Yeah, right on II could take that. I mean that's that's the way I play truant room. I you get away with this one. I'll get the I'll get some more out of you next time. Yeah. Give me a sec. Give me a minute. I'm sure we'll let you get comfortable for sure a little chunk here and there. Yeah. All right, Tanya how Would you describe the song? I think I like the guitars and bass is really Pogo, like or some of them are faster. So it's like a little street, but that's overall like we all have a lot of different influences. So he likes like oldies and Brett and Scott and reggae alright, and so hip hop and I like metal and punk and like pretty much everything in between. Eric's like plug straight up punk. Just punk. I mean, well, I like music too. But mostly most Humane. Yeah your main squeeze this Punk. Yeah, I could take that and then toothpicks also into the oldies like we all love all these two. Oh, yeah. All these is kind of like a Mainstay. That's just like everyone everyone's assumed to like, yeah. This is your in La you liked all these exactly exactly. That's what's up. What about yourself Eric? How would you how would you describe the sound describe the sound? Yeah. I was a load. I will describe it as like kind of like bouncing, you know, always like positive energy, you know fucking easy. You going just like just just Good Vibes and shit, you know, that's how it kind of describe the sound but I mean, you know, I mean it's like the way you know, because I like a lot of like 90s Punk or like punk from like the 70s. All right. Yeah. It's a really old school Pony old school type of shit. So, you know, that's why I you know, when we write songs I try to make it like not exactly a hundred percent like that. But like that would like a certain but you're always going to follow your influence. Yeah, you know, that's like I guess like my main influences. Yeah. All right, and that's that's really the vibe that I get out of it is just really Old school just like quick in-your-face. We're here to fucking blast your ears out and dip out in like two minutes. Yeah and move on to the next thing, you know, we're on to the next to destroy something else. You know, what about yourself? Toothpick to me? It sounds fun. And even if it's like a like a you know, we have like a song it's pretty deep but even then it's like it sounds fun. And to me when I hear fun. I hear Pogo I hear all I hear I hear what I love, you know, and Teachers around you know, it's Pogo a band know like what is that? Like, I love pie I would I would consider because she said that she said Pogo to I was like hmm. I don't know but then you you said it again. So I was like I was it must be a word. It must be like a term or something. I would consider the genre at this point. I Jonna I would consider it. Is it like really bouncy Punk? Yeah, do they play like slap bass on it or not? No, no. No, but is there Eric? About to come out with that album that year is right. Now Primus cover Pogo style. We're actually on our next album coming out in two weeks our EP all you have enough more pogie. I think it's more Pogo you so it's pretty cool more Pogo even of in this one. Yeah and also songs, that's awesome. And you guys are style is really bouncy. Like I've been I listen to it when I when I skate I just started learning how to skate. So I'll just like go out and go to the skate park and I listened to it and like When I listened to it, like I realized why they had Punk and Tony Hawk's Pro Skater. Yeah, like because it's so it's so driving like it just gets you in the mood. It's so bouncy and like it just gets you going and like you guys said it's fun Good Vibes like it's awesome. And and I I just call it like old-school Punk just because I don't I don't know subgenres to so, you know, that's a big ass tree. I don't blame me on that exactly. So that's that's why I like to ask personally because everyone everyone has their own band, you know, Ziggy doesn't really he just calls it, you know, just whatever music Whereas she calls him more Pogo and we got the old school, you know, so everyone's got a wide a wide variety of Music variety of music and way to describe this, right? Yeah. So what is what is your guys's creative process like because this is really like chaotic music and it's just really fast and it's really like you guys go through a lot in like a minute 50 Min and a half two minutes. So what is your guys as creative process? Like how do you guys say? Start off writing a song. Well two minutes is a goal for us difficult difficult time writing a song. So after I really sit there for a couple hours and like put your mind to it. Yes, because the way I was taught Eric rhythm And vocals and then our lyrics I should say. Okay who you can go pick up a Guitar. He's it doesn't matter bass guitar actual guitar, you know makeup me put something out there strum strum strings and then you split so writing rough draft of what you want to say. Not and just follow the melody and then and then from there you can fine-tune it. Yeah exactly this it's rough draft. So you feeling you find to whatever you need to do and you go about that way that's don't make it more difficult than it has to be exactly and and that's what I do. I have that bad habit of Like overthinking everything everything everything. Yeah. Yeah, so I'll go to my one and only you know, yeah, that's already Eric over here. No, no, but also I just realized oh my God, she knows how to write. She's been right. He does most of our songs lately and ever since she officially joined the band as it's been poppy. It's been real Poppy and fun fun. That's all of it. I really have been a lot of words to and all the way. A lot of Rapid. Yeah, that's true. That's awesome. So you're going to be a bigger force on the new album coming up a bigger writing Force rather show it is she already was ain't almost all of them. Yeah, I would say so because because it was hangover. Yeah, I wrote that one single egg on the attack skate song ask aii, the whole album. Yeah. There's all new album is her like yeah. So yeah, so this one now, that's all fine. And then the next one to like, so we're going to put out of aluminum We're working on another one. That's awesome. That's what I like to hear. That's fucking awesome. When do you guys have an ETA on that one dropping or the our furnace first one coming out to week? 16 March 14th. Alright, March 14th. What's the name of the EP coming up? Can we say it? Yeah, exclusive. That's awesome. It seems like they were saying it's called. This one's called Changi leg and I wrote it about my coworker because Who called off work for two days because he had was it called of English. Oh cramp a Crouch. That was that was it two days required days, right? So I'm explaining to him. I was like, dude, we all get leg cramps like I drink and then the morning I had a hangover. I got this leg cramp. I'm gonna I wake up and I start walking and it goes way. He's like no no Tony you don't understand it hurt. I'm going to write a song about you. He gave me the okay. He just says he wants royalties and if we ever make any money, I'll give you fucking whatever you want. How did that come along? Like did you just walk up like a I'm a make up a song about like you taking two days off for a fucking crap. Pretty much. I'm pretty sure it pissed her off. I'm like I'm like I need to show up. You know, the only reason I wouldn't go to work. Which is bad because sometimes you need that, you know mental days like today, you know, take care of yourself, but I'm always like no I was just a crap. Yeah, so, you know walking like you said walk it off walk it off like some saltwater. So basically the songs about what I think his no no, but tell other people do as I say not as I do, I'm sorry you're saying so now it's like I wrote the song in his perspective. What I assumed was what happened so, you know, he woke up. Songs about him like through his eyes and it's so ridiculous to me that that's why I like we had to make it really bouncy and it's probably our shortest song like 58 seconds. Oh my goodness a minute. Yeah, that's a minute. Yeah. I need to hear this. That's awesome. You will 14th 14th the 14th, and then the other song one of them is called on the attack and it's like I had I had suffered in my youth and in my early 20s a lot of anxiety, but now I can laugh about it because like, you know, I learned to cope through my own like research. Online and like alternative Eastern medicine. I think you getting really drunk. No, that's the Western was a little bit of hallucinogens expand your mind. That really helps me a lot. They're doing scientific studies that micro. Joseon LSD could help with anxiety. I'm not telling her not to do it. I'm just saying no. Yeah. Don't go south. Just don't go south of yeah. You don't want to go to the pan. The way down to Mexico in a video was a Vsauce he was doing that whole shamanic ritual Jesus. Yeah. It was it was insane. They have you like for a whole hour or something beforehand you have to prepare and like you have to get into the right mindset and they have a shaman like sitting there blessing the are getting all the bad spirits afterward and you're just sitting there in like a bean bag chair. Just watching him do the whole ritual beforehand. It's That's crazy. It's crazy a that I want to do it. I want to do it like that because that's doing it right Rose that's like paying respect to the to the plant itself or to the drug itself. You really Shaman though like with anything. So then that one it's like kind of it's talking about like what up, like some of my episodes like the lyrics have like parts of it that like one of them was fucking funny. Like I think I was drunk and he told his girlfriend Ruthie go take her to her room. And that's all she took me into my room and I was like freaking out and she left, right? Oh, so she just loved her not to turn off the light and my brothers like did you put her in bed? And she's like she's a grown-ass. Why did because I was there for an hour standing like just Frozen like thinking over thinking you just stuck in that's all I could poke fun at myself now like yeah, but now that now that now that you've gone through it you can laugh. Yeah, it's actually so that's on the attack and then one of them to skate song like about Because I hear his stories Ziggy go skating a lot. Like they go through it up different spots and some as always you can have one too. Sorry. Sorry go on and talking to be recording guards like always like beer Rune is like chasing them out away and stuff and probably yeah, so that songs about that and then it's really catchy. I personally never like done any cool tricks on this. She just like finger like she just did like take that tricks on you, huh? Daniel into a car And then I don't I think I hit the cut and I went through the sidewalk when he went flat likes. I guess she realized she wasn't parallel and as though she's just fucking so she wouldn't realize she would have just kept manually. That's awesome. So the name right? So this is song Sorry. I forgot the question. The songs are all about like anxiety, you know being sick like Pro calling off work. Work getting drunk having hangovers and stuff. So the thought the title is why are we like this? Well, we had a difficult time figuring out the name of that. It's not easy for your own the name of the album to have all these different kinds of mixtures of song. Yeah and different meanings in the song true. I mean cuz you know can normally right we would just be like, oh we were just named the demo or whatever after a song hmm, you know, we have another one called like poker nights and stuff. That's like one of the songs or you know, but it's like it was kind of hard to choose because it was like different, you know different types different different different. Fives from all the all the all the different songs man. That's interesting. That's why are we like this? I yeah, so why make it a statement? Not a question. Yeah. That's true. That's very true a but the but some are some are the that makes you question. It's a great art, you know, that is true that came out terribly wrong. It sounded so much better in my head. We're gonna move on to the next one - Ximena. Yeah makes a question. It's a good fucking art. You know, that's true man. It is true. I'm over here. Hidden Mike's and everything man. So this this is a question that you kind of brought up talking about anxiety. But have you guys ever dealt with performance anxiety and I'm again start with Ziggy on this one since you're so quiet over there bro. It's my anxiety not I think once we were playing a backyard it was cracking. I was like our first backyard show and I forgot where but I just got nervous as fuck. I don't know why I like I was cool drinking I was And then I was like, oh shit. We're about to play it. Just hit me fuck then. I got up there and I was like, all right. I was gone. I like I was scared as fuck. Don't know why. Yeah. I don't remember this. He had a difficult time starting off 40. Oz bounce. I remember that I don't yeah. Yeah. It was one of our songs. He's like, I love you brought this. Oh, I remember this, you know, so the second you started playing it just yes. I felt cool. I felt I felt at home. That's awesome. That's that's amazing. That's the best-case scenario right there. That's awesome. That's enough. Some story Bros. What about yourself? Tanya said to bring up anxiety. Do you had all the time every time you get on stage? I don't know just at this point is pretty like he said pretty comfortable like you feel at home. Like you're having fun. We that's we all love each other like we're all like really cool friend. So yeah, if we ever like fuck up, it's me talk. It's all of you know, like like a shit do it again. I'm like, all right kids, but the one time I was nervous is because we were in Ventura there was earthquake. I remember that. Yeah, I was in the bathroom and I was I'm gonna die right here number one fears to diet like and they're gonna pull out my body like this bitch. Can you pull up and that's a whole another story though? I'd be I'd be fucking terrified to even if I wasn't playing that's a whole nother. I'm Good with that know when that should happen. I thought I was just hitting drunkness. I'm like, all right, one beer. All right. It's a good night. I hard but I like it. I like it here. Driver get anxiety playing performance anxiety. Yeah farmington's I either before during at you ever gotten too high. Maybe nah. No, I don't think I mean maybe like when I first started playing but I was like when I was like 13, okay. Yeah, that's normal. Yeah, but I mean, you know because like my mom about get more anxiety about like my mom picking us up afterwards because we're all fucking bad-ass kids. How am I gonna explain this? Three guys, come back with like seven of alcohol. Hey, Mom. Can you take my friend's home? Thanks, shoutout to our flowers lady and little into the driveway finally and I'm sitting in the front the whole time just like fucking like she ever ask your he was drinking. No she did. She didn't ask questions. You don't want the answer to roast. That's smart. I do the same thing was the silent treatment not by me performing and tsunami. Yeah. I mean I would get like To mild-mannered played some pretty big show. So I mean it was like kind of like oh shit, like, you know, we're kind of like going somewhere kind of doing something with this. Alright, it's kind of cool and shit, but I'll just like we fuck this up. Yeah. Yeah, that's always in the back of your head. But I mean, you know, it doesn't really happen anymore. I mean, I'll get it for a little bit mmm. But I mean what this band I don't you know, we fuck up. Fuck it. Whatever we fuck up. That's right. You know you guys I like that that you guys all have that Vibe. It's really Punk. Like I sound a sound do she saying that but like But you're spot-on that it's not just you know, but like when it came out I realized what I sounded like I feel weird now, but it's you guys have that really Punk attitude, you know, like even even in your bio you guys are just like man, we're just a bunch of people want to get together to get drunk and have fun, you know, and I like that, you know, you guys like you just said you fuck up. Hey, whatever do it again or just keep going. Yeah by me because I feel like you know because at the end of the day only you realize you fucked up like everybody else like doesn't really fucking catch it. You know, that's just like Really know the song. Yeah, they're sitting there analyzing your finger placement and everything. Yeah. I mean that's also kind of like nothing that sitting back like well, maybe nobody heard it and then someone's a you fucked up like a bitch or I'll get better next time next time. You won't catch it. Yeah, but you know, I mean what's time just like that? But all right. That's what's up. I could dig that man. What about yourself? Toothpick you ever deal with performance anxiety sometimes not too bad. But yeah. Yeah. No I get nervous. I started drinking I start shaking like really really shaky. But not once I'm up there and what I just I just kind of say fuck it fuck it. Fuck the world. Fuck everybody for everything. Like he's kind of like have to tell yourself that sometimes she's actually a get out there and actually do something. It's like another words fight your fucking fears. Yeah, just by selecting fears. No fucks given you only got One Life to Live fucking go do it. Even if it's an embarrassing moment for the rest of your life that you live down. Just go fucking do it. Fuck. Yeah just because you never know what you're gonna get at the end of the day at the end of the night and up being always good why I always feel proud of myself, and it's all thanks to My friends and family. That's awesome, man. I love that ad lib Rose. So yeah, that's a man that's like a really positive Punk attitude man. Like it's like no fucks given is like whether it be positive or negative. Just don't give a fuck. Yeah. Hell yeah. I love that you guys do you guys live that lifestyle like you guys say and you guys live it? That's what's up man. That's that's that's awesome. And what and also we pay our bills on time. Yeah. Just don't give a fuck this bitch, but I don't give a fuck. Watching him. Sometimes I help out like taking pictures or whatever like his video 50 what is called videographer? Yeah, but there always are Ricky with our rhetoric me shall be loved it. Ricky Ricky Ricky. Okay. So last is his is his Instagram handle last natives will be no we're talking about the different Ricky X Ricky damage X. I think something like that. All right, like he's always like before he does a trick, you know, everyone has like positive vibes like you got this you like everybody else, you know, if he had Any doubt in his mind, he might miss those Seven Stairs, you know, yeah, he has to have that PMA like it's really important DME the positive mental attitude. That's why I'm glad I'm not alone. Yeah, absolutely. That's that's that is absolutely true. Because I found the same. Like I said, I just started skating. I'm only I'm like my second week, but you I mean he say yes, just thought yeah, I'm just starting. I'm not like I've been pushing longboard but I just started learning how to like do tricks and I like like she said the whole, you know, the whole tactic the whole take things. You already beat me bro. You already been I picked it up and let it go. Hey, I'm thinking about letting go to man. I don't know. No you see your farts are gone now at this point. Yeah, but your guys's music like it gives me that positiveness, you know, like I get lost in the song and I honestly do feel like I'm playing fucking Pro Skater bro, like the music puts me in that headspace, you know, like it puts me in that positive headspace of like I can do this like like I got its and if not then a just get up get on your Even try it again, you know just like it just brings that positivity. So you guys like I said you guys talking you guys live it man. I love that. I love that. The next question that I had was somewhere. What do you guys what do you guys enjoy most about being musicians? Because I know besides by one first. Yeah. Yeah, let's start with you. Let's start Ziggy sorrow me. I don't know like that. We get a fucking but he's off in time together on me relax. Now that now that the spotlights on him. He's like, yeah, you know, it's no big deal, you know, whatever we play. We get a play I shows and like sometimes it's just fun. It's cracking then to do it with them is really cool. That's all me. So share that moment fun. Yeah. I like that. I like that man. That's all. Manuel your man of few words man. I think they're deep when they come out. So yeah true. What about yourself Tanya? What do you love most about being a musician? The thinking poke ya know like I like playing shows for sure. I like writing music. Probably just a little bit more maybe maybe because I always have ideas. Like he said I got a lot of sick but playing shows as fun as fuck true. Seeing the people like like just listening to us like enjoying us like if there's a pit if there's only one guy there I don't care like yeah, he's like that one guys digging again. You know, like I'm making us feel like it's fun. It's right to have people enjoy listening to what we're making like it always brings a tear to my eye like, oh, you're like us like, that's cool. I like people that give us advice or like oh, you know, you should try this and like Alison like it's really cool, especially like all the friends we made along the way that's also like one of my favorite things like going to other shows like supporting bands that I never even heard of before. Yeah. Dang. You guys came all the way from like, you know LA from Canada oh from Kennedy. There was a band that came from Japan dang. So yeah, really meeting different people and like one thing you know you have in common is that you really have this like the punk, you know like this that's really like you really you don't have to question whether or not there's a friendship there, you know, because it's like you already have that camaraderie that you guys are musicians. You guys are punks you guys have yeah and people like tell me like, oh, you know, I want to play bass on my do it, you know, like hell. Yeah talk to me all the time. Like I think Fighting a battle like you should do it. Hmm, and I'm like you could we always tell them that you could go to our practice borrow our stuff like, you know, she'll what's up. Yeah, you got to give back. That's that's awesome. You guys already giving back and supporting whatever you can and encouraging that's the best part is that you're encouraging your not like, you know, it might you might not you it's going to be difficult. Not fuck it. Just do it. Don't you want to see like young kids and they're so angry. I'm like, hey, I'm still angry, but I don't wanna borrow this CD right quick. I got just the thing my feet. I feel you never know. That's awesome. But that that's not that's an awesome. Answer. What about yourself? Eric? What do you what do you love most? Is it the shows as well to being a musician? Yeah. I mean the, you know, the shows are the shows are fun. You know, it's a good perk, you know, you get to go play you got to go into different bars and shit for free, you know. Yeah drink beer. This is sometimes for free. Sometimes I found that out man. You guys don't always get drink tickets and then the shit is that Like a little little like punks. Yeah, they'll regret that. There's nothing to do with them. There's nothing new there man, but that's a bullshit man. If you guys are gonna be there at least give you one drink goddamn. No, no some some bars lazy. Yeah. I don't know. I feel like I've been doing it for so long, but I don't know what the fuck outside to be doing. You know? Yeah, like if I wasn't doing this, I don't know where the fuck I to be, you know, so yeah, that's what so you're already too far gone to do anything else man. That's awesome. Yeah, I mean what could yeah, like I've been playing show style like 13, you know, I'm B27. I'm fucking Thursday. Hey happy am yes. Thanks bro. I mean it's just you know, or just like meeting new people and shit like, you know, just don't support and stuff. You know, like I know like before like before we had time. Tanya we used to suck dick dude. Appreciate that. It just I don't know for what I feel like I'm like our first recordings kind of didn't really do it justice. Hmm. So just kind of looks like half-assed and shit. I like when we play live it would sound good but then like you, you know, you're like, oh here's a demo check us out and it was kind of like craps not the same energy that there is in the studio. That's true. I feel that but um, yeah, you know, I mean like, you know, even though I used to suck ass in the beginning, you know, nobody's like hey you guys fucking suck, you know, you should give it up. Yeah, like well like the vicarage maybe to get those words back. Oh, that's awesome, man. Hey, yeah, I mean, you know just that you like just that you don't like, you know, like other fucking musicians are always like hey man, keep it up. You guys sound sick as fuck. Hey, I like the song or you know, could we do the same thing to other people to a man? That's just cool how the fuck do that thing with the thing, you know that they are you all right because like look at the wrist. Yeah. Then just kind of just make friends Network. Yeah, because I found when you go to shows like I'll go to shows just to like just to see bands and next thing. You know, I'm talking, you know, I'm talking with this person and he knows a band and the this is of the band knows another band that I talk to and they just know everyone everyone knows each other, you know and fuck. I forgot who it was I was talking to this band and there they saw Bill simbop on my my Jack and they're like, oh, you know, you should check this other band out there. There's this other local band that you would like and everyone's just always encouraging and just trying to promote everyone else, you know, it's not like, you know know if you are fuck you. I'm not my music only don't listen to this band. Everyone's always like check them out. Check this out. You should go here. You should go there and that. Yeah, that's what's up. I like that. I've noticed that shows two man. That's awesome. What about yourself? A toothpick will finish off with you with this question. What do you love the most about being a musician? That's a hard one. I mean, I got introduced to it in high school and generally firsthand and none of my family ever played instruments or anything like that. I was the first one to pick up a Guitar. All right. Thank you Mama for buying me one, you know, this is buy me a guitar small little piece of shit. But hey, it was a fucking guitar it got you playing manifold on that beings and all I know you still have it. No, I think broke on me. He broke on me and a friend try to try to fix it was No, go. Yeah. That's okay. Now, it's cool with did it. It did me wonders. That's right. I was ready. We got you ain't got you where you needed to go. Exactly exactly. So since I did get introduced to it, it was hard for me to leave it because I never left my side like ever since then that and then I picked it up at night grade. I picked up a Guitar ninth grade. And yeah ever since then it every time I would have liked brakes are like I would drop it it wouldn't it would feel a natural. Yeah, it would be more natural gas. And yeah, I would want to pick it up and then Why go see live bands like like 30 Arabic with the name is Gary from here from 30 Rebels. He was then dirty Rebels and that's how he influenced me was through that ban and amongst others. He was also in a Ska band come with catfish. Most - yeah. He just jumped into bed into life. He was like, I was there. Yeah. Yeah. No it was it was a lot of a lot of influences that I had and ya know like I said the best part I love about it is the fact that once you pick it up it you as much as you love it and it's just hard to let go you just can't let go you can't chew his something that once you're in it it just sticks with your dick Latos like yeah just sticks with you for this alive you know if you let it go that's fine you know you to each has their own but this is some people they just love it and some more than others and some people just want to go buy this true yeah that's true yeah I take that man so how did you guys come up with the the band name recoil where does that come from this time too all of you out there but I remember the notebook now yeah alright so so basically like When the fuck was it? We were like product two months in and we didn't have like a band name. No, it was more than two months and it was like six months in and now we already did our first EP or oh nah. Nah now we have because we got the name, right? And then we're going to record bar like a guitar player so I can came and we were just like Susan, yeah. It's awesome. That was our original guitarist. Yeah and fucking um, we were just chilling at at the pad just fucking like drinking or whatever. I think we were practicing at the house, right? Probably I would like Frank's probably if I can what I ate for like we gotta like be serious. You gotta get a fucking name. So do we write down like a hundred names on this fucking notebook and just one by one just like hearing it out and also to like we're all like Google and Google it. It was fucking another bandsmen. Oh, yeah, that's trying to be a wriggly Champion like a You know like you can't be called like the drunks or something because there's probably like 50 bands. They were drunks are read loudly. Yeah, and then you try. Yeah, I understand that but that freaking fight you'll find a good name that you like. That is this is the one that's the one and then it's like two other bands that are like 50,000 followers. So yeah. Okay. All right never says thank the one someone beat us to yeah, so I mean, yeah, so we brought it down to like probably I want to say like two or three hmm, you know, one of them was gonna be working with call 40-ounce balance, but we ended up making that a song a song named. All right. All right, then. Yeah, and then for the other one and what the hell are you doing? Shit, I think. It was a long name. See he just got the Blake have no idea. It's still in the notebook. Yeah. Yeah, we got it. We got the brother help work with all the the hundreds 200 names. Yeah, that's awesome, bro. Yeah, so I mean, yeah, so a lot of those names we just ended up making them songs. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and the way I do we just talked to recall because I was just there was no fucking other band name recall. I think there was one way There's tool there's somebody on Spotify called recoil. Oh, but that's like an artist. All right, they're trying to be psychedelic. It's oh, yeah, that's it's like an old guy to hold back. Don't worry. Hey, man, he probably grew up in the Psychedelic age bro. It's all computer-generated. It's not common. Yeah account you'll I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt. There's like another band or something. Yeah after cover band that does we were going Hit him up to buy their Banner. Yeah. Yeah, what the hell of a nerve or like boil over like a little better to put behind the stage move and you don't exist no more. So they're thinking about their banners is that using anymore for all we know, you know, Andrew and to ensure they don't use it on right now have to get one. That would be like stylized with the like the exclamation mark. Yeah because that's that's that's that's easier to search for right because I heard of this band called waves, but they spell it with two v's. So when because if you Google wave, oh so BB Avi, that's the difficult thing about it too. Even when people try to search yourself, they put just put recoil. That's it. Then you go out and got these gun gun magazine exclamation points for better Google search. Yeah. Yeah to differentiate you differentiate you guys. I don't know I had difficulty with that my goodness. But yeah to make you guys stand out and that does work. It does it does work because it's To me. I was kind of rushing into I was like because I thought it was the OE to is it why is it just stylized? But yeah, it does stand out. That's another thing that we didn't mention is that that we wanted that alway in the name to answer those wanted like okay like what are we like? What do you want to shoot for like like how do we feel like, you know, what do you feel is this has been asking me about I'm like, well, we all agree that we all love Pogo oil think that's all we wanted. That's how we initially me and watch boy. So Pogo is like bouncy, but what's always what you say? Okay. I hear you guys chanting that I've heard that in like AC/DC to but is that is it like music or is it it's it's even a genre it is a Sunnah genres, but that John is more like slower like kind of like a rock and roll feel kind of more to it. You know. Yeah, you hear them saying or yeah, it has it has its own right? But but we will we wanted that in the name like that not He has that ya know so and recoiled it allows you to have it to have it in the name that you know. Yeah, so we kind of make sense. I recall, you know bounces back and forth. You know, that's that's funny that you that's a perfect segue because that's actually going into the into my next question which is is there a meaning behind to behind the band name so that kind of that kind of answered it right there, you know the recoil you want to bounce springy the Pogo nice of him. Yeah how we care. Like, you know how the band's carried itself like we didn't even Force anything. Like we all just grabbed our own influences and just kind of utilized it on anyone and we just this is the result. You know, that way nothing was forced at the ones was implemented is just write what you feel. You're out you feel you play with your what you want to play and the outcome is what you get. That's awesome, man. And hey and I love I love the result. It's a it's an amazing result. I just feel bad that I haven't listened to the your previous music. I dunno don't even bother. You're not missing that much, but I was the drowns. That's where you guys had played with it. I You got there and I was on my way walking out and I saw your CD there. I was like yes, I wanted to I wanted to grab something. You know, I don't know where the hell I was going there, but we'll move on to the next question. We'll start with Ziggy over here. What's the craziest thing that's ever happened at a show. Haha. I got a lot. So I got lots of you. I can't know all that. He's there now, he's there now. Yeah. I'm actually the one that's starting most of it. But yeah. All right. So, let's see. Let's see what you got. Taking our all right. Now. Let's see our first backyard show was in Wilmington. Oh she played and we were are like two songs in and sick-ass fight ha ha ha on our second song. It really broke Telemetry little and they broke a lemon tree. How big was it? It was pretty fully grown. It was like a full Orchard sow, They broke a six-foot fall. Yeah, but just Silverbacks fighting or what. I just remember I was playing and I see that the whole tree shake you see all tall and then I was like what the fun I look and there's a fight and I'm just playing so we're still playing. Yeah, you know, let's not the thorns and shit on them. Oh, yeah shoot for the guys that losses and you got to feel fucking thorns out. So what the hell is going through your mind when they're fighting like art? Because now are you thinking like fuck on the soundtrack to his ass whooping and then fucking we got Santa Ana we played in somebody's backyard that was exactly as fuck IM that it was cray was a small bit smaller than he was probably like this are a little smaller. It was packed as fuck packed and we're playing like in this little space just like Faithfully tended they had a beam right here and I'm playing and the pig are crazy. They knock me over three times. I fell to the floor plane and I got up and then stay fucking hit the beam in the roofs. Are they going down? I look above me and I'm like, oh Lord. I don't believe in you but like today's the day I'm gonna need you to hold this roof up real quick. Then we got Cucamonga - oh my goodness. They said fuck the house. Oh, yeah. Sure. Yeah, that's awesome. That was the first time we ever played an inside of a house in a kitchen in the kitchen a kitchen like it was the kitchen and the front room open and we were playing it was it a big was it? Oh, yeah backyard was fucking like block three times bigger than the house. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Does that also took it down to the craziness? Only after the wall drywall through the wall or just they made a whole lot of just do it broke through the first layer of drywall be kind of its kind of funny when you see somebody somebody's ass going so law first. Yeah. We're not an aggressive band. This is just what you guys do do whatever the fuck you want to do is true. You take it. However, you want to watch someone throw a while a you know, that's just the one you keep moving. It's amazing some of the crazy shit. Yeah, what about yourself? You have any you have any crazy stories in the insanity going on like I think was it wasn't when we were playing but we had played a carries paradigms. Yeah, this one kid. He kept bumping into people right? Like, you know, he's pitting he's like he's into this kids like a question like it's running through his veins. He would roll on the floor to as he was pitting and then he'd get up and he'd look at you and point at you and it's a lunge me. So he has like what a bunch of people throwing him like from wall to wall like a ping-pong ball. I just got my blah blah blah and he loved it and then he got it to our friends. Rancid. Yeah. He like they were fighting tackling each other on feel like Lord like God, he like got thrown into and he grabbed onto him for like a Silverback life. And then this would fucking rolling. For for like a minute dude with a just holding ought to let him go. Yeah rolling like rolling rolling rolling and then they would get up and just fucking boom straight back to the farm to start rolling. What I what the hell, you know, and I fed rancid, you know, he's did you see this at all? Yeah. All right. Yeah, and there were stairs and there was a piece of wood like barely barely gets up to save them. So if not, they're going down the stairs and I should have fucked them up. Yeah, that's that was stolen was pretty crazy. I'm a little sad that didn't have but it was good. And then also to add another show we played in Santa Ana that that was the night when the fucking roof almost fell on us know this like I guess this fucking girl was trying to kill herself and shit off the balcony. And so we played at a venue first schools. And and if I got halfway through the set to the set of the I'm sorry halfway through the show two bands at Plato's Decon and polish it and after after that band I play the restaurant decided to cut Because the fucking floor was wooden floor and you felt the waves every time it was a pit. That shit was fucked up that shit was fucked up floor like a collapse. It was blasted. Yeah, it was bad and terrible what's people jumping up and down and shit pogoing. I honestly think they lied though just in the show because They were throwing beer up in the air I'm saying yeah, probably not probably right? That's just probably this was house. And so they had like this fucking French doors that open up and show, you know, and then so yeah, some people were like get in the pit and fucking dude. It's a two brothers who fucking like ran on the ran into the door and he fucking broke that shit and she was like with his shoulder. No. No, that's not what happened in the pit. These two friends. It was the guys from local retards, right? It was a bad name. He's got a library there quickest Long Beach. Yeah, they're from Long Beach. I got to check them out. Yeah, they're cool. They're still together, right? Yeah for sure. So then like they're pinning right and then one of them grabbed the bigger one grabs a little one and they're like like like like this is him. He grabs them like this and they're rolling in rolling and rolling and then they roll to the floor and they bounce it to the beat those two of them. He has the other guy like just clenched and he has him clenched and then they broke that they broke that it looked like from Fred. Have you seen hit the wood that holds the door so in between French doors Suicide is a beam in between each friend shorty. Have you seen what's that movie was that wrong? Ask you kind of fucking closes? Yeah. That's the backyard and yeah that shows fuck dude. I mean, I just moved in there too. He just for you. Have you seen Pineapple Express when they're fighting Ambrose? He grabs him. He's like, this is now he throws him into a sink and he hits it and his body went dead like you got knocked out and that's what it looked like. We really got knocked out. Just Pat in the down. On their friends but their homies other it's cool. So who got who got laid out the one that was clenching or the one they got clenched don't like I hit the bigger guy. Oh, so he's he's good though right here. He's still knocking beams over here. I think he was the guy getting hit in her last show. That wasn't him. Okay, he got all of y'all. Where are you now? Because her look like him. That's awesome. What about yourself Eric? You got any crazy stories to tell I don't know that's about all of them. That's about all of you don't have any any from any shows you went to from that I went to yeah. And you think anything particularly insane not mad. I'm not a crazy guy like that and I guess she decided it was a good idea to go in and her boyfriend letter the She gets in she gets pushed immediately. She just does that yeah, and I thought from their her man gets in. She's a whole what was you know the usual shit and I guess nothing happened, but dude that shit hit the floor hard bro, and she was drunk. So you know that like, you know that when you fall in you get back up when you're drunk, I'm good. She did she did that. But her man was Pete was heated. Nothing ever like not like that ever happened. I think yeah, but anything you had to like bear witness to that you're just like fog, that's crazy. That was awesome. A long time ago in a galaxy far far away and the Galaxy really really close by and I mean I've seen like, you know, I mean besides I mean like I see my people fighting shit. I saw this one guy cheat on his girlfriend. Perhaps one of the still kind of shocks me and it's pretty funny because it was sleepy one of our friends. And I show it wasn't even our show and it was so we're supporting our homies. It was a lot of local bands that played in Carson. Our home is David estate Joe the singers birthday and he was going through his own show for it. All right? Yeah, I believe it was pretty I'm not sure it was a birthday and he told the sick ass fucking show and it was okay. It was kind of early started off at 5:00 5:00 p.m. That's that is really pretty abnormal for shows around here emotional early unless it's a matinee. Let's hit a matinee. It starts at one to never. Yeah, but this wasn't a matinee and start out pretty early and I showed up pretty late and I was like damn I don't know what I'm fucking early show. So showed up at like 8:00 9:00. Yeah. Yeah a little time for a show. It's already like three quarters of the way. Yeah show and I'm like, alright cool and everyone's already wasted. Yeah, everybody's already fucking drunk and her friend sleep. He's one of the guys so this guy is just standing in front of a hardcore. There's a hardcore scene. So I want to sit hardcore. I mean like really busy. Gorilla Biscuits like swing when they're in the pit. They're doing like swing Mills - so I told them he's holding don't turn your back. He fucking turned his back. It's as soon as he came up idiot. So he turned he turned his back on the pit thinking that you know, nobody's gonna hit you don't do that bro. So some guy there were back-to-back and this guy was elbowing to his back. He was like doing like that chainsaw kind of thing starting to change. Ohhh starting to change. Come down. You knocked him out. Yeah, he dropped his glasses. He wears glasses and when he got he warned them right Iggy. Yeah twice. I turned I physically grabbed him in. Was it full focus and as soon as I let go he turned back around dumbass no mass that your boy. I told him like three times. Cheers, man. That's awesome Bros. Hell, yeah, I'ma send them this link. Don't worry. Hey, man, I'm sorry sleeping shit. You are Warner Bros. You gotta be aware. Yeah and making the pig going even though it's not that there are no no even last night I was Second layer of the pit and I was on edge all because people people were getting crazy and pushing in. So I'll even I was like ready to support anyone to tell you know, yeah. So yeah, you just you you do need I'll handle it will handle. Yeah, we got 15 minutes. Take your time, man. We almost done here man. So craziest things that happens. Let me see would you guys huh? Oh, here we go. How long how long all right, so You have two albums two EPS out. Well, would you consider 101 a polka party up in EP? We it is an EP right? I think we have more than one EP out that I'm aware of, but you okay. So you guys have you guys have written more than one? There's only one LEP then there's the Poker night CP. There's a split with the wasted. It's two tracks each or three times three taxi. And then this is what I want to pull go. Am I missing any and then the new one that's coming out. Why are we like this? Well isn't what I want to want to pull is neat because yes, this one's okay. Alright is more like demo because it's four songs. Yeah this the upcoming ones a demo. Okay at these email first demo. Yeah, because because the Jack we always put our like five Six five songs. Yeah, it was short and sweet. So true. You want to get lazy and just right for songs. I'm just lazy. Yeah, but I mean we only recorded for not to mention are also giving Notnot offers but like we're getting requests about other like our friend bands. We have a lot of friends in bands. Yeah, a lot of these Associated bands that were with friends are asking us if they want to do a split also, so I'm not leaking anything yet. Nothing's guaranteed not this problem. We're gonna do is build another band. There you go. Now we can just say it. Yeah, right. There's request out there. Yeah, not without mentioning names yet. Nala you not now when you say split do you mean like so you talking said three and three is that like it's one album but collaboration. No, okay, you're shaking your head already with so split in general even be one song as long as two bands are doing their own singles. Let's split as long as two bands are joined together under the Same album under the same whether it be seeing those demos or UPS. It's considered a split because two bands join together to release their music together one album their fans and Friends listen to Ooh us and our one else will listen to them. So we get to like, you know Branch out more and like people who wouldn't ordinarily listen to us. They get exposed to yeah, or whoever heard of us and vice versa. So it's like plus it's fun as like like, oh we're going to record together. Let's do this shit true. That is true. That's always fun to get it to get into recording even just jamming with new people. It's fun. I can only imagine recording but that's interesting. I never heard of a split like that. So it's so who distribute who sells it you guys both sell it on your individual accounts or how That world little so anything but I shirts but well you guys have shirts. Yeah, I didn't know that you're their kind of limited. We print as much as we can when we can but as soon as we do it people start call you guys. Yeah, you need to let me know because I would about show the list you messages will put people on the list and we'll keep track of it and will tell me perhaps some more Wilson Wilson them out. Absolutely. Yeah. Our music is usually free like we give our demos like that demos and stickers are most times you can get some stickers to yeah dammit. Alright, I don't think we brought any today. I'm Well next time are you guys what are you guys playing again? March 14th? That's our demo released. Hey, that's free that day early Saturday, especially where Saturday he stole a specific Pacifico Cantina in East LA. I'll tell you for sure. I'll see what I can do because that's a minute away. I'm not gonna lie that is if the train goes there, but I will I will try I know I have a I have a show so it's a Friday then on the 13th 46:14 not Oh, okay. Yeah at the good bar. You have no no supply and demand. Sorry. It's a play the best confuse those two for some reason telenovela and they're supporting their with another band. But I'm more familiar with dum-dum going to see them, you know, okay and get exposed to a new band. Yeah. That's that's always what I like to go to go to new shows is to just see new bands. You know, when I when I went to talk to toasty go see you guys. I just I just saw you guys on it was either you or the drowns. I don't remember who was on bands in town and I just You know, you just go you seen you seen your music you get exposed to new people. And you know now I'm here and I gotta I gotta catch up on your backlog. And now I'm looking forward to a new release. You know, there you go. Yeah, I mean every our bio is like I guess unanimous like our bio like our background. Yes. How do you mean no, I mean, yeah. I don't know what the hell you're talking about. All right. Well we never win. Talk about ourselves besides podcast. So it's not it's not like common faults or Instagram Instagram by yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So like we all feel the same way. We like to go to shows drink see other bands play like like carry this our friend Carrie. She has this magazine called Paradigm and she interviews like local bands and like not so local bands and stuff. She goes all the way to fly. She lives in down here and she goes all the way to Fresno to go to shows and solution interview them. So she's really into the scene like yeah. Her motto is support each other. Not just your friends and I really like that because I'm like, you're fucking right like I love seeing my friends play all the fucking time. Like I love him but saying new bands are like this is like, you know constantly getting new metal music and listening to different stuff. Like it's really cool too. And then I like that you like look on the app length or the bands in town split like like who's playing? What's going on like this? Let's see. What's wrong. Yeah. I've got a free night. Let's see what so who's going around? Who am I gonna go see, you know, and I love I love that that there's so many So many good venues around us, you know, there's toxic toads just forestry by and Alex's bar supply and demand good bar. That's just within our our area, you know, guess that all right next to us. That's a good sale good venue to but yeah, I'll just I'll just go on there and whatever I could find man, I'll go support and that I was bummed out that I couldn't get you guys a shirts because I like to buy the shirts. I like to get the stickers whatever I can. You know, I bought this from a another blue a little before a broken like yeah. I had them on my I've had them on my podcast. Oh, no kidding. Yeah, that's cool. I gotta check that one out. Yeah. Yeah, when you whatever when you check this one out, it'll be there. Yeah, I had them on. Oh, it was like two months ago. All right. All right. Well something like that. Yeah. Was it Matt? Fuck Matt Max and Daniel. There we go. Okay that Max and Daniel. Yeah. No we play with them. Well back in the at the blacklight this strict loud right here at Anaheim. It was in Miami Beach. I haven't played that one. great it's the supply and demand used to be the backlight over ooh yeah oh shit okay oh those are different name yes that's what we started like oh that's a so we started playing there like I'm fucking he got all high Wednesdays and shit like Wednesday night that shit was whack I know stomping grounds oh yes I know I got a I got a homie who just got a residency at 4th Street vying for Wednesday night's all of March like I want to support you bros but while no on a weekday badly shit yeah what you got forgot you got here I got forgot you got back man somebody was dropping to do sorry about that a something that you know I just figured it was you but whatever all I miss nothing crazy man just talking just talking be icing speaking of venue so do you guys have a venue a favorite venue that you guys have played at oh well actually black German truth so so initially the backlight was like oh literally a weekend thing every weekend for like two months straight every weekday and weekend two months straight straight straight yeah we're really starting dude we were yes we were yes band yeah yes to every gig we still do just hit us up will say yeah what say yes to every Saturday you got oh yeah Saturday Saturday Works graveyard now there's a tradition there's a major transition through the graveyard sucks I'm sorry Bros is that even greater swing shift which is worse it's yeah it's like Ali's grave yard you could have your day exactly swinging like I'm not married I kind of fucked but hey man you got to do what you got to do what you can you know yeah that's why you get through yeah favorite venue that we played at besides black light Play that be your favorite venue that you've performed that like that. You had you've been then you're like fuck. I would love to play here. Like I love playing here. Like let's say let's say that you would have liked to have a residency yet. Okay, get out that way because you're going to be going back there consistently. So you got to love it. You know, if you're going to be there for like, let's say a two month residency. What would the venue be damned then you it wouldn't be a venue or bar. Sorry. I called it real backyard. That would be your face cheaper there. That's true. That's true. So give her all this pros and cons about everything. They're supposed cons about bars venues. Yeah yards and I to me, I think it's always gonna be a backyard because of the fact that you got everybody any age during whatever the fuck they want Liberty and its own little space. That's true. That's that's just my personal opinion. That's what I love to see. Yeah that's responses. You can get exact whatever the fuck you want, man. Exactly. That's a sub Rosa really like the boulevard but Alex is bar stage. Yeah. I love Alex's bar. Dude, they're stage is so nice. And if I start school, too, I love you. Not because I stars. All right. Yes. Okay. No. Yeah that mean those guys always treated as good anyways, right Drew. No, no, no slander on their name. Not just I know what do you think Eric anything anything yet. Now, what will will skip you will go to the will go to town. You will come back to you, right? Yeah. What do you think Tanya favorite? Favorite venue or bar whatever you want to one that I would mmm. Oh, o'herns because it's free. Yeah. Well actually go ha ha ha ha ha and Joe. I haven't been I haven't seen that one. That one's like so yeah straight cut up the PCH pass Western. It's right there. It's like usually our friend here throw shows there. He makes them free. So like people go, you know, and then then every shows are always going to get the turnout excited. Yeah, but like their stages cool, you know, yeah never go there again. Yeah, that's true. All right, even like toxic sauce was beautiful, but they don't serve alcohol. So we're like yeah that is and it I don't think there's ins and outs, huh? No, yeah, that's a problem. That's the problem big problem. Yeah. Yeah if they could just it either at a bar or because they have a smoking patio, right? Yeah. yeah we're cool with that can I could smoke because I don't drink or smoke you know there you go so I could do that yeah I gotta talk to you after this quiet Ziggy because he got all in trance he got all the memories all really not my attention dirty exactly dirty Eric just like hmmm yeah all right yeah all right you know that I don't care what they say about you you're doing we're gonna love toxic toast because that's where we met you yeah there we are true true that true that is true man that he wants to shout out to you you too bad yeah thanks for having us thank you I appreciate that I appreciate that cheers to that oh shit I hit the mic I drank all my water but I'll give an imaginary cheers oh man so so yeah my answer is Alex's bar Alex is so it is about you you were so adamant about o'herns though greater later Be so it's nice. It's all about me being sight and the sound was fucking cool. We were all mic'd up. It was nice. We've only been there once but the place I did like a lot was The fucking now we've been a few times the Regal in that place is dope that shit cause they couldn't crack like they got the space and like they got you know, they have parking truth. Yeah, there's that there's that but I mean locations like whatever, you know, but like I feel like that shit could fucking like really crack you all right? Why did you why did you give that sharp inhale Bros when he mentioned the like because I know why because because it's fucking asshole, right? That would be used. Fucking throw shows that the black light. Mmm. That's what kind of weirdo now I mean, it's just like every time we play there it's only been like through like this one production people. And yeah, that's just that sometimes they make a little difficult. It's oh yeah the promoter sick as fuck. Well, we are running out of time. So let's let's get your your final venue or let's get your Venue that you you would love to play. Like I said, you gotta love if you got to play a two month residency, you know. So what do you think before we you? Keep thinking? Are you sure it's Alex is bar Tanya. That's true. That's true. But the stage the stage. Yeah, I'm stick with that looks all right. All right Ziggy, I'm sorry bar Five Star Bar. Where is that at? Really? They got barking is it gets that right on we have a parking but you gotta pee. It's like 20 minute walk from the red light. Not only because I wanted to go to heaven together. That's the main street there. That's awesome. So five-star, I'll go five star. All right, awesome, man. We're going to end it off right there man. I would just love to thank you guys for let me not touch any buttons and mess this up. I would love to thank you guys all for coming on thank you for you know for showing up on time his first time this actually happened. I didn't think you guys are telling you you guys are a punk band. I'm like I got at least like 10 20 minutes before they before they show up and it'll be any other. That would be an hour. Right? Exactly. Right? And yeah, so thank you guys follow you can follow recoil at recoil Punk's with the next not official right? Just at recoil Punk. Yeah. Alright album out all the album's out right now on bandcamp album coming out in two weeks March 14th. Why are we like this? Yes debut on this on Inside the Mind exclusive. I love that. Thank you for that. If it's all right. I would like to give a few Shadows before we absolutely So to TVA and they made a lot happen. All right work music audio Yeah, are they TV or die it's a clothing company. Okay. What's your Instagram? Everything TV hair? Dye VA or die or down the scores on the scores in between each? All right for sure then also we would like to give a shout out to anybody here listening to us. We reached out and hurt us out. There's a big salute to you guys and manual most of all a big salute to you one. Thank you for having us. Thank you. Reaching out and we appreciate you appreciate you guys as well a man. Thank you. All would you guys like to say goodbye to the crowd and say any any last words? Thanks, Mom. That's a wholesome way to end it out Ziggy item foolish Eric. You got any last words toothpicks are it's just dirty Eric. I'm just dirtier - right I get my shot out. There you go. True. All right. Well, thank you guys one more time. Thank you all for listening. I love you all go tell someone you love them. Peace.