I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault. Vulcan very happy to welcome Jesse Bo. Thank you. Yeah we go. Yes, you would. Yes. What do you want to go for we can go Jesse Jesse Jesse. He's fine. Okay those funnily enough. That's one of the first things that happens when we start recording this so I was getting nervous and look at the person. I'm thinking what is your name? What is your name? So it's always good to get it out way early first. Yeah ladies we've had it's been two weeks since our last podcast. So when we last left the wonderful a Abby who Faria she can talk and I think quite a few days I think when she actually find him stop talking. She was really happy with how everything sounded so she was she was really but and of course and Brady was fantastic, so we since we spoke to those two ladies. We've had two games before he so we've just come off of Royals at home and railways. Equally at home, so two big games against to top sides. Now you both played the Royals game. So I'd like to start and have a bit of a look into that one. So look, we all know how what the result was and it was a bit disappointing. But how did it feel it out on the field to you. Jesse had of the game sort of progress Betty out there. Well, I was in a kind of nourish position because I am new to football. Yeah, so we're gonna take I was in the back pocket cook, which I'm actually really enjoying excellent. So it was just being drilled into US tearing your player, which I felt worked well, but obviously we just also need to be able to talk amongst ourselves in the back there, which is something we've really been focusing on and yeah, I think we're doing really well. I think so too. It is definitely picking up and you can see the games where it's all sort of starting to thread together. Just quickly you've mentioned you liked playing in the back pocket. Have you played anywhere else so far? I've played in the wing and Ford pocket. Mmm. So I've kind of been spread throughout. Yeah sussing out where I'm a good player. And what's a good fit now? We've had a bit of a chat to actually I seem to be getting all the sweet glaze. So yes, people are obviously so many players forward and back and so far it is 1 and 1 its 1 defense one forward now you're going to join In the defense crew the back six pizzas are yes, welcome to the back seat. So tell me what is it about being the back seats rather than being in the Ford pocket you prefer. I really enjoyed tackling people. That is the correct and that's really the only time I do get aggressive and I love these girls and I play footy with so it's easy. Thanks. Well, that's really good to hear and Yeah, like I said back six players they are they worth the way to go. So well done. Hey funny story. We actually had a training session the other day where they said right everybody line up with your forward or back and I think there was 1212 forwards and two Defenders. So he seems to prefer to play for it, but I'm glad that we found a couple of really good Defenders feel like they make their everywhere you playing on the field is whether you are kind of All over as well in the meat food a bit lately, is that forward and the Royals game played in what was it fullback for the first time? I had no idea very important position. Vince ponds and I was like, so what am I actually going to be doing this? So we say that you mean when you get it up at the Quartermaine break-in, so if you saw yeah, how are you guys finding that that little sort of get together in groups first? Yeah. I like that because then you're kind of encouraging talk already before you go on the field. Yeah. I'm talking as a team and you know people are telling you what to do because especially you like I don't know a lot about team sports and stuff. So I like to be told old what I need to do and where I need to be and it's good if it's you know, the people that you're around on the on the field. Yeah telling you that so obviously you probably found out that full-back is a very difficult position. Very important role. Yeah. How did you go by the end of the game Did you sort of get a handle of it? Yeah. I don't think it's a good opportunity to embarrass her a little bit and just talk about that fantastic photo that she should put the action shot. She looks fantastic in that show and she tell you what I love I love the name Bob, right? Yeah suits are so perfectly because she's got a really good leg. What if she's got two good legs because she she famously kicked a really nicely. If foot get out of trouble kick against Barker, yeah coming out of that back pocket. So she's she's bread for the back line. I love watching her play attend her nickname. Yeah, but she got currently she just said the him now that brings me to another point which was a little bit disappointed when I found out that there's a lack of nicknames going around these departments. So so taking off, Books is it? Yeah, so do either of you have nicknames yet. Yeah mines burger burger identity. Someone call that out today. I'll take also accepted first lady as yeah, that's okay. My brothers always you know, I can imagine no thank you. The joke that I almost didn't get from Emma Ashton. So we'll leave that one out of it for now you guys when you go like and listen to a podcast you understand what I'm talking about. She'll be kept in a surprise. Oh, yeah, so we need to work on an interview. So that's that's our mission. Okay, because You have to remember with things like this when things go wrong or we miss opportunities for stuff like that. It's a great opportunity for a young man in the footy Club to capitalize things and then on things like this and punish people for for these sorts of things and we are of course talking about the famous or the infamous judge skinny. Now you ladies have just come across the fly today. Yes. Yeah bit nervous scared. What's the feeling here? Is that it's that's good. You're not curious. I'm looking forward to it though. I think would be good. Laughs I think once you see skinny get out there and he's full getup skeletons in the closet. But yeah, if we might get more than a close shave very good. So speaking of that we've obviously mentioned just in the chat. We had beforehand male might be in a little bit of travel. She might come across the judges sightline. Who else this is guilty of a couple things around the footy Club when we do you think maybe the nudie run? Yeah. Oh I also have it on good authority that your coach might be in a bit of trouble to Ricky's might have been faking an injury. Yes. Maybe maybe one is well, that's exactly the point. You know, so yeah, so he might have to be a little bit careful young Rock. So yeah, we have to watch what you out, but we'll see how we go. So I'm sure judge will be dead skin, you be nice and fair which legal writing a speech which he has to say when he gets up earlier, which is I will solemnly swear to tell as many Porky pies to get the conviction as possible. Point nine percent success rate. I still don't understand how we didn't get the last one last year. Did you which one did you see? Did you see the last year's end of year one. It was it was a famous story with the judge. So, is that the one? What he puts in a nice? Yes, so that was a lie, but I'm happy to tell them there was there is a young boy who plays leak in he was putting women's sanitary devices in his shoes or support and they were ones that he purchased on his own accord not using his Partners. So yeah somehow that one managed to sneak by ski deal. Guys, I'm not sure about that one. But that has to be Revisited. I think so left out of the feeder that one I think we might have to enter the Royal commission. Maybe they could be fun. Yes. But yeah, so anybody who is listening Friday night go and see judge skinny, come on down. Great fun. We should have good laugh. All right, so that was the Royals game obviously the game. And I think was also good to mention that you guys had a really competitive fight back in that second half. Yeah, I think the end of the first I think your three goals down and then by about half way through the second it was three girls too and it just looked like it was on look like it was Game On from there. What? Can you tell me about that little passage? What what was the difference? Hey, we just started off pretty flat, didn't we? Yeah, I think that was it. We kind of just got our mojo. Basically. Yeah, we just picked it up and we were like no we want to be in this we want to fight. Yeah, and we just put it out there. Hmm. Excellent. Yeah. Like I said that little section there was fantastic. It was a good fight back and I was sitting up in the in the timing room with Jeff old field at the time and we just sort of looked at it when we've got a fight on here. So it's all on I think from memory Steph Grant keep to go. And that was that was the name she is fantastic. And that was a goal that Matt would have made woodsy Cry ha ha because it was slightly better than his I think All right. So as we said fantastic fight back in that section there and once you find your mojo and so it was really quite well. So it's all just about putting those pressure moments together, isn't it? You know, so what do you guys do as far as training his concerns to try and make sure that you know for Friday's game. You're not going to go out flat or you're not going to go out and have those moments where you Make the play properly and all those sorts of things but do you guys do so we're trying to make sure that we're really focusing and also just not kind of panicking. Mhm. So we're getting used to just having people on us I think and really focusing on talking as well. Yeah, they setting up I think like when we get nervous we tend to just all run into the middle and go for the ball rather than sending up. Yep. Then we play acting that way, you know reasonably confident ways we set out so well. And the ball just can't even get out of that forward. But when we were a bit nervous then we tend to panic and just straight in there. Yeah, that's really easy. I guess when it's all gone you're ways that those things you have to do is you have to train like you're under pressure don't ya and with that dress trying to draw you guys for doing this evening when I rocked out where it was an all on all Fight Fest of pressure. this infection Yeah, exactly. You going to get some expect their hopefully dishing Them Outlets. That's so roll over to the railways getting there. Neither of you played that game. I believe you were the runner Emory. Yep, and I think you had your work cut out for you Rose. It's a lot of messages. So how do you crack it running? Obviously, was there any thing you sort of noticed about how they set things up or hat? How did his mind works as far as wind to go out and give messages and that sort of stuff. Did he give you any sort of insight to your team or was it more just try and keep up it was good listening to what he had to say. Definitely about the team. It was yeah, it was interesting to hear the things he had to say. Yeah, and what about the messages that he runs out to sea are they sort of to the point or do you think that does he does he run out at like a congratulations or a high five to a good job in those? Leslie sorts of things. There's no little business order something probably conserving my energy. So it was really clear and precise. Yeah. Yeah, it's funny because we would obviously talked about Ricky and how his mind works because he's been a really good coach for us and he is to the point sort of the he's he's he's blind First what he needs done and he thinks about how he gets it done sort of thing. It's yeah sort of difficult books to explain properly. But I think it's pretty fair to say early on you guys are in really good hands on him. Yeah, Joe and I think it's it's really great credit to his coaching and I hope one day he turns on this podcast and actually has a listen because we obviously try and look after him and tell him how good of a job he's doing because as we mentioned a couple weeks ago, he took a job that we couldn't give away two or three years ago. And he's been fantastic ever since and the success that he's coming because of that straight away. It's pretty obvious to see that you guys are probably the most competitive maybe stealing put out so far. Yeah, especially if you and your first you Jesse, I mean to come into what looks like a really extreme well-structured. Yeah, really fun. Loving team. It must be must be a big load off coming here first definitely ready for the great, but she goes Great coach everyone is so supportive gets around each other and we're all about building each other up and it's just it's what you want in a team. I think yeah, and I feel like that culture started, you know that when camera was coaching and talking to the girls and stuff like that. We all talked about culture being the most important thing and so I feel like that culture started then you know, and we had such a good team and you know, everybody really supported each other and you know, there was no nasty. You know, so when you get like that like every all the girls are in the team you want to be around them. And yeah, and I think you know things are mentioned to his cab obviously was looking forward to another end of coaching the ladies team. Yeah, so somehow Bears to get busy doing something else. I'm not as important. You did well to leave Ewing in such good hands a someone who was able to carry on what he had started because he obviously had a lot of ground work to do in those first in the in English. We say to Sydney. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah and cultures such a big part of you know, what he believed in in the football and and the women's team really does have that thing. You can really just really see in a little girls in and it's not just about winning. Oh for sure that we have a pretty good indication of that. We've seen the photos on Facebook. I'm sure there's plenty of photos that aren't on Facebook, but look like you guys had a really great time. WAW I believe yeah, so what a what a great way to kick it off. Yeah as we had a chat to Abby about this last week, but end eventually go on the trip. So that was sort of a bit of a letdown for as far as the podcast is concerned. So would you ladies like to tell us anything about the trip like what it would mean to you? And you know what experiences you do have. Just really us girls bonding getting to know each other and you just you want to work hard for each other on the field when you made that connection and it's just yeah, that's probably one of these things here. So you more invested in my another not only on the field but all fields which obviously carries on to the yeah. Yeah, that's fantastic. That's really good. And you also played scratch over there and I believe you guys one that is that correct? So now I've just had to ask did you see the tape song? First and then we all found this song together. She can and I think what I might have to start doing is coming down to the change rooms and just getting that section of the song and just having it playing in the background. It's funny because I actually looked at doing that for When we win late games, for example, so having that song playing is that they games coming off and stuff. And thankfully I well unfortunately the Lakeside only won one game last year thankfully for me. I didn't have to find out how to cut and paste that song out because I could work out and do it because it actually comes from a really old song the cheering and it's in the middle of a whole movement. So it's about 59 minutes long, right? Yeah, so to actually select that little section which is only about 30 seconds long. There's actually quite difficult, but I have since learned how to do that. So maybe what I have to do is come down to the change rooms and play that section so you can sing along to the tune as well. But yeah, yeah practicing in the song unfortunately show it off. Book of the ladies doing their very best singing singing Here comes home. The first one was a little bit bigger than the second but from where I was standing outside when we were playing it Railways when you guys beat me up Barker. Mmm, the song actually sounded really good. Oh good. Yeah. I'm outside. I was like, I see who's coming out of the change room, and I said some 70 so much better and she rolled her eyes at me. I was that and then later I saw the video. I was like, oh I see. Because I haven't won a game Railways yet. Actually, I don't think I quite a game that wasn't at home. Just just put it that this is fun fact, but I don't run run again Railways, but I know for a fact when you're in the change room, which what you ladies work and and the sharks who have just lost the game in the other change room. Yeah that Echoes and you can really hear it really singing the song. It's really yeah, but having said that it is fantastic that Barker and they might have both managed to pick up teams this year. Such a good effort of it and the Improvement already in them, but it was last week. I had them on the ropes. I mean, I'm certainly early in the game obviously, but they may be really wake them up. I think so which is sort of good because I think for you ladies, it's a reminder not to take any team. Likely. Yeah. Definitely. It's all about seeking to the structure that which Ricky's building and sticking to your core values little those sorts of things. So So that way you would never get into that trouble because I can tell you whatever whatever you've been in front for half a game and then you turn around and lose it is the most heartbreaking thing that could happen to you but to go out to a team that you know, you're better than he needed me. You can be and to lose the must be the worst feeling. Yeah. It was it's probably a good good lesson for us to learn early without having to essentially for the sort of isn't it? Yeah, but I'll be as having said that you guys are so we'll set up. I doubt it would happen to you. But it's a good to know it's good. It's a good reminder. Yeah, so roll over the railways game. That was an epic game to watch I could tell you I tell you personally I was actually supposed to be upstairs setting up getting ready to DJ too much fun watching in getting involved in the quarter time breaks and everything like having a chat with everybody and I sort of went. Oh, I really didn't to go. That was a fantastic game. It was really hard for him. So close. So close to getting up on one of the top sides, you know in to be in front for the majority, but to I think yeah, I know what we talked about the Barca game with Abby and him we talked about winning quarters. Is it something you guys are still folks every important? Yeah. So really when you looked at that game you guys On Two and a Half quarters, I think to be to be fair like you in front for the two quarters for the for the first half of that third quarter. You guys were looking really good and the second half was sort of where it dropped away. The fourth was just just couldn't come back from it sort of thing. But to win two and a half quarters against the top side must be huge and it must be such a pat on the back for all you ladies to sit there and look back and go. You guys can stick a DDT. Yeah in this competition. It's funny because in a group chat. It's like we just lost a game. But the first thing that popped up was we did so well today girls. Yeah, that is awesome. Like everyone was just pumped in the fact that we did. Well, yeah, we recognize that obviously it wasn't a perfect game, you know, we didn't get the win but we were just like recognizing the positives and so good. I'm so glad to hear it's really fantastic and that's that's exactly what you guys talking about. Isn't it? Really something that can be cold? You don't get it yet getting those positives at first getting around each other first and investing in each other rather than looking at the negatives and things that you know, you could do personally better and yeah that's been set up this and I love that whole looking at each quarter, you know, because we can just reset after the you know, if you have a bad quarter, that's okay. You let go of that one and then you just got 15 minutes and you can just go have some 15. Yeah, it's great really good it have you guys finding your rotations at the moment as far as coming in right on and off the bench. So if you got a rough plan for that, do you play your first follow a bit said rotate or I don't know I've been and I'm happy with that. Yeah, so you sort of play half of each quarter. No, I'd be on for two quarters. Okay different words. Yeah. Yeah, which is good because I think it gives some some people a good break. Yeah, I feel like it's working out. All right, and how you finding any way what sort of I never want to come up? Full points. Yeah went straight Keek and that's what the hell so it's good to know that as I said you guys had the ability to stick it to ya the top size counts as long as you can get those pressure moments and there's 1% is down. Yeah, and I like that this year. I feel like you know, you never know who's going to win it the game, you know, even with Matt back in Denmark, and it's just, you know, it's just on that day. You know how well people Playing and just feels like it's like that for every team this year. We yeah, we did could be anyone's win share post of another gang that was on that weekend. That was something like a few goals and like 17 points. Yeah. We're just like okay, you know taking it on the chin. Yeah. Yeah this stuff where you get those sort of losses to is what you know, yeah. All right, so we'll move into looking into next week's game. So we've got the Denmark Denmark Walpole game I don't know who should be more trouble for this. I should I should maybe Denmark again. But it should be dancing that because that's who we played first times like this. I think I tell you right now is one of the first questions I get asked before I press play on the podcast is you get this right just a reminder to anybody who's listening who gets invited to come on the podcast. The short answer is no there is a long answer that takes about 15 minutes. So please stand by while we quickly Google. He's into it right now. So she's should be a technical whiz for the day. So please stand by while we work at who were playing. Yeah feel like we need a drumroll now Denmark Denmark 6:15. Well, that was a we will minutes ago. So this weekend All right. So I think I heard you mentioned a mic again. So we played in my before. Yeah. So last time we played in my head that one in that it was their first their first game. Yeah. So yeah, I think we're underway but it was close game. Yeah and towards the end. They really yeah, I think that was my first ever game and I was just like I'm just gonna do something. can I All right, so we beat them in the first game, which is really good. And I think I remember hearing about that too. Because that was the first game of the I think back to the start of yeah. Yeah, so that was obviously was getting that first without is huge must be such a good way to start off your season. So what do you think you're going to do differently this time against Denmark? I think we've improved hugely since that game. Anyway, I think setting up and all that sort of stuff is yeah just the flowers again. I feel like we're actually learning the flow of the game don't know where we need to be and we're talking to each other. We're shipping whereas with you know, that was all new. Yeah half of us didn't know what was happening was for that game. Yeah, I think yeah, I think both sides will Had massive Improvement. Yeah, I think it's going to be a different a different challenge again. Yeah. Yeah. So is that how you got to sort of go into this game? Like it's a brand new team you've never seen before. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah because I think they will be well, I think we should yeah and like we should think of ourselves that way as well. Yeah, I think so as well. I mean as I said seeing the way you guys were handling the body on stuff in the drill that I saw tonight when I rocked up like you can definitely tell everybody's getting a little bit more confident with the idea. Of being bumped and tackled and all those sorts of things because it is it is something that's quite strange when he get when you first sort of are introduced to it. I give you great example, and that was young Cheyenne Ashton. She was in the middle of a three-on-one Ruck sort of things. I've always kick in between the three of them - the four of them I should say. So those three opposition plays himself in the middle and she did her best to make the ball end. I would say nine times. And if you have to keep to that bullshit marked it no worries, but I think because of that feeling of moments through people around me. My chocolate someone's going to tackle me, you know, it's such a exactly and she was quite a disappointed in herself when she came off the ground, but the thing that was more important than the fact that she wasn't able to take the Mark was the fact that once the ball hit the ground there were three players on her essentially and I think it eventually came I think from the foot forward pop it up to assist something. But in that meantime, she was tackling her little heart out and they basically caused the terror because of that so because the book because of not letting the ball go because of not not being afraid to get a bump and all those sorts of things and also the fact that the the other team didn't necessarily shit that well hmm, we managed to control the ball and get them to start one of their ladies keep the ball out of bounds on the fall which As We Know Is an automatic freaky class. So it was good to see that it even though she might not have been able to take the mark. The more important thing is the fact she can stay with it. It's like in take those tackles and ride the bumps and all those sorts of things. So when you get the hang of that that's more important. That's that's what's going to make you guys more confident footballs. And then from there you'll be able to take those marks, you know without without having to think about it. Yeah, that's fear is not exactly I don't think it's the I don't see it. No not like don't like when you first see when it's a great examples USC to two players with the young footballers or the the ladies playing the first game or whatever it is. You want you C to I'm sort of less confident players running next to each other in the balls in front of the boat. Just kind of like do it. Do I look at you or do I look at the pool and have to sort of my offshore and then you see confident football at one of you know, like they might decide to both hate each other. Yeah bump or one of them might decide to go for the ball while No one goes to the player and all those sorts of the different choices you make something so it's good to see that you guys are getting confident with the body on stuff, you know, putting the arm out staying in front of your players a Defender, you know, even if someone gets upset about it, you know, you just get back in there and just give me a little nickel, you know, staying firm don't then behind you those sorts of things are what I like to see and how well it started to gel already is what's making final football so much fun to watch. Yeah really impressive. So this week going into Denmark have the team's been released yet? No tonight, and I was wondering You might have to worry about anything else. That's right. I should've been done. Okay Doris box. Okay, here we go. Oh, yeah, we're both on. Whoo. Now obviously don't want to give away all the secrets in case we have any of our opposition this thing. Yeah, but we are both of you playing which is very good. Yeah, so you both Done your you miss a game each other use the knife, please note, you'll see ya one, maybe two that was horrible. I never do it tags. If you're listening, you can't have my spot ever again. So obviously it's a good system and it's obviously understanding that's what you have to do, you know, like which is great but more Partly by fire which is even better. So we've talked about going into this game as new teams. So you clean slates for each four quarters to win and we're liking the idea of sitting sitting up in the Pods at the court of Time Break, isn't it? Yeah, that's fantastic. And okay what someone told me the other day that's new. You know, that's not new. Sorry. That's all that's been around since forever to me. That was breaking. I've never seen it before so I love it. Yeah, so what I'm gonna do tonight is I'm going to bring back an old cigarette which I have been a bit lazy and haven't been bringing back. So bringing back the Feeding Frenzy forecast. Okay. So what I want you to do is to tell me look into your Crystal sharks balls and tell me who is going to play a massive game this week or who's going to do something special. Okay. So for me, I'll tell you right now I tell you right now. Yeah, I know. There's so many choices, but for me, I think well, I don't think we can have a game with that Meal made him running the wrong way. So I think that's going to happen there was going to pick up the ball and take over the road rage but I see embalmer Brady. I see her taking an absolute screen River Marcus week. That's that's my forecast. So be on the lookout forces hot tip is lookout for bone ready. Yeah, Jesse, give us a give us a forecast. What do you think's going to happen? I think Dana is going to be a little gun on the wing. Oh, yeah, she's always a gun. Here a little bit in a previous episode about all the 1% is in off the ball work. She does which is so much more important. So fantastic. So keep an eye out for Dana Bobby Brady and Andre. What's your Feeding Frenzy forecast? I Love the Way Emma Stone plays. Oh, she's good. Yes, she's just can get the ball from anywhere. Yeah, and she's just always on that. Her mind is just always on. She's never had a flat day. She's just always Is that it? So what are we calling me calling Amos with Emma Stone for based on Graham. Yeah, I think she's got it. Sacred to success whatever. She's buying a VW. In the running for like best all-round. Yeah. Okay what you like you your Brownlow sort of? Yeah. I don't know what they call it the ladies version yet. I know they're in the league. We call it the Clayman middle. I don't know what the ladies when you name it after her maybe yes. Yes. Okay. We have to find out what the name of that is. Yeah. Yeah, that's another file one for seized by a Pretty good look like a alright. So we've looked at in the forecast for the week with covid the last cat the games end of a strip again lots of fun. So I guess it's time for the Fast Five now, we've told you ladies about this. So we've given you a little bit of insight you both very naughty and have it. This is the podcast. Thanks. Very good. Okay, so is that works for everybody listening at home going to ask five questions? You can answer as quickly as you can as honestly as you can and I get in trouble if I do this to slowly so speed is the key. Are you ready? Alright, so first question, I'm going to ask Em. I'm going to ask sorry, Jessie Jessie. I'm going to ask you to go first. You can't break a okay. So that's gonna wait so you both get the same question. I love it and the same thing happened to Empire last week because she didn't listen to the podcast. So she was panicking about this is this is great. You're getting fanned out. All right, so assuming we cannot for the name for the middle, which the ladies win. Mmm. Okay, who's your dream date states of that ceremony? Anyway Dreamed a Dream date. That's like the worst question from 10 Things. I Hate About You All silly. It's just like why not just reach yourself. Continue, mr. President good answer. Okay. All right. We'll keep rolling with it. This would be my favorite question is lady. So I'm going to hit this one again. Who is the most likely person to call you from two o'clock in the the morning at the Cop Shop Abby. Yeah, Abby. Oh, yeah. Nice easy with what is your go-to dish in the kitchen? That's not easy. Mmm and when my husband over with vegan nachos I was thinking to be a big. Okay. All right. Another one of my favorite questions to ask the ladies group, who is the club pissed? I kind of feel like I need to see IV guess. You can say if you could be on the podcast with anybody who would it be? The way we keep the ball, so you have the same the ball you kick where the ball sort of travels in a sort of screw like momentum. So some people call it a torpedo. Yeah, others call it a barrel very slick people call it a screwed punt. So last year. We actually had a role in question where we'd ask which of the which of the two. Do you court now this year we're going to go over slightly different. I'm going to start looking into the preseason. So the pregame habit That we all have so my question that we're going to start with you ladies today nice and easy don't stress. So it's a nice easy. What is the best music before the start of the game? So what is the best kind of genre of music that you want to be listening to before you game kicks off? Rock rock? Absolutely. Good Andre. I don't like quiet time. Would you pick a different type of music would you say none none? Okay. Good. So keep an eye out for this one because we're actually going to keep it rolling tally on the Facebook page Okay, so we've officially kicked off. Okay. So one for a rock and one for no music, I do last year. Actually we had one of The Feeding Frenzy is very own Benjamin flake Ben Affleck picked known as well. He preferred no music. He actually thought they actually thought of side team up to much to the Point where he'd run out on the field and then go to settings position and he's you know all hyped up and then you have to wait to obviously get him to the game. So it's an interesting one. So that was good. So I okay. So as I said, we'll keep the roll and tally going for the entire unit the end of the year. We'll find out. What is the best reviews it for our pregame regiments. So that's a good one. Sounds good now just speaking of music you ladies for the first time got to run out to music on our home game with the And I think is something which obviously we as we said we'd peek for the lead team and then the good old the baby animals. So how did you guys feel about running? It's that music. What was headed to feeling sort of come across for you, but for you too, I loved it. Yeah, it was just so good. It gets pumped up. Everyone's side. You're just like your old really good at that big game for you. Yeah, it really is. What we what do you think? Yeah. Yeah. It was good. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, you just want to do quality. All right. So this next home game is set up with an even bigger sound system and we set up with a spare of noise cancelling. Yeah, everybody skipping one IBS be ready yet. They were did war face. All right. Ladies. Well, thank you both very much for coming on. Thank you for both bearing with me while we finally got you organized to come on the show and thank you for waiting while I fixed the door to the recording studio, which did slow us down a little bit, but that's okay move up and money again. So good good to hear that every thank you very much for being in touch and coming on the show for anybody. Who's listening. Would you recommend coming on? Yes. It has been fun. Yeah. Hmm. It was it a scary thought it would be and I know it was good. Excellent. Yeah and Jesse our first-year player and love to have you around. Thank you so much for coming on. Thank you for joining the Sharks. Thank you for picking us. Same question. Would you recommend it to anybody? Who's been listening? Yeah, definitely. Yep. Good fun that you have all of you being on the podcast before. No, so if we take that off the bucket list, and I just wait for my phone. Pink. Oh, yeah for sure. I'll get her in touch as soon as I can. Yeah, I put in touch with a debate, so I thought that was pretty good first podcast tonight. We actually on our Feeding Frenzy Facebook page have a special mention from Eddie bits who has wishes well for the first start of the year, so you jump on they don't have a quick look and also Jeremy McGovern local our buddy boy both Carlton players. So, thank you again. Oh those fellows and I guess there's only one way to wrap up this show. Oh, yeah.