Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop. Like even after they'll usually hear you the second time maybe third time and I just keep looking at them. They look at me. I just keep telling them to stop even after they have stopped. Like I just want this to be ingrained in their head my Grazie dad eyes and face. I'm about to flip out stop walking. On my couch stop it. If you're not a parent, well re listening this later because you go a little crazy, but I will repeat myself in a certain way to help them not forget. Like I don't want Dad to do say that crazy stuff again. But if I just if you just tell him in passing it's not near as impactful as if you tell them over and over and over and over and over and over again, even after Well know that they got the point just tell him a couple more times. I finished the book of John today and there's the closest part where Jesus just repeats himself over and over and over again and and Peter take some offense to it. But he's pressing in saying it in a way that he'll never forget starting in verse 15 of chapter 21 when they had finished eating. Jesus said to Simon Peter Simon son of John do you truly Uli love me more than these yes Lord, he said you know that I love you. Jesus said feed my Lambs. Again, Jesus said Simon son of John. Do you truly love me? He answered. Yes, Lord. You know that. I love you. And Jesus said take care of my sheep. The third time you said to him Simon son of John. Do you love me? And Peter was hurt because Jesus had asked him a third time. Do you love me? He said Lord, you know all things you know that I love you and Jesus said Feed my sheep. Jesus tells John basically the same thing three times feed my Lambs take care of my sheep and feed my sheep. Peter is called the leadership and to serve others serve those who are following Christ to watch out for them to protect them to encourage and to pour into them to feed them. He's essentially called to just pour into the body. Believers the church. I think we're all called to do that in our own way. We can get it wrong when we're looking to see what we can get out of it. Jesus is telling Peter lead feed the sheep. But I think the only true reason why you would do that is because you love the Lord reminded that here that you know, the God will give us and tell us what we need to hear. Yeah. I think that specifically Peter goes through this because he went through the denial three times and this is Jesus's way of redeeming him of that making it memorable and commissioning him to lead for what it's worth. Those are my thoughts as we finish up John. Thank you so much for listening. And if you haven't contacted me on social media would love to connect. Otherwise, just listen. Be real cool if you shared this with somebody or not. Anyways, have a good day. Be real cool if you shared this with somebody or not. Anyways, have a good day.