A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f mIt started. Hey, welcome back. So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at plenty of the meeting, you know, this is not all that. Worse than just a flu. I don't know people are worried about etcetera and and I mean to that I reply with him as so many other people have you know with the seasonal flu schools are rarely closed right rarely are travel bans put into place rarely. Do you see multiple members of of a single country's government died? And of course, I'm referring to our on here die. Died from the flu and in the span of like a week or two right rarely. Do you see in the case of the I can move? This was Eric towns and or Chris Martenson that brought this up but rarely rarely. Do you see a cruise ship in this case? The one off of San Francisco have test kits lifted in by Blackhawk helicopter and by rarely, I mean in that case you never see anything of these happen any of this happens really the exception maybe an occasional School closure in the case of major, you know, Strep throat or seasonal flu outbreaks. This isn't the flu the statistics. Don't bear that out. Either that the fatality rate the severity rate. I mean that's the other thing that people have to pay attention to is, you know, right now, you know case fatality is a 2 percent is that 3.4 percent is a hires it lower. What about these different strains? But what about also just the amount of cases that are classified as serious or critical the amount of people that need a hospital bed, most likely or the people that potentially need a nice view. Ed oxygen supplementation a ventilator things of that nature what percentage of people need that and that's what's really interesting to me because what ultimate you'll see is when when a healthcare system is overloaded by cases from whatever of course in this case covid-19 this coronavirus what you'll see is the fatality rate go up. Relative to one where it's not overwhelming the healthcare system and the hospitals because the serious the number of patients that are classified as serious or critical need in a hospital bed or ventilator or an ICU room or antibiotics or oxygen or whatever is exceeding what a hospital or hospital system can provide and for a lot of them that might be life or death. I mean ventilators are basically a you know, a key part of life support. You know oxygen is pretty important as our antibiotics and and just generally monitoring of it X-rays of the thoracic region. I mean all these things are pretty important to keep people alive, right? And and so this isn't just the flu. That's why I've been been really harping on this subject for it for weeks and weeks now and I think that's really mean born out. I mean needless to say, this is hardly just a Chinese. Problem anymore that hasn't really been the case for several several weeks. I think from day one for me from day one there was apparent that this could potentially be a global issue know back then I was kind of hesitant but you know, this could be big this could be big now from day one and I wasn't the only one right and a lot of that was just based on the great work and and whatnot an analysis of other people but I think by now it should be clear that this is pretty serious. I mean you don't again with the seasonal flu, you don't see a 50 to 80 percent drop in the economic. To view the second largest economy in the world China, right? You don't see record low PMI numbers major probably drop in GDP for quarter one and beyond that so so let's put that to rest. This is worse than the flu. This is life or death for a lot of people and it's certainly a lot of these actions I think are warranted right because I get it you're in your 20s like me or 30s or 40s. You're in good health. You have core morbidities. Well, yeah, I mean even if the healthcare system is overloaded your death your chance of dying is still probably pretty low. But first of all, I'm not taking chances second of all as I said before and many other people have said before I tend to think elderly people people with pre-existing conditions or risk factors. I think they contribute a fair bit to society right and even if they don't they're humans, I mean come on now people right does does you know the health status or Where somebody lives and nursing home versus their own house, or does that take away from their own intrinsic value as a human being? I don't thinks I know that that doesn't that's not the case. So yeah, I mean, maybe it's not a huge deal for you. But what about parents grandparents or even people you're in your own oil age cohort that maybe have comorbidities have pre-existing health conditions that may contribute to this and that's the other thing. That's really been interesting. I want to talk about here for a second pre-existing health. Conditions time and time again here in eight states you land this again contributes that idea. This is nothing worse than the flu. I don't have to worry about it because I don't fall into that category time and time again. We'll see especially early on in the country such as the United States reports of fatalities people people dying from the coronavirus and and oftentimes, it's Then followed by such and such. You know their age which sometimes it's like 80s or 90s sometimes 60s 70s are younger than that the and then it says, you know, they have pre they did have pre-existing health conditions rarely though. Unless you're looking at case studies or other more detailed examples rarely are more is more information given and I think that kind of contributes this idea of well, I don't have what I would consider pre-existing health conditions. So that doesn't apply to me but rarely are those specific conditions specified right? Are we talking, you know, pretty severe COPD emphysema, you know just pulmonary dysfunction where they are lifelong smoker. Right those types of things. Are they morbidly obese or did they have a whole host of conditions that that is may be common in somebody that you know, 80 or 90 plus years old. Maybe I think those people are obviously at higher risk, but but you know, what is sort of the cutoff for the media or health organizations to report that they had pre-existing health conditions does obesity qualify as that because obesity, you know, based on BMI is anything over a beer? I have 30 witch. You know, there's a lot of people walking around that I would say is like awesome. It's not like they're grossly overweight and not grossly like that's gross but just like significantly overweight like just as people age. It didn't have slightly higher levels of body fat and went out. I mean does that qualify? How about something as simple as hypertension, which is extremely common All right, and in many cases that sets on some of these medical record, you know hypertension its treated as under control but may sit on their medical record. Anyways is having hypertension. Does that count does you know a whole host of you know, do they asthma does that count does you know a heart arrhythmia did and those things are all extremely common and people that may not come to mind when you think of pre-existing health conditions, right? That's I think a really important thing to consider but Is kind of back to the summary of what's been going on. I mean in terms of the spread its it's really under control and I think in many places first of all, it's continues to be a limited by lack of testing that's certainly a parent for the United States parents. I think a lot of other countries around the world, obviously these huge countries that have very few tests despite their proximity to try and very few confirmed cases importantly countries like Malaysia and Vietnam and Thailand and India. The Philippines and Indonesia, I'm oh North Korea. Oh pretty low. And of course Central Asian countries from the stand countries a lot of Middle Eastern countries, you know just not really testing for the whole lot. I mean you see it from time to time and mean like Iraq, 35 cases two fatalities part of that's probably because of their proximity to to Iran which has a pretty large known outbreak massive. I think known outbreak in terms of percentage of population might be on scale with maybe the height of the Chinese. Break, which hasn't I hesitate to say that at China's is completely being scaled back at certainly don't buy any of their numbers. But even you know, a lot of Western or just European countries in general Western European or European countries, you know, they continue to tick up Norway a hundred and one Belgium 109 the UK a hundred sixteen Spain 296 France 423 Germany 639 and of course, Italy T6 this is from be oh no, no be a no news.com. By the way, the I mean Germany France Spain. Those are three countries that in terms of their case count is looking a lot like where Italy was not all that long ago. And of course a week from now, they're going to be you know in the thousands most likely right South Korea, of course continues to see it rise, but with a country like South Korea, yes, they've been testing a ton but you wonder how much of that you know leveling off of how much is increasing each. Is based on mitigation and how much of it is based on maybe not super widespread testing. You know, what I what point does, you know, testing sort of limit out, you know, for instance for the United States that limit is still pretty low. The limit of how many tests we can run a day the CDC actually stopped reporting and actually a lot of organizations have or will be kind of move to doing their tests on their own because hey the CDC has been super strict with who they're going to test and who they're not to test and they've dropped the ball maybe as badly as the who has I think but but again then there's those countries. I just don't really test it all unless you know, like when for instance India their India had a cluster of whole bunch of people that I think had been exposed to our been around some that came from Italy which has been very common place for people to contract it from you know, II maybe only to China and maybe South Korea right and maybe around those those three are all you know, Spreading a lot of these cases, and that's great now they caught it, but but it's quickly about Spotify which generally is known as a music platform, but also now host podcasts including yours truly. In fact on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for silver fortune on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab Tab also, make sure that you subscribe or follow my podcast. So you never miss a future episode of silver fortune and back to the podcasts because it was easy to catch right they they had a all passport. They they were in the country and they were sort of a tract entity. It wasn't somebody that was a resident resident of India that maybe not be under as as strict or any screening for for ABS right and you see that in a lot of these countries are like a week our cases, you know, don't worry this by the way was a case that was imported from Iran or Italy or South Koreans like great you caught it, but first of all, I mean, can you say definitively they didn't spread into anyone and second of all, are you only really screening and looking for those imported cases. I mean, I hope that epidemiologists and doctors in policymakers and India aren't so naive to think that that that's the only cases they have right now, I'm sure there's a ton that haven't been looked at because they haven't traveled recently and only Loosely, you know, is that chain connected to but of course at some point connected to some data actually traveled from China or wherever else there's also talk now about the second strain of this coronavirus one of which is more deadly than the other and this is I don't know sort of up in the air for me. I don't know what to believe about it. Yeah, yes. Obviously, I believe there's two different strains distinct strains. I mean each, you know generation is probably slightly distinct from the last but but more distinct in terms of how its expressed and spread and the symptoms and the severity and all that two distinct ones and and you know, maybe I could explain kind of the discrepancy in deaths from from somewhere like Italy which has almost 200 deaths and and For a little over 4,600 cases in South Korea which has 42 deaths and an almost sixty six hundred cases, or is it just because South Korea's testing more and it's so hard to say at this point, but that risk for mutation. I think remains very high risk for deadly mutation. Again. It's been around for six has been longer than six weeks now, it's been widespread pretty widespread in China since, you know mid to early January. It's starting to probably back in and December. Uber November October, you know somewhere in that time period but in that time span, it's it's developed a more deadly and in a slightly less than later less severe less transmissive strain, but that's just one country. Right? I mean the way it works is in theory, you know, if you have a larger and larger population more opportunities for to mutate and then spread those mutations on those meaningful mutations that that change how the sickness or the illnesses is. How the virus is how it affects people that probably increases right and of course it can go both ways less severe as well. But that's something to keep an eye on. I want to talk about the economy the markets here in a second. But before we get to that I'm going to invite you all to to go to your kitchen and you know open up your drawer cabinet, wherever you keep some tin foil make yourself a half put it on because we're gonna kind of move into the tin foil hat realm here. Yeah, and I said, you know jokingly I'm talking about sort of a more than my own potential theories and it's nothing more than that. It's nothing more than speculation. But look at China, you know, there's a lot of speculation about what is the death rate on this. What is the case fatality rate on this because South Korea and and Ron and Italy all are moving targets and the amount that they're actually testing is it's unclear and and the amount of deaths that some of those countries are reporting is probably an accurate. Right, but of course this was sort of originated in China as far as we know and and China was even and continues to be even more opaque, you know at this point that they report, you know, a couple hundred new cases and that's it and and a few dozen more more deaths but it's just so peculiar and obviously not accurate right there. Just giving us feed this bogus numbers at this point as far as I'm concerned. with that being said if we're you know, if we're going to presume that in reality China and their government Somewhere somehow has a more accurate count of the amount of deaths and of course, you know other details like this amount of people that need hospitalization of serious or critical cases, you know, what percentage amount of deaths in the total amount of cases. Let's say hypothetically they have a rough estimate of that. Let's say China, you know, their official estimate of deaths is 3,000, but that's nowhere near the total right? We see these reports of morgues just Working 24/7 cremation actually cremate her as you know, not just morons but working 24/7, you know whole bunch of body bags lined up less and less that coming out now is trying to kind of crack down on it. But but let's say and of course, it's just that Wuhan but I was way let's say that they they've been lying about it all along as many people have suggested including myself. But let's say that, you know, they had a decent, you know, they weren't able to catch every case or every death but say they have a pretty decent feel for how many people are actually infected the real number the four Chinese government eyes and spies Eyes Only number of deaths and and cases. When it's all said and done. China is let's say let's say it worked out like this. They lied about the desk and lied about the cases and it looks like not that big of a deal in China. Let's say hypothetically in a different world based on different numbers half a percent case fatality rate based on totally made-up numbers out of China and but then it spreads and an India you see five percent and 2 percent in South Korea and two and a half in the United States. You just throwing numbers out there that may be more representative. And I've of it and and but but the sequencing shows that it's relatively similar we would be rightfully asking ourselves like wait a second. So China had an opportunity to warn us about how deadly this was and instead they most almost are certainly fudging these numbers. I mean statistically it's just almost impossible for for such a low rate to happen in China. So bear with me here such a low rate of deaths in China. They're fudging these numbers and that would be something that China would invent you have to deal with be a lot of lack of trust in their society. But also, you know the who they would They would have to deal with all that and I don't think they want to deal with that right there. Maybe not a huge fan of the who a lot of people aren't good myself. But but do they want to estrange themselves from The Who as well as a lot of governments. That would be like wait a second. You could have warned us you fed us bogus number. You've had your own Society bogus numbers you hid deaths left and right for the sake of what political stability social stability that's wrong, right maybe huge outcry against and whatnot. So what? Forget tinfoil hat. Hope it's been made put together by now. What if China has that real number a rough estimate of cases and fatalities and they figured out that one of two things that they have to consider. First of all, they know based on the current data what the case fatality rate is and second of all, they know based on the SARS epidemic that as the SARS epidemic progressed and as fewer people are infected. The case fatality rate went up because fewer people fewer people were being infected if you were confirmed cases, but there was an increasing amount of deaths as those that have had it for a week two weeks three weeks plus continue to die and long story short for a while. It looked like hey, this is maybe like three four five percent and when it's all said and done it was like a 10% case fatality rate one of China with our numbers at their modeling that they're just throwing out there. I think totally bogus is trying To emulate that same thing. You see what I'm saying here, maybe these numbers out of China in terms of total cases and total deaths totally bogus, but the rate of fatalities. Maybe they're on maybe that's actually sort of accurate and again tinfoil hat. I'm just spitballing here. No evidence whatsoever to support this but again as I said before, Maybe there's a reason that they're giving it somewhat accurate number with that and as we've seen over time in China that case fatality rate has slowly ticked up as they report fewer confirmed cases, but actually still quite a few deaths which would make sense. You know, if you're going to if your experience your model is a SARS epidemic and that's sort of what you want to make this look like just much worse. But but same trajectory that it's burning out then maybe you would use that as a model just an idea tinfoil hat but Boy won't be surprised to see a similar case fatality rate in countries with similar case load and similar Health Care system. If I don't think I want to talk about quickly here financial news. I mean the markets again down today down. I believe on the week. It's been all over the place after the Fed rate cut and of course a ton of other he's in that they've instituted the name of the game lately has been fiscal stimulus fiscal spending to slow the spread of it. And of course precious metals start by saying this goes been doing great silver has not I think it's a new record high or at least you'd have to go a long ways into the past to find the last time the golden silver ratio was this high like 95 96 to one maybe even higher right now as I speak. So what I'm seeing right now is a lot of relative to cold a lot of value in silver now granted they could both go down in the short to medium term as some have suggested if we're really heading into a major bear market and equities or session we could see that happen much like we did in 2018 or sorry 2008. It's hard to say, but certainly I think that ratio is going to come down significantly. I think there's a lot of value and silver right now and stocks. I don't know there's a lot of systemic risk now and I think it's too early to say that there's any value and stocks except for maybe certain sectors, right? But broadly speaking. I think this Market has a long ways to go to the down. Hey, how about that point seven percent 10-year yield yield on the 10-year treasury pretty crazy. Especially when you consider that you know that that signifies really an exponential and major increase in the price of those bonds. But anyways, as always I'd like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for tuning into today's podcast and God bless.