ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend. We're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be nice. He's new to this. You know, he's still a Revenge e freaking new guy, but yeah. Anyway, Ben and Josh they're not here Rip it's Sunday weeds as a new job. We're going to talk somebody stuff though. Yeah, I don't know if I should say where I work. But if you need any nuts and bolts come hit me up, but you should let him know. I can't you have to Home Depot except it's yeah. Whoo, does he say Home Depot? I can just hear that song of the back of my head. Oh, yeah. You know, we can't say what day is it anymore? Because it doesn't really it's go with it's Sunday sad Sunday sad Son dead Sunday show. Sad Sunday drink Cinco featuring Cinco on a said Sundays, but you know what, even though it's a sad Sunday. I think we could still give him some Florida Florida man stuff, you know sure let's do it, Florida man, Florida man, Florida, man. Do you think if you shut the light the how did how do you do the Bloody Mary thing where you like Oh shut the lights off and you look in the mirror. And you say Bloody Mary Bloody Mary Bloody Mary, you know that bathroom. Do you think you can just go out and do it? You think you could do Florida me or demand for demand? I'll just sit here of meth doubt fat drunk guy just shows up behind you with like a sledgehammer like an axe in his hand. Do you think that Florida men are born or are they is it an acquired thing? We might need to find somebody from Florida to figure this out. That's what we'll do. We'll find where to find somebody we haven't had one guy who's from Florida and then one of us will go to Florida and see which one of us just to see if it comes out. Yeah, just to see whoever does the most whack the kind of things faster his hair whack. Um, you know, what I was thinking is we could like Find somebody from Florida that either we know or an acquaintance of ours knows it's gonna be really hard give him a call and get their take on it we can put them on speaker and we know what the phone up to the Thiele. I just had an idea for your ass for this podcast though. What is this? How we do special calls special calls special calls and some late-night special calls. I don't know about that one. I figured that was your idea. I don't know if people would want to hear my voice that late. So what I'm saying is like, you know, you're gonna call somebody. And you put them put on what I should put him on the podcast and like, you know, especially if they're from Florida. Yeah, but they'll tell you gotta find people from Florida. That's the deal, but I know we gotta find somebody is here's what we gotta do now books exist. Yes. They do. We got to do a conference call with somebody who born and raised floor and 40 in Florida, Florida Florida for died in Florida man, Florida, man, everyone born and raised Florida, man, and then a person that moved into, Florida. Implant for her man and see what they think and get their thoughts on this topic because this is pretty good. I mean, I think we could go somewhere with this. Yeah speaking of but what you got for us this week and what do I have? Okay, so it's not as wild as it has been before. But nineteen-year-old Gavin Krim crime Grim something broke into a home around 4:00 a.m. And started cooking breakfast in this man's house. This guy is completely plastered doesn't know what's going on. I think he just wanted some food the guy who owns the house got up and walk down there and he starts freaking out and do the drunk guy just turns around. He's like Just go back to bed bro. Well, we got criteria here. We got a break in we got we got breakfast. He was he was arrested on burglary burglary charges in a wooded area behind the house nice. So we got crime we got some form of drugs are all custom balls some substance involved and we got them from Florida. So and you got arrested definitely just got to be drunk because first off he's making food, you know, he's just tardy trying to come something obviously. Do we know what day of the week of this was it was on a Tuesday? Oh, no, that's that's tough. You must have it. He's 19 though. So you never know. He might just be like man. I got a school nearby or something. Yeah had a rough weekend. Yes. It's to in the in the story. It says you gotta admit the brass balls hanging from this teenager would be impressive if he hadn't broken the law - that does. A pretty big pair to just walk in and like grab eggs out of somebody's frickin just reg. I don't like is the fact that he didn't even offer the guy and he like he didn't make enough for the whole family. So that's what I was expecting. But I think whatever he came downstairs, he's gonna be like you want breakfast bro, you know, but hey go back to bed. You know. I know if he would have just been like a I'll make some more, you know, you sure if he would have offered him, but I have a different story here, you know would have called the cops. I wouldn't have made it onto the show. Yeah, definitely. I don't know about that one. It's kind of the kind of kooky. Yeah, definitely. Um, but anyways, Florida Man story not as exciting as past stories, but it did fit most of the criteria. Excuse me, you're excused thanks you to finish your piece of where you can have any dessert though. How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat? You'll know it's wrong. That's wrong know what young'uns Pink Floyd song Another Brick cultured. on the XFL my st. Louis battle Hawks three and one leading their conference East-West Wiest East whatever the heck it's called DC Defenders got frickin beat by the LA Wildcats last week in this kind of blows my mind because we've just been shitting on the LA Wildcats and see exactly all started and then they come out and they get a dub against the DC Defenders. Who were Primed in posed to take first place in that division or conference was a lot of turmoil in Washington these days, you know, they probably can't even get on straight for things. I'm actually a big fan of the Roughnecks not gonna lie and represent the home Texas team room with helmets going to put that in there. I just wanted to tell you but your team if that's what's fucking our team. Hey same dog, they're playing right now. I was watching it before wedding. I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure it was an update. We was happy let me find so at the moment Roughnecks are beating the Renegades 21 to have left. Well. Yeah, but you know, what kind of is helping them out? What's up willing them Landry Jones for the Renegades. No, Andrew Jones. He threw three interceptions. He sucks. Yeah, I turned on the game. He's been sucking dude. I turned on the game and there was 12 minutes left in the second quarter and he had already thrown three picks. It's hilarious how he went from me and let's talk of the town for the XFL to where he's performed completely he occur. He is leading the XFL in interceptions and he's only played he's played one less game than every other quarterback. He has seven. That's what I wonder if he's thrown any more since we got to the studio. Let me take a look. But the the Houston Roughnecks are looking pretty Unstoppable to say the least. Yeah, he he still has three interceptions. We have the 50 QB rating. Solid I don't know if that's AI don't I know it's not good. Another F Roughnecks quarterback PJ Walker. He's pretty solid. He I know he plays for the Colts. He was like, he's been doing good. Yeah, he's pretty solid. Yeah. He's pretty good player pretty good ballplayer. You gotta say myself. But anyway, DC. What are you doing? How in the hell are you going to lose? To the cat damn Wildcats all I gotta say who knows? I may be the Wildcats turned things around. What if the Wildcats the will announce when it all went out they win the whole thing La Wildcats take over the universe saying bro. It's only like what week three or four now right for right now, it games right eight or ten ten wasn't Cardiology looks like he's like the franchise was gonna be Landry Jones not the head cardale Jones. He was like the friendliest Run of everything and like he's done terrible. He isn't in terrible. He lost a lot of kids. Well, yeah, but that's just one and you not see this before you win as a team. You lose his team. It's not just one player. I know but did you not see me except I did terrible score wasn't too bad. I beg to differ 39:39 into that's true. Oh, well, the Wildcats had like one running back that they just like picked up and then he scored four touchdowns. I know but you would think team nine think I was sounds like yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's like about that team nine feeling fine. That's all I got on the ex fell for this week. I didn't watch any X of that's weak not gonna lie. I've been I didn't either I watched like to drives of the of the Renegades the Roughnecks comments about here. Yeah. It's a sad Sunday Kind of the vibe is different. I feel tired weather's great. The weather is great weather is nice not cold. It's just right hoarsely. It's almost wondering whether wonderful weather. We're having we're freakin talking about the weather. I know that's what you have on the show next thing. You know, we'll be reading straight from the Farmers Almanac. Well, it's supposed to rain the next two weeks. Any new news with the with corn lately corn prices are down to dollars a bush God. That would be crazy. That'd be a lot. anyways What month is it now? It's March and March and March. They would that mean you know, that is right. Right baby, March Madness spring break. What's the spring break? A lot of fun. That's all I got to say must be nice living over by the free. Oh, oh, yeah. Anyways, March Madness is coming up. Oh, man. My button didn't work there goes. Oh there went March Madness coming up going to have the big NCAA tournament. I have not watched a single millisecond of NCAA basketball not even a thing, but I will read off. The top 10 in the standings right now. Out of the top 25 and why don't just based off a names and Records. I want y'all to give a prediction for who's gonna win it. Okay, is that what do you think about that as you wish I was doing yeah when making brackets right now, we're making we're making a just to pick clear pic. Yeah, so the rankings Kansas number one Baylor number two cans Agra number three Dayton number for date. They're pretty good. They're not bad San Diego State number five Flo Rida state number six a Florida man State Duke and can Duke is number seven Kentucky's number eight Maryland's number nine and Creighton is number 10 for sure Duke's gonna be out there horrible. I mean, they're twenty three and four, they might be two or three or four, but if you look at the people they've lost to I mean, it's horrible. Kansas wins it all. Oh, I think I'm going Dayton really dating. That's Cinderella Story who you're dating Baylor's only lost like one game Jim horrible joke. But I thinking I'm thinking Kansas though. I can just I feel like Kansas is always really good. And I don't know if they did. It doesn't seem like they win the championship like all the time but like that just means our do for you know, I but look at Baylor to they've had like their season was like it's saying and then they like they finally lost their first game in like this wholesalers problems through in any sport. They've been pretty good Baylor's problem in any sport is choking. The others know Joe they're going to get down there and they'll choke ya looking football. Like I didn't know where they just started doing really good and then they choked really hard now and then they got the worst teams and then they got a case most best you they were good too. Oh, yeah, but now their coach is gone rule went to yeah, he wants answers. What do y'all think about the silver Cinderella? You think Dayton could win at their 25 and to know if I classify them as was Cinderella? Yeah, they're 25 and to I mean, they probably haven't played any like ranked teams. It's true. I shall look. Yeah, they're playing like st. Louis and st. Bonaventure and Houston Baptist. Okay. So Shadow I've heard he's a no-good code easy. Yeah. I mean they could say probably they probably count then I guess I could go with you. Well, that's it for March Madness. We don't know basketball. Sorry, we don't play basketball. So we wouldn't I mean, I'm not bad at basketball. I'd really like to see you shoot a free-throw. It's true if I play horse. So it terrible. I can't play horse anymore. I'm telling y'all we able is probably the best five seven point guard Hefty basketball player I've ever seen. I almost killed a kid one time recreationally at least you remembered you remember our three on three team? Yeah, I do. We were the we were the the fat five the fact that time we had four linemen and major. Yeah, we did we did. That was the game almost killed a kid. He did he did he hit the kid came driving Baseline and he went out he pump-faked and I went to be faked he Me I jumped I went up and the kid didn't move and I didn't go straight up. I went like up and out because I was going to get over him. How'd you know, I was gonna volleyball Spike the basketball down into his face. Yeah, but I landed on him and his legs were probably about shoulder width apart, you know, and his knees just like folded in and shoot folded like laundry covid like laundry or lawn chair. This kid looked like he was probably a hundred and ten pounds soaking wet hundred ten pounds in at this. Point I was like 270 and we get up after it happens and the kid goes dude. So you're going to break my neck like gosh. Am I that fat? Oh my goodness, but that was a fun. Turn out good times. The next game was when we played like all the athletes. Oh, yeah, and you don't like job with chance. We saw no. I did make like five three-pointers in a row though. Did you that was cool but by that Wait half our team had quit because it was just it was just three little bit of running so much out of the fat five. There was only three left who stayed for that game. So no subs or anything like that. Oh gosh. That was a that was fun tournament though. We need to do it again next year. Yeah. Thanks mean do it not easily. You better put on some weight big fella. No, I don't need to I'm already pretty sorry. I'm already a husky. If you want to be on the vat 5 you need to put on some weight. I'll get up to like I'm talking to Tim. I'm talking to you. I'm talking to today. The to the 225 and up Club. I mean 225 give me like two years two years. Who Years bro? Well, you're a lot younger than us. I was gonna say I was gonna say it gone. I was been saved by then. You'll just be sitting on your porch with a 24 raqqa. Whatever you drink just trying will be probably lemonade or something. Well beyond like episode like 500 by that point, you know. We will yeah, probably. Somebody's talking the show because I won't be able to upload it. Oh, by the way. Are on Spotify now we are that's going to be where you will be listening to this podcast because we filled up all our room on Soundcloud and we're not paying for it. So sorry if you downloaded the app and possibly in the future, I've heard that Apple music might be an option or apple podcast. Sorry indeed. Yeah. Well, he isn't did I say that? No, it's just me a couple days ago. Yeah, it's all good. Remember what I had for breakfast. All right. Well, I've taken a lot of hits to the Head. CTE is a myth there. You gotta miss all in your head. You obviously have literally never seen that Tonio Brown when he was like lifting into that barge is like, oh, yeah. That is he was my dumbass of the week begins right here. That was well. Really? Yeah, maybe you should listen to our show and you'd know, you know, I listen to how am I going to you know, what I'm gonna have to make sure I'm have to like make a quiz for future guests a quiz like a 10-question quiz, they should be equal segments based on our old episodes and see how could they? Yoo-hoo you do like Family Feud, you know one thing I do remember formulas other podcast was about the Florida man with like the little sack of cocaine he had in his did. He not you too failed right there the hell what do you have meth meth, man? Oh, yeah. That's right affordable. Yeah, he had he had the weekday drugs. Nothing not the weekend drugs. Okay, that's pretty that was a something else. All right. Well anyways, we're going to go we're gonna talk about something else now NFL combine started this week. Just wanted to say it is a big week for the big body brand. Two dudes playing defensive tackle at the NFL combine weighing over 300 pounds each. Ran under a for 840 doesn't move them dude. There was a dude that was six seven weighed like 357 pounds when he ran that five one five one. Yeah, that's moving. Yeah, that's scary. I said he was like three seven years and like yeah playing tackle. Let's see Khalil Davis of Nebraska shout-out Cornhuskers ran a four seven five and he weighs 308 pounds and Neville Galley more of Oklahoma ran a four seven nine and he weighs 304 pounds. Could you imagine a dude that fast in that big coming at you to hit you? I know you scary. All right, let's get to the good position the linebacker position. Let's get you know what I mean? I mean the show no, but I'm hey I'm here for it. But I mean I'm here for it to is that what was that back there? Who don't four point three nine. You think you think he's not a small dude either he thinks he's thinks he's smooth but I had Isaiah Simmons story screenshot it on their own. Maybe if you were just stay. In your place and follow the host like you're supposed to none of this would ever happen. I'm especially yes. I'm a one-time kind of yeah, he's a special gift getting your not suppose. I'm getting I'm just messing with these a podcast and happy to have you here. I appreciate you and let's talk about linebackers. Let's do it. So y'all wanna start off mr. Host. Yeah, sure Isaiah Simmons linebacker / safety / cornerback / all-around. Beat for the Clemson Tigers ran a 4-3 940 at today's NFL combine. I hurried and fills up the water bottles. Do you think really what are they putting in the water out there before we go out there perhaps a feel he plays every position. He takes care of the field, you know, the equipment manager. He's you know, he does it all what can he not do Probably speak like German or something like that. That's pretty good. I was not expecting that. I was trying to think like maybe he can't like be the towel boy as well. No, he's probably like if he's feeling up if he's filling up water. If you don't see how he could do the towels at the same time, you know, what and while he's on the field. He's just an all-around player. That's what he is. I'm excited to see what he is what he does. Did y'all see that story about belcheck going to that is like Middle Tennessee. It was like pouring down rain. He was pouring down rain the kid didn't get an invite to the combine but belcheck went there instead of going to the combine to go watch that kid work out and it was just that kid and he stood out in the pouring rain put out in the pouring rain. That's pretty cool. It'll be a shame if I would be hilarious. It is suck. But I mean if you think about it, they'll check whenever they come would never admit it though. He that kid it was terrible. He would know. Yeah, but you got to think about this. It's like if Belichick was there, it gives other coaches and idea of like how good this kid actually is. Yeah about it. You know what I mean? Yeah, I mean, but there is letdowns to like JaMarcus Russell. Yeah people thought he was going to be pretty good. Geez. What happened? There you go. It's kind of like, you know, when? Not knocking on any kids whose dads were there like high school football coach or anything, but the kids who completely suck in their dad's just like try to get them all the exposure ever, but I don't know. I don't know where I'm going with this. You know, it should bring you strength was it was it was it was it right? There are sometimes not even that. I mean like if Middle Tennessee sucked Can show like it's somebody's just sitting there hyping him up. Like hey, man, you got to come watch him go to come watch him in Bill Belichick's shows up in the pouring rain and he's like I just wasted a few thousand dollars in a bit at the combine. I could have been at the combine. You know, we should bring up Joe Broz little hands. Oh, did you hear that? He was like he was like, well my hands are too small to grip the football. I might as well just retire now. He didn't do anything at the call, but he didn't know he didn't run you didn't throw he didn't do anything. I don't think he has to know. Yeah, probably not he's doing the interviews though. Any yeah, I saw Video on Twitter and it was the somebody crap Joe Burrows face over this lady and corrupt the bangle sign over this dude, and they did the scene from where they're saying Baby It's Cold Outside what he's trying to do not get her to leave and those bagels trying to pull Joe burrow in because they're thinking he's not going to do it but there might be a possibility of him pulling and Eli Manning and saying yeah, that's what there is. No, I don't want to go play there. I want to go somewhere else. Yeah, but I mean he's from Ohio so I don't see why you think he would and I mean Zack Taylor that is their head coach. He was a quarterback at Nebraska. I mean he knows how does he knows he knows how to throw the football. He played quarterback. He knows the mechanics of playing quarterback. He's gonna it'll be a good place to just wanted to talk about another guy from Nebraska. No. Yes, Nebraska sucks. All right. Mr. Gig mm. Yes, sir. You only never want to eat we've we've just over here like all right. Well, thanks for being on the show think that's getting ready as you bring up. Y'all season from last year. We're not bringing anything that - exactly did you did you say you want to bring up the past? You want to bring up the past? Yes, I do. You want to bring up the past? How many national championships is Texas A&M have zero? Yeah. That's what I thought a big old goose egg was the last time to Braska went to a bowl game. Exactly three years ago three years ago and them has made it at least eight times in a row. Okay, look up who has the longest Bowl streak at the moment. He named has that the moment, it's hilarious. Are you I'm staying out of this one Chief go Tigers go Tigers. I don't even know what to say about this word. Because I don't want to hurt his feelings. Well, what do you have your the host of the show? So you can really do whatever you want. I can do whatever I want. I tried to put my Knuckles but didn't work. There are winning right there. It went. What is it a brass Commander? I can't be can't pop his knuckles five national championships. That's great. Three Heisman winners what those all we have? Are you ever worn? You have to we have to show we played in one hand while I was born Johnny Manziel. Oh my God. John who and John David curve John Denver John Denver John David booty from USC that's roads kind of true. He wanted like in the 40s bro. That doesn't count. Yes. It does 40s and 50s. Okay. Well, then just went Southwestern's players could have won a Heisman them. Oh you think so? Yes, okay because we were D1 they could and we did showed up all the Sun Bowl champions 1943. That was it. I don't know we're undefeated against TCU though, true undefeated and iOS you and you know, we it was it. I think we ve T to last time we played. Yep. Everybody beats UT though. Well, so I'm off that's cap. So What they called right ass. That's what they call a you might want to get that checked out. Yeah, why go to your dog? That sounds that sounds about as bad as Rader a red ass red ass. That sounds so basically it's like, you know what we're true eggy, you know and see I have you ever been to College Station. Yes. Yeah a fast through have you seen like somebody just complete decked out in ain't him. Yes. That's a red ass people that I mean, I'll probably get some criticism from it, but You know because I don't know all the details apparently, but in Agee is what you call red ass. There's that what do I might have a theory on why it is that we just might have a theory or I got a theory on why y'all are called red asses. Yeah, I'd really want to know why they call you Wailord us well because we husk corn there's we produce chord we used to be the Nebraska bug eaters. But and then it changes to the Nebraska Cornhuskers because all the corn you eat comes from Nebraska hashtag, Iowa corn sucks. But here's my theory on Texas A&M. You know, how y'all got the core? Yes, instead of like cheerleaders. It's probably some weird stuff going on and that's why I'll hey right ask my girlfriend was in the corps command. You just say real dudes, I guess thank her for her service. Thank her for her service. Really? I'm gonna be listening to this one. Okay. All right. I'm just letting you know, she's gonna laugh as I know she is she's gonna laughs she's gonna laughs she laughs at you. Yeah, because I'm funny to be very does have a girlfriend. He does have a girlfriend wait weeps. I'm so lonely. What were you even talking about it? I don't remember. We don't want to meet a guy and just March Madness. Oh, I started talking about Zack Taylor coach for the bangle. That's right. And then you were like you just want to do something but nothing. Oh, yeah. But anyway, so right now I don't know it's a weird vibe, but I like it don't think it's too bad. It's pretty fun without a good time. The the outline for the yeah, of course. Thanks for coming. Oh, yeah, the the like outline we had for today. Show was thrown together in 10 minutes. I just found out what the topics when he showed up showed up. So but anyways, we're going to move on to what do you have to say any more Sports this week? So we're just wing it. Neither. Did I shout out job but uh job job. Who's that Home Depot don't know where people keep walking by and it trips me out. But anyways, I'm just got some we haven't heard any more voices in her head and her the Florida man. In a while, we haven't heard him in a while. We did the why little while but anyways, we'll go on to the best shitty movie category. Just kind of came up with this one on the spot because I am well known in our house for picking the worst movies ever that that everybody thinks this hair removal kicks the most garbage movies and he loves them the way all trap the way I say suck so much if a movie if am I can't get this But your taste in movies is so damn terrible. It makes me physically hurt whatever you put on movies. So what exactly is this? If a movie makes me laugh more than 5 times, they're not even funny. I will deem it as a good movie. What was the last bad one that I picked? Oh the package. I laughed so much at that movie movie sucks so much. Basically the guys played over the guy even left. I think I may be like Lightly exhaled for my nostrils point before I went back to my room because that was just used so bad. Usually when I put a movie on in the living room anymore. Everybody just leaves. I know like two weeks ago. I put on the movie Death Race and everybody who left I would have left. Hi because this is a terrible movie. Sorry, you know what? I'm sorry. I like had to be like shitty movies. Okay? All right under movies make me laugh. I laugh very easily at movies and I thought it was funny. Not Death Race Death. Race was just like So action stupid that it was interesting that makes sense what everybody has a terrible movie they like I definitely have you just have too many have a good one. I've had to have too many. What's another is there any more you can think of that I've liked put on and every one of them, I think what the hell dude he's been so many of them Bunch been so many. All right. What do you got? I got Dumb and Dumber. Yeah, that's not a bad movie. That was stupid. You're stupid. It's made to be so stupid. It's called Dumb and Dumber furries. Yes, don't get me wrong. Yeah, like the movie but it is very stupid. I don't know if you've seen the second one, but that was even worse. I think they're all first one is the best. Have you seen my opinion you seen when Harry met Lloyd Dumb and Dumber I know what you're talking about. No, I have not. Oh my goodness that's like to for bag. Anyway, what's good about dominoes these good about Dumb and Dumber. Well, it's two best friends that are Just do stupid things. I mean, it's just straight to the point. We got no money. No food. Our pets heads are falling. That's something I'm not sure if it's bad but it started in farm. Well, I got worms that movie is great. I love that movie. I do come on. I could quote it word for word because I love the end. Where the supermodels are driving? Yeah, they're like we need somebody to come oilless up on the beach and they were like, well, there's a town about two miles that way. No, maybe he's like I'm here because whenever you realize what you've done my favorite part is whenever they get pulled over by the local cop, like don't you know, it's illegal to have an open container in the state of Pennsylvania and he's like give me that boozy pumpkin head. Get free drinks piss. I don't know. I think I don't know. I think that's like the funniest part of the movie when it's pretty good because it combines like Just Stupid humor with like a little bit of slapstick a little bit there. But like like when they're going across America or whatever I come on the moped or whatever. Oh my gosh. That was funny. Nothing sells a van just to get yeah, I think your movie just gave me a hot take but I'm going to save it for the holidays. All right, you do that we use. What's your what's the movie the movie I chose is Mortal Kombat that we've never seen you ever see Mortal Kombat that movies. Okay. So imagine imagine you're not missing much that's good. All right. Well at least tell me the minute I don't have have you played Mortal Kombat video game. Okay. It's the movie. I didn't even know they had a movie. Yeah, it was the movie first. No, it was the arcade game. That was very nice game for - yeah, that game is fun though. It is it is a fun game, but it was terrible graphic graphic 1991 computer-generated and CGI that looks About how you'd expected to like it the the graphics are just so bad that it's like I don't know Tara will see Yugi. Sorry you couldn't follow no. No, I thought it was okay and I don't know seems like I don't know. It just seems like they can do it was it's horrible on it, too. It was a good shitty movie. There's a good shitty movie. Let mr. George what so before we start. I just want to know why why would you pick that movie though? Cuz I liked it. That's it was just shitty, but I liked it. Okay. All right. Well, I don't know if that's what gear I told actually being shitty to because I know what you're like in denial about those but I am that one you're like, yeah, this is bad move, but it was a bad movie, but I liked it. I don't know I guess is history. Yeah, you got you got anything Spider-Man 3 Spider-Man 3 is super entertaining. I understand that it's it's campy as hell. It's like I don't know you can tell that with the director didn't even want to make the movie and the story are he wanted to make it his way and the story is just it's pretty terrible all around but it makes me think back to whenever like superhero movies were a lot simpler and they were like made to be kind of corny and everything and I really like that about it. That's the He's like walking down the street and he just like hip gyrating did the decorating work out maybe like emo phases out and I play the piano and everything. Yeah. Yeah, you'll get your money. He was goddamn door. Yeah, so so whenever he's like whenever he's like it becomes a bad guy after he kills likes a man or he thinks he kills him and he like walks up in this Alleyway and like looks in his leg in this mirror and all he does is just like put his hair over his eyes, you know, he's that's how you know, he's like gone evil and everything and I just stuff like that. I just want why I enjoy that movie so much. I did like that guy who played Spider-Man the best out of all the guys who have played Spider-Man Tobey Maguire. That's true. Whatever. His name is. Yeah, the the little kid and the newer Spider-Man movies Tom Holland, he's good, but they're doing there at the same. They're not same kind of movie. You know, they like superhero movies. I've changed a lot since then and those going to be honest. I'm not really a huge fan on superhero. I'm not either having it hard. It's the last episode I talked about it. This is part of my quiz. No, no, we reference the Lost episode like every time we come on the show. It was the one we just we were going to do day one and we never ended up recording anything about it. So we couldn't figure out how to do it and we keep referring to calling back to the stuff that happened on it. One day. We are one of my things I said was like I didn't think she removes her that great. And now that's just a part of my heart take like they're just interesting to me at all. I don't know what it is. Cinco would rather sit down. Well, they're all the same and I mean the Avengers is okay watch professional bull riding. Hey, hey, I've been watching him Sonia now. I love watching it. The best board Riders race the best bull rider. Okay. Okay. You don't know who that is? No, I don't are you don't watch bull rider? There's no. Yeah, you know, I hardly watch anything you a tour. I'm not a cowboy. I've never claimed to be a cowboy. Hat Dale brisby. No. But I know who he is. I haven't heard him say that but I did want to say the way Spider-Man gets his powers in. The Tobey Maguire movies is a lot better than the way he gets powers of the other movies. Like one like the how he how he gets bit and then like the webs like actually come out of his ribs, like trying to figure it out anything but in the other movies dead me like you'd like settlement builds it. Yeah, the other ones it's like he builds anything that webs on was an add-on or something like that. Yeah. Yeah, though the original Spider-Man trilogy was was just pretty much gives great man was it was like it's how I it was like when I back in really love superhero movies because they were like that versus like The Avengers where it's a lot of you know, Overarching longer stories where it just ends up becoming similar plot lines and everything that you're just for me the Green Goblin scared the shit out of me when I was a kid scary dude, it's creepy. Whenever you're younger. I know the guy we got scared this super hero or the villain big guy over here. No, honestly big man, and I think of this has never been scared in his Spider-Man 3 That's a good movie. Well, thank Waterboy Waterboy. Yeah, it's good reference. Yeah, so we just like last week we were going to talk about the NBA dunk contest but it happened so long ago so long ago. I don't know if we should you only can we just record we can we can just reference it. Just made. Sure Aaron Gordon is the best dunker on the planet got robbed and he got robbed for the second time. He should have won twice now. Yeah, but he's a freak of nature and the people that were judging the contest are big stupid idiot. Nice. Yeah, you should already told the reporter. He said I'll never do another dunk contest and I don't blame them because you know because everybody wins he said he's got rig like the last three times. So yeah, I definitely don't blame him in its wild definitely big big dumb. Anyways, we can move on to hot takes then that was real quick. It was like it wasn't even 30 seconds and that's fine did really? Well. I'm proud of us. We did a good job party all you know, you're the host. Thanks very much. Anybody got a hot take you know start. Yeah you go ahead. Okay, so so when Cinco was talking about Dumb and Dumber? I had an epiphany. I've been saying this for quite a long time. Jim Carrey's a comedic genius that is my hot take is that is that a hot take and he's gonna agree to that Jim Carrey's a comedic genius and one of the funniest Canadians to ever live never. I think there's a lot of Canadian. That wasn't a very good hot take I mean, it wasn't bad. I don't know if I don't think it's out of still think it's too hot. I think it's just more of a let me let me more lukewarm Luke take lukewarm take. Okay. Y'all go ahead then and I'll think of it. I won't you let me go ahead. It goes right. I'll go so Top Gun vs. Top Gun 2. Which was a ideas on it so forth, but it's not a hot take know. I know I know I'm questioning first. I don't think so and then we'll start I don't think you can top top gun one top top. I've never seen it. Oh SpaghettiOs. Are you serious? Yeah, I'm serious. I've never seen ever seen Tarzan Top Gun Monroe you've have okay. Look, I know he talked about his shitty movies. Yeah, but this is definitely not what this is what I'm definitely suggesting that you need to watch. So like yeah highly recommend, but anyways to start my hot take I believe that you know, a lot of people talk down on top again, but table two is going to be horrible my opinion. I'll see you Tom Cruise, but he ain't looking the same way. He used to look but Mom's not even it isn't isn't Val Kilmer in it. I think so because I'm not as worried. I wouldn't be as worried about Tom Cruise because he's does all his own stunts and somehow he's like reverse aging sometimes but like Val Kilmer, he's know like I don't he know he's used to look man. Stop going to is very different now because now they have like, you know not talking down on anybody, but now they have women pilots now of course, which is like, you know, they're just changing it. You know trying to yeah and eyes it which is cool and all you know, but like I know everything is like changing. It just looks very weird isn't the first one like pure just like Bros being Bros. Yeah, like isn't that like I took a last okay last semester in my English class. We wrote a paper and we did it off the top Corner. Yeah. Yes. We did it Off The Top Gun. And so basically Top Gun like the first one was just all about Bros love and You know the name classic American movie basically. Yeah your average American male. That's always about. Yeah, like that's that's what was what I was kind of understood. Yeah. It was like a movie like about a couple of guys being dude. Yeah kind of like us, you know now but they had it they had it somebody wrote an article about bros before hoes. That's what they titled it about Top Gun. We don't use that word here. I know we don't but he respect women in this room. We only say brothers. We only just say it like that was an article that we read. Hmm. And then yeah, I don't know. This is a very weird hot take I have a question, right? So, you know, how in Top Gun? I might ruin a part for you here as a closer, you know, when you know when they're playing sand volleyball. Yeah, and it's all dudes. It's all do yeah. Wait. Wait. Wait, wait. Wait, do you think in Top Gun to it'll be Because it's all women right it'll be a mix. It'll be 2 or 200. I was gonna say, you know, no I was gonna say do you think the women are like all playing pickup basketball? What's that supposed to mean? Yeah, why do they have to play basketball? Why can't they play volleyball? So what's the deal guys respecting women? Love but why wait? So are you saying that women can't play bass guitar you saying women can't play basketball it are you saying what's wrong with you? So stay out of hockey. We're out of pie. Are you saying that women can't play volume now OU know what I'm saying? Disrespecting women down. Okay, it's in the Olympics and the Olympics the more people watch the men sand volleyball tournament or the women sand volleyball women both know more people watch the way more people watch women. So I'm saying that the dudes in Top Gun one. We're playing sand volleyball, right? Okay. Okay. Okay. What's your point do people do more people watch men's basketball or women's basketball men's basketball. Okay, so I'm saying because dude the dude's was playing volleyball, which most people watch women's volleyball. Do you think that I'm doing it as like a playground zero this out of proportion? I am blowing your mind. Oh, no, that's what go. That's what's going on your turn. I'm blowing your mother. Okay, here's what's really gonna happen. They're gonna they're gonna crack some Mountain Dew. And play Call of Duty. All right, that's better we go. That's what they're going to do. They're gonna they're gonna get on the sticks, you know, and definitely and get the gaming because that's what the that's the are actually monetize. There's gonna be sick sick like FaZe Clan style Montage that they're gonna bring up during the movie. I said instead of playing volleyball, they're playing they're playing e sports games and stuff like that. That's a new thing though. Yeah. Oh, yeah these Sports huge dude. I feel like my heart. Take Heart Take. Sorry my allergies or hot Tad. Yes hot tea. I feel like we've gone from point A to point C. Definitely because we went from talking about Top Gun 2 volleyball and basketball and out to video. You're welcome horse. So this is going to be very interesting to everybody. It's just how is she well, that's how our show is that's just how I don't know. I don't know. We don't care. That's it. That's the deal here. Okay, whatever y'all think if y'all don't like the show, then you shouldn't be 48 minutes into this. Episode honestly, I'm gonna say and if you do like the show and you have suggestions, maybe I'll post a Twitter poll some time for y'all to vote on something or tell me what to say. But until then we don't care. There you go simple as that, we're gonna do what we do. It's a podcast. It's just like s and this is just what you guys being dudes just talking be essent. Yeah. Yep was my heart take what was yours? I'm sorry. Is in the past I have said that boneless wings are just chicken nuggets, right? That's a big deal. Right? Well boneless wings are just chicken nuggets and compared to regular bow and wings. They suck boneless wings are trash compared to regular wanes and they're just chicken nuggets. No, why not? Well, this wings are the best wings. Here's you don't have to worry about a bone. I mean, that's just it. Well, here's what I have to say is because being being a fat guy. Okay, I want to do the least amount of work possible to eat all my food. Okay, and if I have boneless wings, I can use a fork stick it stick it pop the whole thing in my mouth eat it because like that. Have you also know we don't you want to eat wings don't you want to eat food that tastes better though here? I think they taste. And I think they taste fine. But anyways, if I have bone-in Wings, which I'm not going to crap on those because they taste fine. They taste good. I like them both, but I get bone in I gotta pick it up. I gotta I gotta eat the bone clean fingers. I have to set the bone down you poor thing and then I have to lick my individual fingers. You have to breathe in but I have to bring up the liquor my individual fingers to get the sauce off my fingers and then I have to give An extra then I have to get a moisture. I'll let then I have to get a moist towel it to dry my fingers off waist. Yes. Why don't you just use a regular napkin because Buffalo Wild Wings gives you moist towelettes. Well, I've been there in all of youse is napkin. So you're like Bonus, my son. Am I lying when I always grab them and I think the whole thing and I put them in my truck. Okay, you know what? All right fine you made your point anyways, so with the bone Wings, have you seen like people like they like push down on it and then they just eat it. That's what I'm even done. That sounds of every what it's so efficient. It's great. I have to try it dude. I'm telling you bone in wings are like a top-tier food boneless wings are like who hasn't been in your opinion. What place has the best wings around here? Yeah. No just in general just in general probably puckers. They're like, but it was like he's been like fuckers in like Austin like the one in San Marcos like are busy fuckers. So what there's a plug is going. There's a bucket in San Marcos and they really there's this thing we have it's like a term it's called San Marcos hang it up and they really did that and it's basically we're just makes it a tear if not as good and because I'm not his date. But like the one in think pokers in Austin, that's a that's a great place to go get wings. But like that's more to the right what the Pluckers and also yes were originally. Yeah, okay, but like more convenient for me. I'm a Wingstop guy. I'm not big. I'm not I'm not a big being beat up fans to be honest. It's overpriced to ya beat us and they're just they're just not that good to me. Please wait some like some like a sweet and spicy Asian or something like that or like Buffalo my buffalo. Buffalo. My favorite Oh, you mean like the sauce just blow which it was awesome. I thought you were like the flavors we could talk to we could go. How do you Source your wings? Whatever Dippin Dots? My favorite my favorite sauce to have my wings tossed in is jamming. Jalapeno from Buffalo Wild Wings big jalapeno guy. I'm gonna dip them in ranch. You are a big guy. I am. Oh I did have a question. Have you all ever so I just thought about this when I was talking about being fat and it being difficult you have to put more energy into either bone in way and now I'm fat, but I'm not like Morbidly obese maybe am I you're not. Okay good. Thanks. Thanks buddy. Find out. I will find out by the time we're done when we do our our decks that thing for for class. But uh anyways nerd do you think? Yeah, I like school. But anyways, do you think that Like very large people get out of breath. Just eating they could depends on how large like, I mean, I guess it depends on the type of food, too. Yeah depends on how much if they're just scarfing down boneless wings without taking a breath then ya know they're chilling if it's boneless wings are chilling, right? I don't know. How enough why are you? Why did you point at me? Like, I know I heard talking about it. Have y'all ever seen anybody not like personally? No, I don't really know. Don't know anybody who could happen on it. They're like eating cereal and they're just like shoveling it into their mouth and just that I personally saw that I would I would be disgusting. Yeah. It was just a video of Ezekiel Elliott rules just like that's really and I've maybe like the food requires more effort like lien crawfish and stuff like that. Like maybe you have the cut of steak. You know that yeah. Oh, I just thought of something like magic. Yeah. We're on a radio show they Can't see you know, I know I'm just talking. Oh Bingo Wings Bingo bat wings, Bingo wings wings. You can fly whenever you got that them that day. I think I think all right. I got to think it did look kind of weird. I think they could do like a flying squirrel flies like, you know how their they open up their arms and it just kind of really understand the reference. We're talking about like extra extra. Actually get underneath your own skin. Let's say that Bingo is because when you win Bingo you hold your card up and you start swinging it and then it starts flapping. I thought of a new hot take what's that? Awesome doing multiple hot takes today? I would because we have to fill in for yeah. Well, I had a terrible one to start it off. It was lukewarm. Yeah, that was a little Bush light the nectar of the Midwest. The nectar of God is the best beer to ever bless the planet Earth. No, of course live, baby. No, neither of those because you can pair you can pair a bush to cores, right is this because they taste to me they taste almost they taste almost identical. That's the thing there but the best beer I've ever is probably like a Modelo or something like that. Hello Tom the best beer ever and I hate him. I hate to break this to everybody but because I'm a proud American but the best beer ever made is definitely not made in America. I beg to differ Busch Light is the best beer ever. What was yours made? My Busch Light. Yeah in the midwest where I expect from the Homeland specifically, I don't know Amy see he knows he knows where st. Louis Keys baby. He's comes from the Colorado Rocky Mountain. Okay, so we're not talking about water all beers made with water. I don't know. I've never had any younger one had it in my life. Never had beer everybody. So the smell of it. I just give it to my dog everyone. A while and that's how I know I think you know as a kid, you know, I was I was just I was just so used to just give them my dad a beer. That's was just yeah. Yeah lucky. That's what if you want the beer man. I don't know why you were born cool beans. This is my first podcast since I've turned 21. Wow old man old man on this show should have cracked one open. What an old head was great man. I had a beer for the first time ever. Come on dice. I have to wait. I have to wait two more years. I'm sorry. I have to wait three more months. Are we going to see you? Remember whenever was it during last year's Super Bowl like Bud Light or something like that made fun of some corn farmers and they all they all got real pissed off some like that. You member that really never heard about that. It was like the corn farmers of America and everything sent out a very angry tweet to a to the Bud Light weight. They can order I think the funniest well, that's where I saw his on Twitter. So I think we should bring up the Cool Ranch Dorito. We already talked. I don't play with you. It was just well, it's a it's a ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show. This is an addition. Yeah. My favorite segment, honestly. All right spread. Okay. Well favorite segment you have do you have what? No, no, you're going the wrong way to go. So your hometown Southwestern football player Caesar. He is my da of the week. So that's that's my explain to us. What so yesterday on a Saturday. We were at an event and there was a couple magicians there that were shown us a couple magic tricks. And so the first one that came Came up just decided to blow Caesars mind. And so he decided to take some cards from magician. Take five minutes off came back. Try to show us the trick did not work at all whatsoever. You tried but it was fun more than once and then yeah, you tried more than once definitely did and so the second magician came up and was doing a rope trick. I know if you have ever seen that or he has the large medium and small. And then he makes it into there all along. Yeah, well he wanted to try but thank God magician said no. So yeah. Yeah, you know and then we asked him a couple questions. I don't know if y'all been around whenever you ask him to name like all 50 states or something. Well yesterday we did all 32 football teams in the NFL. He did it. He jaded on the last three. Okay. Well, I probably couldn't name all of them. But yeah, but he was named he was numbering off of three. I'm proud of him. I am to die out of him. Look. I've only known Caesar for like 1 month and a half now. Yeah, and he's a funny guy. Don't get me wrong. It's hilarious. But yesterday that was that was funny. That was funny. He thought he was a magician. I want to say this is specifically to Caesar and anybody else who tries something like that. So it's easier if you're listening you better pay attention here. If you're going to do something as lame as magic gotta do it right because at least at that point you have something that like yeah, I'm doing magic but like it's cool, right because I'm doing it, right. Yeah, yeah, so I mean, yeah, but Caesar all over bro. Cool cool cool beans because they're also from Southwestern University. But if you've been listening to the podcast, you know them a little bit better. Oh, there are co-host normally here Josh and been dumbasses. Yeah, they can be here because they tired and I'm just saying that means they're not dedicated some people just ain't cut from the same mold yeah that's what I'm saying so it is I'm using up my dumbass of the week to shout out them for wussing out of being here on a Sunday podcast with Cinco with six weeks ago the replacement really maybe for today okay I'll just say I'll let me know okay and you're like our team nine guy even though your team night guy I'm your substitute yeah substitute teacher So my dumbass of the week is did you all see that picture of Garth Brooks wearing the Barry Sanders jersey? Yeah, all my dumbass of the week is everybody that thought he was wearing a Bernie Sanders jersey. That was funny. I'm not gonna get political on this show but on both sides that if he were like spittle. Oh the tides be supporting Bernie Sanders. Yeah, if you don't know that ever been in this North if you don't see that that's a lion's Jersey and it's number 20 and you don't think that's fair. Said you got something wrong with you. You might be an American. I haven't seen that actually you haven't no I have not. It was just like a normal shirt David Garth Brooks Garth Brooks. Somebody took a picture of him from the back of the jersey and all you saw was his cowboy hat his jersey and people are like, oh my gosh, I can't believe you're supporting Bernie Sanders. And then the other side was like whoo. He's supporting Bernie Sanders glad to have you set for yeah, and they're very very soon. Are they related? Today, yeah, did Bernie go to Oklahoma State to and win a Heisman might be cousins or something? I don't know. He looks like an All-Pro running back. Yeah, definitely back back back in the back in the day back in his day back in his day. But now I'm not too sure. Well you own a vote. Yeah, we do need to vote. All right. Well, we may or may not be. Yeah, we vote we may or may not let y'all know who wins but we're going to point. To who wins so who won where I'm going to count to three and then you point out who's was the best? Okay getting ready? 1 2 3 It's a three-way tie hi shit. I don't know what to do. Now. That makes us the dumbasses. So I think we can all agree that I'll get a point for that. It's just well, let's go get it. Keep it out of you get a point. I appreciate that. I get a point. I'm up to two points. Now. We just want your mother 3. It's a sad Sunday. What kind of what kind of vibe or you'll feel in to close out the show and you know, I'm feeling a little country music country had coach Music sad that it was a good show. I don't get why it has to be so but you know, it started a little rough, but I did start doing right now. We have to end it. That's that's what's what about the pirated movies song high rated movie. Oh, I'm kidding. We're not doing that. Dang, I'm discombobulated right now. What if we don't even play a song we just let it just let it just stopped. It's just I think we should weird it off with some 88 it we can end it. Have a good Monday and its relation to the on the house podcast because we're not we're not going with Cinco job sayings. Do I have a nice radio voice? It's okay. What do you make your voice deeper first? Because I haven't I think I have a nice radio voice. You know, I used to do back in my day in high school your day. Well, yeah, I did FFA radio. Really? Yeah actually free fatty acid. Now we talked about GMOs nice. Yes. His guitar. Oh shoot. Well, that is the show for today. I think. Oh, what was that Cinco? Thank you for filling in for a two bums over there. That would appreciate y'all having me. If you don't know what song this is. You're probably a unamerican this bit of rap real quick, but No, we're going to end the show. Hello. It's been a good Sunday. I hope you all have a great week. I work Friday again, so we probably won't do this next Friday. It'll probably be on the weekend again, but you know what? It was a good day. Nonetheless. We had a good time. Y'all have a good time. Y'all have a good week. Have a good night. That one is on the house.