If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place.Download the free anchor app or go to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and wellness Journeys. Hi everyone. This is Michelle dang, and I'm so excited to bring you this new podcast and I hope you enjoy our upcoming episodes. I want to thank our cousin Desiree Clark for providing the intro to this podcast. She can be found on Instagram @ PV d e s0 5. I'm both nervous and excited to share with you my first episode and it's all about me. So please take a listen and maybe you can relate. Welcome to the very first episode of The Wish well podcast wish wall stands for women's integrative Summit on health and wellness. I hope to provide you all with stories of women from all walks of life who have found their own personal journey through Health and Wellness on that note. I wanted to share with you my own Journey. What does health and wellness mean to me for me. The one word I can think of is balanced. My name is Michelle dang. I wear many hats in my life. I am a physician a mom a wife a daughter A friend. I'm a first-generation vietnamese-american. I was born here in the US in Houston Texas to parents who immigrated from Vietnam on academic scholarships prior to the fall of Saigon Vietnam. Growing up as an Asian-American in the 80s. I was raised to only think of studying. My weekends and breaks from school where spent doing Math workbooks an a-minus was never good enough. God forbid I ever made Abby. I don't fault my parents at all to them success was measured by academic achievement. I cannot even imagine what life was like for them moving to a foreign country where no one spoke their native language. They worked so hard to establish a successful professional career for themselves. So it was only natural that they wanted the same for me. They stress the importance of doing well academically. Fitness and sports were the very last thing that should be on my mind from as young as I can. Remember. I always said I wanted to be a doctor. As an Asian the highest achievement was if your child became a physician in my parents were so proud of me when I received my degree. But back to health and wellness I didn't have much balance. I was in ballet for a few years in middle school and played a season of volleyball beyond that. It wasn't exposed to many sports. My parents worked all the time. I never really saw them doing much other than working. About the only time I did anything fitness-related was in PE in high school and the one time my friend asked me to join her to try out for the track team. That was my first real exposure to long distance running and believe me. I was so embarrassed. I didn't come back the next day. I finally joined a gym when I was about 21 years old after I first started medical school and honestly, I only joined it because everyone else was doing it. I didn't do it for me. I was still trying to figure out who me was. I'm Ashton to anesthesiology residency at UTMB in Galveston, Texas. Residency was a great experience, but it was a blur of being on call and surviving. I had a baby during residency. His name is Colin. Hi Colin and was exhausted all the time. I had gained about 40 pounds and hated the way I looked and felt. I knew I had to make a change. That was the first time in my life. I decided that my health and wellness was important. I started with a six-week boot camp. I think I got off of Groupon back when it was cool to use Groupon. Then I started yoga and pole classes. I moved to San Antonio for a year for my pain fellowship and continue to pull classes there and tried my first Bikram Yoga class. When I move back to Houston, I was going through a lot of stuff personally. You can't remember how I found the first yoga studio that ended up being my home studio. But I do remember the joy. I felt when I took those midday hot yoga classes yoga became almost like a kind of medicine for me. I needed it to calm my spirit only my practice of yoga understood me at that time. And yoga was much more than just the practice. It was a community. It was a home for me. With the practice of yoga for the first time in a long time. I felt more whole I decided to complete my yoga teacher training the following year and that experience was something I will never forget. I remember on the last day of our immersion getting to play the drum in our Circle and chanting with our group The chakra cod's and yes, it's a play on Chaka Khan. And yes, it's chakra cons. Do you get it? I am an introvert and chanting and drumming in a group of 50 people who are strangers 10 days prior was completely foreign to me, but I stepped out of my comfort zone and into this yoga Community where I was embraced with open arms. Completing yoga teacher training with something. That was so good for me both spiritually and physically and I was a healthiest mentally and physically I had ever been in my whole life up to that point. From then on I knew that leading a healthy lifestyle was always going to be a priority for me. The next year I was in a traditional practice of Interventional pain management by that point. I had been in practice at various positions for four years. I was getting increasingly burnt out. The field of pain management deals primarily with people and chronic pain. I wanted to help people but my patience just weren't getting any better. I felt that there was a dichotomy in regards to how I was leading my personal life with yoga and cooking healthy and being active versus my patience. That was when I discovered the field of Integrative Medicine, one of the biggest principles of Integrative Medicine, is that of the patient and the practitioner as partners in the healing process and that looks at mind Spirit community and body as factors influencing Health and Wellness. As a yogi this field spoke to me and I was intrigued I completed my Integrative Medicine fellowship program through the University of Arizona in 2018 surrounded by like-minded practitioners and leaving feeling refreshed and invigorated and determined to help my patients. But it was much easier said than done in a traditional practice. It is hard to incorporate integrative principles because many people are just not ready or willing or open to what can be perceived as we are crack where your medicine Integrative medicine isn't about for going traditional medicine, but it is about combining both traditional and alternative techniques and it's individualized. So I continue to long in traditional medicine still feeling like I lacked balance. I discovered something called Legree Fitness after I noticed a friend of mine who is as much of a workout fiend as I am. If not more has started going to the studio consistently and had a very strong core. Legree Fitness is a high intense low impact workout on a machine called the mega former under constant tension via weighted Springs. I took my first class and with a big ego. I thought I could handle it. I felt like I had two left feet and I couldn't figure out which way was front and which way was back. I was sore for days and felt discouraged, but somehow kept coming back. After two years of taking Legree classes. I felt stronger in areas where I wasn't even aware I had muscles. I completed my Legree certification in 2019 and began teaching Legree Fitness. The best part about teaching Fitness classes is having my friends take my classes. I get so excited when I planned out a particularly challenging routine because I know my friends will give me a dirty look in class or not make eye contact with me and that's because I know that I'm challenging them and they have to concentrate. I'm sharing all of this with you to give you a sense of what my life is like and why do all that I do why I decided to put together a women's health conference without any experience experience doing something like this why I started this podcast I started putting myself out there, which is super scary. And I have a lot of fear that people won't be interested in what I have to say or what I have to share. But I got invited to give a presentation on integrative medicine at our annual pain society meeting last fall. It was the first time I had ever spoken about Integrative Medicine in public and I was so nervous, but the positive response I got helped inspire me to continue talking. And I started doing podcasts getting more talks posting more and the more that I talked the more I was motivated to keep talking my week consists of seeing patients in my clinic and doing procedures in the operating room. I try to take at least two to three Legree classes during the week. I take my son to as activities. I cook dinner at least five times a week for my family. I cuddle with my animals. We have two dogs and two cats. I teach two Legree classes on Sundays. I keep up with all the various groups. I'm a part of including our North Houston women Physicians Group a fit female Physician Group. I started last fall which has nearly 1,300 members. I talk about integrative medicine every opportunity I get why do I do all that? I do because it gives me balance. Before I found the importance of my own personal health and wellness. I did not have balance. And for that reason I could not be a good mom physician wife or friend having the ability to teach Fitness to practice Fitness to speak about Integrative Medicine to practice traditional medicine all of those things. Give me such a great sense of balance. I am an anesthesiologist a pain management physician an integrative Medicine physician a yoga teacher allegory instructor a mommy a wife a daughter A first-generation vietnamese-american and I want to make a difference in the world. My favorite quote from the Zen Buddhist monk thich nhat. Hanh is because you are alive Anything is Possible. I believe in all the possibilities and in doing more. I hope that you enjoy this podcast And subscribe to hear more from women in our community who are out there doing more. Thank you for listening. Thank you so much for listening to this episode of The Wish well podcast. I hope you enjoyed it. Please subscribe and follow along every week for new episodes until next time. I wish you health and I wish you Wellness.