Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day.Two main Market while I was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back. That day and he did look good in the pre parade ring, but then he's come out his father think the second or the third hurdle that day into his debut, but then he's come out of nine length winner since then and a probably more important and a better performance last time. I was with say 14 link for winner with a double penalty at Doncaster in testing conditions absolutely counter to the line made it look easier the double penalty and I think when a horse does hold a double penalty like that and wins the way he did he's definitely Some sort of talent in his locker and I think 25 to one is an each-way bet for the first race of the days is a good very good price for me. And if you place is I'll be very happy. But just the way in a manner is one is to raise is this time granted they were in very good company, but neither were the others at the top end of the market especially shishkin. So I think I think he's got a good chance in the first race of the day. This was met with Jeremy McGrath on board. So yeah, 25 to 1 and lot in the first race is supreme novices hurdle that's going to be my pick but of a bit of an each-way outside. It's always good to go in the first race of the day, especially the festival. You don't know what is going to happen. Next up. We've got the are called Chase grade one current favorites notebook 11 to for the kid who just five to one cashback seven to one brewing for storm 7 to 1 and my pic very binary 14 to 1 for the skeletons rude to the F-14 to mr. Fisher for teens and then the rest bigger notebook. Favorite, he's got very good form this year. He's doing very well kept on would strongly to win last time after beating cash back to the line in the arc or Irish Arkell at the Dublin in festival and then cash back is having a good season. No books also beat for kid who'd with an a grade two and four key has actually won a grade 1 over fences as well. This year only just beating was fakir last on my notebook. You probably had his excuses, but I think I think it kind of reverse. The form I'm not too sure. No book doesn't like a good horse in the making but I've got more of a horse you have mapped a few times this year and my Twitter is a dance Scout and Runner. She's confirmed to be to go to this race with Harry on board. It's very bandra. She's a four-time winner over fences this year after disappointing season the last over hurdles and what I've done is done is he's he's he's made a look completely completely different horse this year if she is she was a fridge and twenty Grand purchase. So she deserves a big pot. She's got the mayor's allowance, which will be seven pounds which is very big and it in a top race like this. She's wearing like I said four races this year winning on a chase debut at Stratford by 21 links and then winning I listed mayor's Chase last time out by 11:00 links. She likes to be able to be the front-runner sitting behind the front Rivers Energy sweet early coming to home and and she always finishes erases while and she sure. Love the softer conditions and Samir a bain-marie for me and that you know, very wide open article Chase. I've gone for another decent price to try and get some E20 money and there's also put the kettle on at 25 which I think is a huge price. It's being for confirmed today that Aid and Coleman's on that horse. I think obviously Rachel black mulch will be going from that. It will be riding notebook when it has 100% confirmed yet. But my pic Marie boundary 14 to 1 in the article next up we go to the lobby the most wide Rice of the festival the champion hurdle divided opinions for this race few people going for epitome, three people going to pennant Hills and a few people going for the Irish Raiders charger. I'll give you some prices epitome is 72 pennant Hills five to one Super Sunday 12 Sharjah 14s, David Starr 16s Cornerstone and add 33 epitome. It is 2 for 2 in this season listed when I first time out of the season and a grade one winner Christmas hurdle at Kempton on boxing day. Say you look very good that day looks like she's got plenty of speed and I like a put the race to bed easily when it by fives links should be a subsequent grade to winner and Silver Streak Silver Streak is one since then when it's a champion hurdle trial and so that's good form good form to go on and she's probably where they are 72 favorite. She has got the best form in the wide-open race. However, my pick is pennant Hills again. It's a probably devised a lot of opinion a lot of few people of sound. And he wasn't goes chance. I think he does and I think he wins he's got child and for which is most important. He won the triumph last year a big price at 22 1 epitome actually did flop last year's meeting finishing ninth in the mayor's think it's the mayor's novices heard. It was at the time he's had two decent performances this year first time our Channel me probably blew himself out of the child. I'm here laughter pulling and looking very green throughout the race and the next time out. He was just beyond the line by silver streak in the trunk in the champion hurdle trial again putting green and the pace wasn't the quickest. So it was pulling for majority of the race, which probably just took out and come to the line if you just settle down a bit better, which I'm sure Nikki has been working on and with a stronger pace which we always get a chance in the money, especially in the champion hurdle. He's he's definitely the one to beat for me. So I will be back in five to one pennant Hills just a quick mention to Dava Star as well as company sixteens I believe for Govern Cromwell International trials actually on the on the app, which has been backed quite a bit. But he's had a fantastic season would have four races and coming second last time out to honeysuckle in the Irish Champion hurdle. He was only beat by about three four lengths to Envoy Allen in the in a grade one at fairy houses. Well, just beaten by over a link fabric at Ibis as well. So he could be you could be one that might shock us all. When it comes down to the festival, I'm actually looking forward to seeing how he runs first time in this country believe is it yet. He's never been out of he's never been out of Ireland. So he's going to travel for the first time at see if he handles it. But the big aspect of chinaman's Festival is is Cheltenham festival for them with meals just got so that's my pick. Yes and Let's Race. We've got probably the most eagerly anticipated duel between two of the best mares around at the moment we have been Gerrate to 11-foot 46 favorite. Sorry, honey. Suckle at two to one. You've got Roxanna at nine to one storm, Illinois. It's a wine and if he a teens and that was Jay little button sew-on twenties as heard all this in. Sorry the grade one close Brothers met her don't I think it's gonna be a battle of the two top players in the world in the country at the moment. You got benedi jur 21, like when I last time out at Garin Park after absolutely can come to their line in testing conditions over three miles. She made it look so easy last time out. She's a five-time Grammy winner to Thomas did Winner. She's won this race in 2018 to Fallon last last year after probably looking like she was going to count up the hill to win. And then after that she wouldn't very one in France. I've not been fancy. So he's definitely the one to beat for me, but I'm going with heart Robin and head I'm going with honeysuckle favorite horse and training at the moment. She's been beaten mayor for time graded winner with a listed win over a career. Including the always Champion hurt or last timeout and in the Hat and Grace the time before I think I had some great performances our best performance to date. She put that Rose to bed coming up to the last easily and coming into the home straight. She actually sped away and powered away being some good horses in their own right really last time out. She gained in a similar sort of thing. She looked like she was going to win by a good couple of lengths but coming up to the last she just which is just a bit too slow away, which give the chance of putting music water come alongside and put them under pressure that You probably think he's going to lose the race, but she battles output to raise up and that was it all the way to the long as 1 by length in the end which David Starr actually comes second and Matt Reis go to music while back in third. So she's a horse to beat for me personally. I know people probably disagree with me on that because a lot of and there's a lot of energy to your fans out there, but there's also honeysuckle friends as well. So it's a fantastic battle and really looking forward to it. Hopefully they both go to be great to see them to battle it out for for the top. Mayor Tom Murphy thrown really but it is fairly typical for me to two one. Next up last one. I will talk about this for too long as in that gray to National can change cut for amateur Riders you've got well when I'm writing my notes there was actually Copperhead listed at 6 to 1, but he's now going to the RSA I believe and so it's now carefully selected is the is the favorite so looks always promises price could only six to Fourth as price is very low because going to pick anything in that race I do. Like the look of carefully selected. You've got Springtown Fox as well. Let's bring fieldfox. Sorry for Tom George, which is a good-looking horse. Only a seven-year-old fantastic looking horse for for the future and the Halo ginger as well for Nigel. Justin Davis is is a good shout. But if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably go each way on someone look a lot of Springfield Fox I go each 111's. He was 16 to Monte Verde, but is elevens now, so Springfield Fox for me each way on that nowaday one selections really if you guys just want to interact and leave your comments down below for your selection for each selections for the tracers. I've talked about on day one. I be great on it, you know almost my thoughts and I'm always happy for an honest debate. So all the comments likes and retweets are greatly appreciated and day to be out very soon and thanks for listening. Good afternoon. It's Jake muscle here back with day two of my channel Festival selections. First of all on the Wednesday. We've got the body more novices hurdle grade 1 over 2 Mile 5. I believe this is he is it is current favorite odds on at 10:00 to 11:00 price is on the island and beaten for boarding any look very impressive indeed. I actually saw his horse first time the channel last year when he won the the champion bumper and a new from It would be a fantastic course to have we also exporting John at fives The Big Break Away 7s. Big get away sevens time. L12 Longhouse poet 20 is easy work 25 latest Expedition 25. So on and so forth. My pick of the race is going to be the big break away. I think he looks like a horse. It's going to have such a big future. He looks like a proper proper good horse in looks like it even better over chasing. It's a big stamp of a horse or a 5. Rolled is fantastic fantastic looking and connections think a lot of him is a good jumper travels while is comfortable in both of his wins this year. Since going to comment is Art when invited Justin the 20 lengths both the races. So I'm really looking forward to seeing this horse gets on at Cheltenham. I think if he runs a good racing this and it will prove to a lot of people these got a big future ahead on violin is definitely worthy favorite because he is unbeaten. He's won some very good races this year graded race. This year and last year's Champion bumper winner and it's nice to see he's continuing his formation and last year bumpers going over to hurdles and you can handle the obstacle. So it will be B. It's a fantastic race for the first day gets the get this is for the second a sari gets a second day off to a flyer. We've got sporting Johnny looks very good for Phillip Hobbes as well. Connie price. The fourth to one is another and beaten horse. He's actually rated to to Reigns above Big Break Away got a big get away for Willing Mullins. He looks good time here as well. Philip Hobbs. Another horse is doing well. And beaten this year did come third to to unveil and last season and he did when his bumper debut. He looks like a decent horse as well for the future. So it's a cracking little racist. I'm really looking forward to this one. But of an outside race, which I'm looking forward to our do like the body more I do lot on while and I do like the Breakaway and I think sporting John as one is got a big future, but it is a big break away at 7 to 1 as Pick for the first race on the Wednesday next up just to clarify. I'm only doing the top raises day. So the handicaps and stuff like that. I won't be doing I'll be doing that separately. So these are just a great eraser top-grade erases and the big main talking point for the races as well. So your next one is the RSA. You've got champ at 10:00 to 3:00 favorite. I should know just confirm the shown on to form the phone, but I've got 10 to 3 down here and then our window fours. Copperhead fours, who's now listed in the RSA believe he's going to that rather than the amateur Rider on the first day and then we got allahö 11 to 2, but another doyon 10 to 1 for he in the machine for teens easy game 16 sleigh house who dares wins so on and so forth. So yeah, I'm going I'm going to blood I'm going to the favorite champ. I think he's look very good over fences this year old. Although you could argue is jumping has been a bit sketchy at times for an account numbers while last timeout New Year's Day. You've got to wonder what that was that taken out of him. But a Nikki Henson's the master really or make sure his horse is fit and ready to go for this for this test at the festival. He's already a graded winner this year is winning on his debut quite comfortably although like I said is jumping isn't particularly the greatest. He amazed up for the speed. He has come into the line because a very quick course So channel would be my selection for that for the RSA is the best horse in the race for me. I'm interested to see how Copperhead gets on be interested to see who rides them as well. And I'm looking for to see Copperhead run. You've got Mallory window the Henri de bromhead Irish Raiders Allah. Ho looks good. Shiva depart stood actually own this horse and they don't really associate with jumpers National and horses, but they do have obviously have Envoy Len. So this horse could be equal to just calls could be another good one at Got we've got four here in the machine as well. We all saw the scenes and his win at a double amazing Festival last time now. Just imagine if he won again. Why just imagine if you want at the festival, I think everybody would be rooting for him if he does go not sure if it's been confirmed that he's going yet. I haven't really looked myself. But if you do is win and it just been magnificent everything everyone will be fully behind him if he does win and the sale would be will be cracking and yeah some might pick for that race obviously like a mention is Champ. Turn two three on my notes the other day. So we'll go and with champ he's got child and formalize chanting them. Although granted he did for last time but he did look like a winner at last. He did look like the winner of the race wasn't a strong way. So it wouldn't surprise me if he did win odds on but I think it's quite a big prize person who he's up against some good cracking horse has a decent little race open Affair again, not normal for the festival, but I am going for champ. I think he is a superior horse in the race. And it will prove that will prove that come the Wednesday next up. We have got probably the most eagerly anticipated race of the meeting probably the most talked about race at the meeting because there are three top offices in the race. It's the queen will be jumping Chase. We've got out your composite twos definitely not going to for check of the soil Evan to for poot are 14 is dying. My daughter's 20 min 20 political 25s to the They're all men else. You'll find been a big al to your phone for a while now seeing him last year and firsthand and although it was squeaky moment for everyone. They eat still he does it well and it just it just does enough to get to the line, which is probably why he can win as many races. He can only can keep on going as long as he can. She just doesn't love a just as enough doesn't win flashing but at the end of the day is 120 plus races over fences and hurdles multiple grade wins. It's hard I think for is when the champion chose to time. Times and I think he's had four wins at the festival believe and correct me if I'm wrong, but he's raid 1 7 5 4 reason although we got beat by surname, but everything was right for surname and it was out your first time up in trips. He can't say that form to hand. But yeah out yours definitely one of the best best to Martyrs around at the moment. If not the best to monitor around at the moment would be great to see and when it's third Queen Mother Champion Chase, but he's got a battle on his hands. That's for sure. We've definitely saw Deputy soy Three-time winner this year to Tom grade ones beaten in the so twice. He's quick. It would like the ground probably better than now to your will he's quick for the hottest Trend in very well and Barry Garrity who I'm sure will be riding him get some very well with him. So it's out of yours. Probably biggest test today to retain his Queen with a championship title. But a bit be a battle which all have before to then check her purse or PSI down there as well. And hopefully better now and give us a fantastic race that we can all look forward to obviously a Plutarch at 12:00 to 1:00 is a massive price if he's going or not at that price, I would say not but I'd like to see him never Henry to bromhead as well men dying. My daughter's you run a good race beyond our to your on his seasonal reappearances. He's going to the jumping Chase with Harry cobs and on board / little OG. I don't looks like he's pulling Nichols has got hairy Scouts and on board for that, which is good. Good for hurry, they're good old but it allowed everyone locks are great at they but yeah, my pick is out your company price at two to one. I think he's the best to Miler around at the moment. And I think he'll get his third Queen Mother and don't really stamp his authority again in the two-mile division, but I won't be surprised shocked or sudden to see death of the soil when as well because he's a horse I'd really warm to this season and to horse. I really like the like to watch as well. So either way I be happy but I am going to go without your next up. It's not a graded race. It's only a Class 2 or thing, but I've just noted down the cost country which is straight after the champion Chase. Obviously, we see the grand national hero tiger roll back in action and eraser. He loves he loves Cheltenham. He loves the festival. He's had so many winners at the festival now going from the Triumph to the cross country. I think he'll win again. It's got a positive evens last year. I was there I was there as I mentioned I was there on the Dana to this day. I still say it's the best performance I've seen from a horse hands a lots of live on a race course. It was phenomenal the way he run around this the way he ran around the course and just absolutely blew blew everyone away and keep it on he was hardly even moving on and come with each an uphill. So it's great to see that and obviously went on to win the national again for the second time running. He's definitely a horse of a lifetime. He's fantastic, but he's got a he's got a fairly tough task at hand with the new J / - recruit and he's he's land the French the French Raider. I watched him at Cheltenham one before his last race. He looked very good that day and obviously then he changed hands to McManus in anyone's last time out of France and the new colors. He's definitely a worthy competitor Contender for Tiger rolls title this race mite bites listed by the looks of it. Yeah. A source or not? Yeah, I'm with earlier come and where it's headed going or not. But it's an easy. I would say is an easy race because he's got a lot of obstacles you've got four miles to travel but we all know what tiger I was like it travels like a dream when he jumps like a dream so it wouldn't surprise me if we see him win again. I'm not going to pick it with my selection, but I'm going to say tiger wins across country. Probably one of the biggest Bankers in the meeting. I would say they're not using that word but I think he is a bank or them of the meeting. I'm honest. Yeah, and then the last Race of the day is a challenge, which I'm the Champion bumper grade one don't haven't really had much time to look at this one. You've currently got the favorite that someone laughing your believe is appreciate it at 7:00 to 4:30 Hollow and achieved apart studs at eight to one panic attack. It tends Queens Brooke. It tends. Is there a chunk 12 ocean wind 14:30 Time Lucky for teens and so on. There's a nice one that I saw as well on his first time at Warwick. Old Here Comes McCoy. He looks like a decent decent horse for only Murphy and he run when a cracking race to win. I'm debut at Warwick on a fairly big price as well. So he might want to look out for but wherever he can where he's got the quality as appreciate it and for any Hollow do we're not too sure the moment. I can't see past appreciate it would in the race, but I do like the look of fur Tom looking for the scouting's if it does go the horse just go. 14 to 1 in each way bet and so yeah pretty Third Time Lucky would be my each way bet more than likely behind appreciate it who looks like a very good horse in the making 40 minutes another one or when he's at looks very good. Yeah and my day to channel Festival selections day 3 and 4 will be out over over over tomorrow just Friday or Monday now, so yeah, just like I said comment on this on this video. Let me know what your what your date. Two selections are do not interact in short chat to anyone who can read on Twitter and so be sure to let me know what you think and all our support likes retweets and stuff are greatly appreciated and actually time.