Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go. So here we go with episode.I want to talk a little bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things within our fitness community. Una T So for active members spec things like hey, here's why we do some of the things we do, here's some of our mission and values. Here's the upcoming cycle that we're going to be doing for training. Here's some things to think about with individual design. Here's you know, if you struggle with sleep nutrition stress lifestyle, I want to be able to talk about all of those things that fall under what I would call the rewired life those that are trying to use An opportunity to train not only is a pillar of their schedule but to be able to make their life better. That's what it's all about in our community. We don't see training as lifelike our lives do not Eve evolved around the gym. It is not the epicenter of what we do not knocking anybody that does that but I'm saying man, that's I think you got that backwards training should enhance your life everything you do should be able to give you a better life. Specially if it's something like hey, I'm going to invest three four five six hours a week out of my schedule away from work family loved ones everything and go train. It shouldn't just produce results inside the gym. It should allow you to have a better life outside the gym be you know, a better human Beach sharper be more mentally aware be in better shape be able to play with your kids be able to stay out of the nursing home be able to just pick up and go if someone wants to go do a fun active adventurous. Be a better skier be able to live and move without pain be able to move better and feel better and look better. So that's a big part about what we'll talk about will be things that let's be honest. They primarily are probably in interest to those that are members, but maybe those are that similar mindset and then what I also want to be able to do this podcast is interview people within our community. So that might be other coaches other members new interns as well as Is some some subject matter experts from smes as they're called, you know being able to bring in nutritionist Bill bring in a chiropractor physical therapist local business owner a wine expert beer expert someone that really knows fashion. Someone that really knows numbers doesn't matter where I think there's going to be value in this podcast is being able to talk about things that I believe those that live a rewired life will be interested in so I'm excited for it to get launched. Can't wait to be able to get some of you on here. I'm super excited for interviews. It's probably what I'm looking forward to the most but for this first episode match going to talk about one of our values that are recently mentioned in the beginning of this episode and that's always improving. So something that's been on my heart and honestly since before we even open the doors of rewired was I don't believe that anything or anyone One can really become like plateaued and I know people say it all the time. Well, I'm just kind of plateaued with that just kind of plateaued with that. Anyway, they're talking about training or they're talking about, you know, their nutrition or their finances or their performance at work or whatever. It might be maybe their relationship. I don't know. It could be this that or anything. I don't think you can actually Plateau. I think you're either going backwards or you're going forwards. I'm not really sure the universe allows you to do that. So In one of my aspirations before rewired even opened its doors was to build a business and a community and a culture that really values always improving. So for example some things just in the practical sense for rewired. Hey, we're in a much nicer facility. Now, we've been there about two and a half years and it's bomb like I don't think anybody can argue against that we have a really nice training area all the way down to We make sure our equipment is always up to date. It's always improving. We're buying new things. Regularly. We invest a lot of money back into the gym. We're always improving on I would say the equipment side look at like it recently the bathroom is getting an upgrade. We got some new items in there. We're starting towel service. We've got a sauna going upstairs things like that where hey my goal is to always be improving. That means that I can't ever get Stagnant staler plateaued or accept the status quo. That's partly because that's what we expect out of you guys. Like don't just go through the motions. Don't just go. Well I show up to the gym. I put in the same amount of effort every week. It's kind of boring. It's kind of monotonous and now I'm starting to Plateau that that's not the intent behind any of this. So we want to lead that way from the front and that's been a big part of why I think we are successful is because I think that culture has been LED well from the front I'm not saying we're perfect at it, but but In me and the coaches and those that lead the gym we put in a lot of frickin effort to keep that principle strong. So always improving one of those kind of my mind that spurred some thoughts for this episode was yesterday, for example, got to sit down and do a coaching eval on Coach Annie and Coach JoJo. So at Annie's 9:30 class yesterday. I got to sit in the back and do a coaching eval and be able to go through a list that I've created. Created actually got help from Jason khalipa owner. NC fit former games athlete absolute stud and monster in the micro gem world got to meet him at some seminars and he actually helped me create a coaching eval, which is always the nicest thing ever because I mean, I'm just some little dude in Spokane and he's a mega mega mega name and you know isn't cocky gave me the time of day treated me like a human and wanted to see me do well and help me come up with a coach and you value. The super cool. So thank you Jason, but being able to sit down and have a structured quantitative as well as qualitative eval where I can you know be able to go through and correct and score and grade and give feedback and praise that's got a very structured template to it for one of our coaches and be able to go through, you know, Annie's class and look at I was like Hey an actual chronological time of here's how much time you spend on the intro. You're so much time you spend on the warmup. Here's at this, you know minute during Class this is what you're doing. This is how much time you spend there. I would have cut this back. I think you crush this part etcetera Etc be able do it for JoJo's class to that's an area. We're always improving. I think it's really really easy for group fitness instructors where they were coaches do group classes to just kind of get in the ground where like you turn a clock on you go through the motions you guys already kind of know this. Alright 3 2 1 go Hey, if that's how you coach you should quit now because someone's coming for your job someday. I don't think we have anybody like that in our staff by the way, but I've been around that I've seen coaches go through that. I don't really think you're called to be a coach if that's how you approach it to coaches have off days once in a while. Absolutely. Everybody does I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about day in and day out. You're really just kind of going through the motions. You're not always improving you're not called to this. This isn't a passion for you. You don't thinking In your free time, that's the type of people that are on our staff and I believe that call me cocky, but I think we've got coaches that really give a damn and that might be a big difference maker. Are we perfect absolutely. Not are we better year-over-year? You better freaking believe it and part of that is because we won't settle for anything less than always improving and I, you know, just yesterday going to go through the coaching evals and having a staff meeting to break that down with each of the coaches like I'm fired up thinking Out like hey, what can we do to all get better? Here's some things I can do to help lead. You guys better here's some things. I think you guys are super gifted in some areas think we can work on being able to have that type of dialogue where our I'll put it this way. Our coaches jobs are very secure and safe. It's not like I'm going to their eval like man, if you don't do well at this you're fired. That's not it at all. It's hey, we do have a very strong skill set. We're called to do this. I believe the coaches we have on our staff. Are very gifted very talented the right people they've been well developed and they love the bar being set high for our coaching staff at rewired because of all of that. We get the opportunity to constantly try to get better. Show me anybody in the world that is a master at their craft. And I promise you they are never ever stop learning. They are always trying to improve always I know learned there always studying or watching how others do it or getting feedback the guy that's like oh, yeah. I'm already good at that. Yeah, I don't I can't get any better. I'm already good. I don't think a lot of people say that out loud. But dude, how many people do you know that are like, they're not continuing education. They're not looking for new methods. They're not always trying to improve and tweak their craft like come on man. Like if you really love this, I don't care what you talking about talk about being a spouse being a parent being a student business owner. I don't care what it is you do if you really He loved it like it fires you up you feel like you were put on this Earth for that role. Then dude, why would you like why would you ever settle for anything less than trying to always get better? Okay that mean you're never satisfied. No, does that mean you feel like you never complete? No, but I do think you can humbly say hey, I'm very good at what I do. I am a master of my craft, but I am never ever going to stop to try and be a better version of what I already am. Like that that to me is a culture of man if that can catch fire for our members. Like I look at that and I hope my like one of my biggest hopes. I think people could look at our coaching staff me like these people give a damn like they work hard. They're putting in energy. They're putting in personality. They're putting in time. If you guys knew the amount of time we spend trying to make the class experience as good as we possibly can. Man, I fact we can keep doing that like we're doing what we were called to do period so there you go. That's my thoughts for today. I hope for you this gets you fired up get you inspired. I hope you're looking at areas of your life where you could always be improving. Oh that's inspiring for you. I'm really excited for this podcast. Can't wait till the next one. We're going to get some interviews on here right away. Love you guys. Keep your living that rewired life. Peace.