Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own country. Switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and keep on brushing. The trunk sisters decided that they were going to organize the people of Vietnam and lead a rebellion against the Chinese. They started to spread the work asking people to join them in the fight against the Chinese soon. They've gathered over 80,000 Soldiers the trunk sisters chose 36 women to be the generals in their armies and together led the Vietnamese people into battle. Switcher brushing to the bottom of your mouth and make sure you're brushing the molars in the back, too. They went Village to Village fighting against the Chinese to get their land back and free their people some stories say they even rode elephants after a long and difficult War the Trung sisters one. Switch your bashing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth and keep making tiny circles with your brush around each tooth. After the war one of the sisters became queen of Vietnam for a while and the Vietnamese people never forgot the Trung sisters bravery. Today there are poems plays statues and parades thrown to celebrate them because of their bravery and fearlessness trunk track and Trung me are two days Chompers heroin. That's it for Chompers today, but come back tonight for more until then Chompers is a production of gimlet media.