This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and So all of these Millennial users 10 million active accounts yesterday the day that the Dow Jones jumped nearly 1,300 points the biggest one-day gain ever on the Monday following the worst week in stock market history at least since 2008 in the financial crisis. Then all eyes on the stock market Robin Hood has this system-wide outage preventing their customers from trading at all, and after fixing the problem overnight they had another sister my daughter to this morning. So today we're going to talk about some Advice we have on how you can protect yourself from this happening again. Whether you're a Robin Hood investor or have a brokerage this could happen to anyone we can talk about what happened. We're going to talk about, you know, how something like this could even happen where the customers money is is everything safe what happened to their stocks what happened to their expiring options and how social media reacted to this all of that good stuff. So let's start there Graham. I know you're kind of more of a Buy and Hold type guy which this probably wasn't something that you were needing to. Again, and and sell all your stocks. What does this do for you? What do you think about Robin Hood now, I mean my biggest thing when it comes to this is that I feel like this is if this could happen to Robin Hood, it almost makes me think that this could happen to any brokerage out there. I know it happened briefly. I think it was was it Vanguard went down briefly. It was for a few minutes on February at believe it was February 28th for a few minutes. They went down but I think it's important for anyone out there not to have too many of their eggs in one basket and I think this incident happening NG to Robin Hood could honestly happen to any app out there and it just so happened that I think Robin Hood just really was the most popular and it was it just happened to be at the worst possible time. It was really the perfect, you know Perfect Storm Robin Hood like all days, but then again, you know, I'm sure they had a lot of high volume as a what exactly happened because I so that both Fidelity and Schwab had experienced some issues last week during the big crash. So this this happens during high volume, it's not just Robin Hood, but having a system-wide outage where you can't trade the entire day that is fairly unique and I can't think of a time in history when when the entire day has been offline. And so Chris Chris your advice here was and Graham to you don't want to put all your eggs in one basket. You have to have a secondary brokerage account, even if even if you're with One of the Legacy bigger maybe not bigger now but Legacy, you know more tested Brokers they can have problems too. And you can actually hedge your if you needed to make a trade you can actually hedge that by having a second account and making a short position in something that you're long and your other account. Yeah, Dave, you know my situation the past week I've had you know mid seven-figure short positions on the market every day. I've had mid six-figure. And positions I've been getting in and out of every day. I would have had an actual heart attack yesterday. I was at Robin Hood. I don't know what I would have done because you know, I had options expiring yesterday. I buy the Monday expiration spy options to protect my portfolio or weekend and I just I can't even comprehend. I don't know if there's anyone in my shoes over Robin Hood or how that would have unfolded but I can tell you this for sure. I'm with Ameritrade. I have just slightly more trust in America straight, and I would any other broker it. Absolutely happen there as well moving. I do have multiple Brokers, but they're not fully funded. I from this point on starting this moment. I will fund my secondary broker brokerage account with at least enough money so that I can trade some sort of levered derivative to have the same impact. I would have had like, I have a portfolio five million dollars and for any reason it's the end of the world. I want to sell out because a nuclear bomb has soon Something crazy happens, right? Listen, that's not going to happen most likely but I want to have optionality. I want the ability to trade in and out of position and the only way you can do that in this type of situation is to have a secondary brokerage account with some funding in them so that you can actually make a lever trade in that account to basic account for what you would have done your primary account. And I know it's a little sophisticated for most investors, but there's a lot of us out there. There's a ton of people like me out there that are action Trader. It's a little more active and want to Have that option ality. Although we do not recommend trading in and out of these markets for 99% of investors. We want to at least have the option Ali right? And in that one and a hundred year event where the whole world is making a move in their brokerage account and I can't because my particular brokerage is Frozen that day. I don't want that ever to be me and I realized now more than that could be me. It could be anyone. So we need to plan for that. And I first of all like that you're wearing the Robin Hood shirt today. That's a that's a nice touch. I saw on Twitter you were wearing that yesterday walking around town getting nasty looks from people. Yes. I was actually afraid for my life at 1.04 legit. I mean, I couldn't believe how horrific the looks. I was getting from people all around town. That must have probably some of them Robin investors. Listen, let's just talk about as investor David how worried we are they've been able to come through everything everything that we're worried about somehow they magically come. I don't know how they come out on top of this but I hopefully have led imagine it and I do want to bring Jordan and he's online now to he was running late because he's meeting with startup companies. But Robert, you're right, Robin Hood has had problems in the past. They tried to launch their High interest savings account program. They forgot to ask the SPI. See if that was okay and they were saying it was going to be ensured that they built a waiting list for that of nearly Million people to me. That was great marketing. They were able to drive demand for a product that didn't exist. And yeah, they got a little slap on the wrist, but they also had the the the technical issues, you know, there was a time that I know that they've had a technical issue. They've had a problem with user passwords being stored in an unencrypted format. They've also had that that the margin accounts Loop Hole where you could have unlimited investing funds they always kind of I know ha they always come out and talk and Vlad if you're listening. I don't know how you gonna pull this off. But this is your opportunity to make good on this when Summer's how much you care us investors and Robin Hood. We're counting on you to figure out how to make good on this. I you always have in the past. I hope you figure out again Robin Hood is a superior interface 10 million people love it. I hope it continues to be That's it always has been but you're in a tough spot. I hope I hope he figures it out so far. I've heard really bad things about what they're doing. Basically they came out with an apology email and then something about some free service something for a year that ends up being a computer build service for a year. So it's like a fifteen dollar value and the tweet that I saw immediately was something like thank you. They they stepped up and they took care of it. I couldn't tell if that was sarcastic. There was a spark at face. Graham do you keep us grab the only one out of the four of us? That's actually on Robin Hood this long-term. Are you still okay. Like are you still going to be a loyal right you trade on Robin trigram is this how does example you thinking about this? Yeah. I mean I tried on everything. So in Robin Hood's defense, I have Robin Hood Weeble acorns M15 like everything I use it myself personally because I want to be able to speak about it at you know, firsthand. It does not instill confidence to be honest and Robin and I think Open it has a lot that they're doing right and I think their marketing is incredible. I think the interface is incredible. I see Robin Hood is almost like the iPhone or the apple of stock trading just because of how simple the design is so easy and intuitive it is to use and it's non-threatening. So it gets a lot of people on the platform wanting to use it casually but I think the issue is that for people who have their entire life savings and Robin Advanced, you know, 200 300 thousand dollars or more that they're that they're trading with something like this could be absolutely devastating and I don't know if I were Someone who made like a risky bet like I've seen some of these people on Wall Street bets do these spy puss and now their accounts are down hundreds of thousand dollars. I mean that is potentially very big on Robin Hood. I don't know how they would Rectify that or with people who would you know would have potentially made money that day. I can't see it. And I know there was there was talk about a class action lawsuit. I can't see that happening either because the amount of time that would take the amount of money it would take the lawyers for make money on that one. I don't think I would That back it's no problem. You could look you could you can look back in time and think of any situation where you could have made a ton of money and then give that back to Robin Hood now are they responsible for all this unearned money? You know, what is this like flying the airplane that the airline that had a crash last month? And now you think they're the best airline to crash because they're going to be so on it to make sure it doesn't happen again in the near future. Do you think Robin Hood after this is going to Triple down on there. You know redundant systems to beat to kind of level up against the competition for the next five years. Is that as maybe a scenario that comes out of this maybe but have they ever tripled down on anything they continue to have problems and and as investors it kind of freaks me out that I would agree with I would say if this were a one-time thing then sure but I agree with the whole the cash management account the incident money loophole and then this all happening now, but also I also think that for them they have to Almost have the first-mover advantage. They have to be the first to Market because that's the way they gain a lot of these customers up front. And then once people are on the platform, I think they're going to be relatively easy to keep as long as they make them happy but having these issues all happen within you know, a year is a little bit alarming and and the the customer service is something I definitely think can be improved on their end. Well, that's something we talked about when we were talking about. What is the ideal broker? There isn't an ideal broker. But other Brokers do have someone you can talk to on the phone. You could actually place a trade on the phone. Robin Hood simply doesn't have that capacity. Although both Chris and I yesterday we're trying to wire money from different brokerages Chris from TD and me from Schwab. And each of our wires got held up, which is not common. Usually my wires go straight through it makes sense though. I was on a Wi-Fi Hotel. An action in Mexico, so I'm glad they actually held me up but I was on the phone for 15 minutes just to get those funds released and I think Chris how long are you on babe? I was on hold last night for two hours with Ameritrade and ultimately after two hours got disconnected. It was you know Lynn was on the phone. I think for four and a half hours this weekend with Ameritrade and ultimately never was able to get someone on the phone. So this is you know, I'm really frustrated. It just shows The Brokerage industry is not really prepared. Third for a Black Swan or an anomaly event and I think that's what I'm taking their nests is, you know, I always kind of had that concern but more than ever now. I'm like, wow, I really can't count on any broker to be there, you know true Black Swan event. And as someone that trades levered derivatives like I do with short expirations that really concerns me and I need to start having redundant, you know systems in the way I trade to ensure that I don't get put in the situation in the future because Do have bylaws in their agreements that basically state that they are not accountable and cannot do anything from the sort of or anything exactly. Do you have a backup trading account? Those options are still going to be in Robin Hood or in TD or something like that. So even though you could trade you're not going to be able to exercise those options. No, but you could do and you do want to make sure that if you are. In the situation and you do have a secondary broker that you have access to the amount of money that you're going to need and the types of features. You're going to need most likely a higher level options account that gives you the ability to write uncovered calls or you know be naked in a position which is a higher level of risk, but if you're if you're if you're educated about what you're doing and you know, this is not Financial advice at all. This is purely, you know, how I would set up my account. I would need to make sure that I could cover any position that I had in one account in the other account. Hey, I have a question for Graham. So Half Point interest rate cut today fed cut grade and I'm curious what that means for Robin Hood's cash accounts and a lot of these other cash accounts, right? I caught this minutes literally minutes before it updated on my phone and updated on the website. They reduce the interest rate from 1 Point 8 to 1 Point 3. Within minutes, they acted faster than any other brokerage. Like now I bank usually takes, you know a few days to a week PNC Bank usually takes a few weeks, you know. Well Frank usually takes a few days Robin Hood was minutes as soon as the roads are on top of one thing and that's making sure you don't get paid any extra interest right as an investor in Robin Hood. This is a negative for us guys because it just As rates start to drop to like 1% on it just it gets to a point where it's not really interesting for most people and I think it gets tougher for them really to build an any spread as a Robin Hood investor. There's also a positive side though. We've been talking about potential acquisition of Robin Hood for while I think something is potentially likely within 24 months if it's going to happen and with interest rates now dipping to below. I mean, it's insane. The borrowing rates have never been cheaper on Ivor six, Suitor. Hours of Robin Hood to now lever up to you know, borrowing money at one and a quarter one and a half or whatever. It's our money out to make this acquisition to pick up a Robin Hood on the cheap. I think one of the big things that we're going to see this next year out of these ridiculously low fed fund rate is an uptick in Acquisitions its Financial engineering we've been studying this for seven or eight years. A lot of our trades were based on this in the past and I think we're going to see a huge uptick as the big boys are able to deeper lever themselves with next to no. Interest rate money to make Acquisitions on companies and financially engineer earnings, which has been happening for a long time. And we're going to see that escalate over the next one to two years with these new rates in place. He's also not for him. Yeah, it's free money. I mean, that's the way I see it. Even on a 30-year mortgage just the other day 2.7 percent fixed 30 years 2.7 on a 30-year. I never thought I would ever see something like that. So when you account for it Tax write-offs and inflation. You're actually getting paid to take on a loan. Like I to me, this is just completely unchartered territory. Like I don't even know what that what this would mean for the overall Market. I just know it's like hey for Real Estate, at least it's free. It's free. Yeah full wealth well for big corporate acquirers, it's free money for them as well. And if you have a company that is producing even something as small as a four or five percent return on investment and you could borrow money at one and a half or 1.7. You can apply all those companies and produce positive Financial Engineering in your earnings results and essentially manufacture earnings. And I think we're going to see a lot of that next 12 to 24 months and not that Robin Hood's particularly profitable company, but for someone that wants to pick up a Robin Hood now, it's just become that much easier for 10 plus billion dollar acquisition. So I think that's a good thing for us guys. If anything came paintings good Adam today that as Robin Hood investors. We have a seven-figure combined investment in Robin Hood. That we made, you know a while back that would be it. I'm trying I'm trying to be positive here. But for us thank you. Absolutely. And I will I will remind people that while we are investors. We are not involved in the management of the company. We don't have any information from the company other than what they've stated publicly. We're just Equity investors in the secondary private Market. We're rooting for them to succeed. We feel terrible for the investors who couldn't access their money yesterday and for the employees who are dealing with this we've been through this we've run software. It is Jordan has been our CFO in the past. What are they going through at Robin Hood right. Now what'll I do is I have to get going but I really appreciate you guys having me on and you know, even though I'm not an investor buying me like, you know, I use the app myself. I follow it very closely. So I really appreciate you having me on and let me really appreciate you stuck around longer than we knew you had a very limited time window and thank you for staying around. Yeah, so when I look at this, I think my biggest concern is it that they had an outage or that there was a problem problems are going to pop up. We've got computers things fail. You can't really plan for every specific scenario. But what concerns me is how long things have been down? Right? And so when you go into like, you know a full trading day of not being able to access your money as an investor, it's a huge huge problem and they can't You know if they're going to they're going to continue to do business, they can't behave like that. They've got to figure out how do they recover faster when something goes poorly? Yeah. Yeah. Hey guys. Sorry about that. I'm back now. I think my internet blew up at the same time that the Graham did. Yeah and to be fair, you know, all our problems would always at our own software company whenever we had an outage who is always like Friday, you know, write the pilot when Jordan was supposed to get a break from the week. And then he'd be sweating in there probably to give are it was always back up in a matter of hours. We've never had I mean Jordan, how does something like this happen? That is so big that they can't get it back up even within a day. I mean will just an update that they may not heard that they made some update like the night before that. You heard anything about that night. I didn't hear anything about that. But if it wasn't update really, I mean it's you know, these companies should have Dev Ops teams that they know. Hey and up. Bass coming out on Sunday Monday morning could be a disaster. We need to have a plan in place to be able to roll back. Whatever. The update was to get us operating at a base level if things don't go with plant. I mean this is it's unacceptable that they didn't have a place to get things back up and running. Yeah, that's basic engineering want to want would be a big day with the market down as much as was down. You knew Monday was going to be I'm not saying that we knew that it was going to go up 1200 points for the Dow but we knew There's going to be a lot of eyeballs on the stock market, right? Yeah. Yeah. Hey look, I like to ask a question. I haven't even looked at comments. I'm pulling them up, but I would love to know from anyone V Ewing right now that account and sling you're Robin Hood account or are you keeping your Robin Hood account? I really been trying to figure that out on Twitter. Just read your tweets. I would love to see it. Can anyone comment? Do you have it? Robin Hood account if so, are you are you like switching right now to a TV or some a Weeble or you stand with them? Looking through and by the way the market guys, it's starting to tank. Again. It's down 550. Are you guys protected at all or you just just I am protected. I had my spy puts that were at a out-of-the-money price that got more out of the money. So I rolled those down. I'm in one. What is the 305's now? You're in three tens. I think I'm in I'm in the 305's. Yeah, I don't. Like I honestly are you know, how confident been throughout the last week of some, you know my positions and I'm actually at a point right now, but you know, for those of you are watching this has been one of the best I hate saying this I feel guilty saying this when all everyone else is losing all this money, it's usually me losing money with everyone else. I did get ahead of this and I call it a little bit of luck and a little bit of ridiculous preparation. But I've had one of the best trading weeks and my in your trading career last week, my account was actually up. I only want to talk about its up so much. It's I'm embarrassed to say and now going into today. I'm really clueless. I don't know what to do at this point. I like I don't know. I kind of put on a hedge on my account that I bought some SP y puts that expired March 20th, that will protect about 70% of My Equity account, but I'm no longer speculating in this market because it's just too unstable and I really don't know how the markets going to react day in and day out. I just want to have some protection and Listen, I'm not going to do any like day Jordan, you know, I've been pretty adamant every day. Like I'm going to I really feel the markets going to drop and it has most of these days but at this point and you've been you've been really good about being you were proactive in this and you were aggressive you actually made money when the market was going down and I the whole time have been more reactionary and just trying to hedge my portfolio to make sure that I didn't lose 12 percent of my net worth. So I my portfolios down but it is it would have been way worse had had I not, you know been somewhat reactionary and protected my portfolio using options and you are / folio will eventually come back up and just a matter of you know, matter of when right I could have and early on the the first week the week that I actually lost the most money was me just thinking, you know, this will come back its short term. I don't know. It's going to be a day a week a month a year, but it will come back. So I'm not going to do anything. It was the second week where I was like, well I might as well buy a little bit of insurance and that insurance is you know, kind of a sunk cost kind of like car insurance it is but it's something that if you need it it's there and it protects your your portfolio from going down too far so that I'm glad that I did that for the second week and I'm just kind of holding on to that not trying to make money but Trying to just not lose money make money on the upside and be basically even if it goes down more than 3% again. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think I think that's I think that's a pretty rational way to kind of think about this Jordan. How about you because I know you kind of got in with us on puts this weekend didn't work out that well, but what you are you just going to stick with your Equity going forward and not try to ensure anymore and just say like hey, it's going to come back eventually or What's your position? Yeah, so I was pretty busy this morning. So it actually gets a to pick up any puts. I'll probably looking for something a little bit longer term. I think most of the information has been digested by this point, right? And so now it's just what's going to happen over the next week two weeks three weeks as this thing continues to unfold so, yeah, I want a little bit of protection. Nothing crazy not trying to hit a home run here. Yeah. I'm We're trying to make money on the downside move. I'm really just looking to you know, mostly hedge My Equity portfolio. Not fully but mostly and I and there's a limited time window. It's too expensive to do that forever. Yeah, like I hope whatever the market does it. Does it in the next three weeks and gets it over with. Well, I have a problem is I don't think the things going to be done in three weeks. Right and I don't see really any indication that that's going to be the case. Oh, you don't well, I'm not saying it's going to be done in three weeks, but I think within three weeks will Have a much better idea of where we're headed and the market being forward-looking. Yeah bill will chart its course, right either correct much lower or kind of say, hey we can live with what this thing is doing to us, you know, and and will be a will be okay and start to move higher or stable up eyes. So it looks like some people are comments are saying that they are leaving Robin Hood some people are staying but they're also opening a Weeble and a tradestation account this person, you know, Yak lost NK in two days and Robin Hood. Oh some it's like my smaller second account each raise. My primary will not rely on Robins. So I honestly, I think a lot of that are our viewers today kind of have a similar thought to us do not have one broker account do not have one. You must have you I don't care. Your work must have two and they must both be funded, right? You know, yeah and and keeping by American investor there Brian lost about a thousand dollars not having access to options yesterday. Now. I did see that they are for people who had options expiring they were going to automatically basically if you were one sent in the money, they were going to exercise those options on your behalf or something so that I think I think that's what I read problem is the prices were changing throughout the day. So like what you know, what point can you say? Oh I would have sold here or I would have exercised at this point. You know what I mean? You can go make a case that you could have made a tunnel and it might be what happens if you have expiring options that you let expire if your one cent and the money isn't that the normal thing that happens and that's kind of what an option would do naturally, right? I can't even imagine the big traders who are on Robin Hood that how their customer service is dealing with. This guy's I would be insane. I be going insane right now. I really feel for the customer service staff there and everyone and people that lost money. I don't even know what to tell you. I accept that what's done is done. Don't let it happen again. You must have a backup broker account with if you trade options and you better have a not a secondary. Options account even if you don't trade options and you keep a huge portfolio, you better learn how to trade options in your secondary, which is going to be a much smaller portfolio, right? So you can lever up to essentially protect like if you have a million dollars, let's talk in smaller numbers. I know most people don't trade as big as we do right? If you have a hundred thousand dollar life savings and you know, you just like gosh, you know, something insane happens in the world. That's causing a 20-30 percent market crash you think Get a lot worse for them to Market and you're just like I need that money. I can't lose half my money today. You need to understand how to protect that, you know with an options trade through a secondary portfolio. That's maybe something we can designate a future episode 2. We are going to have an episode all about options trading where we teach our subscribers just the basics behind how to place an option straight. What a strike price means right what premium means how options are priced in the money out of the money at the money we've been doing this I've been training These guys since I was 14 years old, that's 30 others that 31 years of options trading. I was putting it through my older brother's account. So we will we promise we're going to teach you guys how to do this in a future designated episode. Let's see here. Who's that? Oh Patrick this car buddy. Patrick is Robin Hood at risk of being sued over potential losses. From what we understand Patrick. They are not they are fully protected under their account contract. I looked into that earlier this morning and like any online broker or any broker period I know it seems insane. They are not liable when their system goes down. I know it seems insane, but that's not a Robin Hood thing. That's a Everybody thing no matter who you're with today was not like a Robin Hood problem. This could and likely will happen to all the Brokers at some point in the future when we have a massive Black Swan event that's twice as bad as this event because this event was bad guys, but we all know we've been in the market it can get a lot worse. Okay, and if sometime in our lifetime it probably will be a lot worse and you better be prepared with a second Brewer account 20 years ago when eat Trade was a newer new ish concept. I remember there was probably 1997 and the market was doing crazy things and I could not trade in my account. It was just it was locked I couldn't get in. So this is definitely not a new phenomenon. This is just new to ten million Millennials who are trying to trade through Robin Hood. So it's here's the deal. You got a ton more people on these platforms. You've got a lot more ticks with the high frequency coming in and so these platforms Have to be redundant to all this stuff and I've got to know. Okay, well our capacity on an average day as X these are an average day. So you gotta have got to figure out how to deal with that. Hey guys. Can I talk about a couple of Trades here just for fun two trades in particular to both short, you know, I one of the stops that the only short that I kept from last week was Caesar's Caesars Entertainment. They also own hair has there are mostly a domestic. I think maybe exclusively maybe a attic Casino company here in the US my rat as you guys know, I shorted when I did pretty well with my wind cuts that are fully exited now, I think the primary concern with this Global thing that we're dealing with is going is moving domestic right now, right? It's moving to Europe and not you have to kind of like the last the last big place and I think if anything the most risk the most downside risk is in some of these domestic companies that are travel-related that may be having gotten hit. As hard do you see Guy people go into Harrah's Casinos and Vegas and Caesars and Juice them casinos all over the country. Right? Don't you think that's a place that is likely still going to get hard and maybe four months maybe for the next two months. I think I wouldn't go right now exactly and and likely anywhere where you have large people large number of people Gathering or going that's going to be affected. I mean you are in a concert this week, but will you be in a concert a month from now, you know, I probably won't a concert tickets. You have to under the reason why I'm not shorting the concert venues like Live Nation right or technique is because you hurt just those tickets like six months in advance. So like the tickets that were purchased for the next 90 days, we're probably purchased months ago and the tickets you're purchasing in the next 90 days are not for concerts is going to happen for six more months. So I actually don't think they're going to get hit as hard as some of the other companies the other one that I've been contemplating that I have not put a trade on yet. As you know, I own a restaurant Dave you own a bar right Yelp, right. I'm thinking Yelp a hundred percent of the revenue comes from restaurants and bars or mainly restaurants, right so and small businesses well, but like small business and mainly restaurants like if this thing gets worse in the US and causes school closings and people just to kind of contract for a while with their lifestyle and insulate themselves, even if it's not so Extreme as a quarantine, but kind of like, you know what we're just not going to really put ourselves out there going to restaurants every week. We're just going to maybe go out only a quarter as much as we used to don't you think Yelp with just get slaughtered their slow? And they're not even down that much right now. I haven't tried it yet. I'm thinking about I can't I Yelp is not one of my favorite companies. I used to use them actually as a customer just trying to find things now. I just Google everything and Google Maps has all the Yelp functionality built in and when you think about the kind of things you're looking to Yelp for it is restaurants and bars. And those are going to be the ones that cut their budgets it only the revenue comes from the restaurants and bars. And the first thing that's going to go is is unnecessary expenses and Yelp is very high on that list of unnecessary expenses with the fixed monthly fee for a restaurant. Is that how it works? No, you could up and down your advertising budget with them all the time. So easy down like my restaurant we will cut our Yelp. Now the first thing we cut we don't really like we know people are going to be using meal during the time like that to find new places because every place going to have reservations and they're not really we're not having its becomes almost worthless someone just dandy. Each just said Dave & Buster's that had that is a good one. Yeah. Yeah now Point reported Fitness, but I'm not so sure because Planet Fitness is like a monthly thing and they're so cute that you're like, oh, I'll just not go for two months and it cost you'd like $12 unless you could freeze your membership. You can freeze your membership. That's something to look into right like like if they allow you to freeze your membership. I think a lot of people would potentially freeze their membership, but Planet Fitness, It is interesting what like so these are like the secondary plays that people probably haven't really strategized on all that much and I kind of like playing around with those in like the later phases of an anomaly or blacks one type of event like this. I have to say Dave and Buster's a good one, right? I hadn't thought of that but that is a good one because a lot of that is kids and if schools are closed do you think your parents are going to let you go to Dave and Busters kids and touching video games and and Feeble things I that kind of grosses me out on a normal day. So now they're definitely good chance real paradise. And so the question about spy put spy puts to me is the insurance plate that is just that is something that you buy out of the money at a reasonable ish price to protect your portfolio from a just everything going down. Yeah makes sense because my portfolio is kind of a lot like spy. I have individual Holdings in a lot of the by companies and I also have SP ETFs. So that's that's what I use. Yeah. I have the 310 strike price puts that expire March 24 spy, but the stuff we're talking about now is these are our like speculative, you know trades that we just think we can kind of peek out some trading Revenue there. So I wrote the whole kills everything bars will be fine. You know, what? You can borrow be fine because I'm not I'm not saying about who goes to your bar. But the people that go to your bar, they're not going to not go to a bar and they like are they as long as we don't have an outbreak at the bar because then everyone who goes to the bar would would contract it now. We're good Cavern in Dallas, Texas is Dave's Days bar he him in our buddy Lynn on it and that bar has a lot of regulars and there's nothing stopping them. I didn't want to lie on had a Question earlier about who we think that the purchaser of Robin Hood in the future could be. Okay great question. So JP Morgan Chase obviously bought each Ray. So you would naturally want to look to their direct competitors Goldman Sachs. Obviously Goldman Sachs already has kind of their version of Robin Hood on the cash management side, but they certainly don't have a training division. That caters to individuals from Millennial Trader. So I think Goldman people say they're too cheap to buy Robin Hood. That's what I kind of heard. And that might be true. They're more like a build it for some by it. But Morgan Stanley right that that didn't engine works didn't Goldman. Recently by someone. Who am I thinking of no, you're thinking gentle Jay P Morgan Body trade. Jeff body trade. Goldman did not buy any of the big online Brokers. So I think also Fidelity. Okay Fidelity Investments is the other big potential acquire. I'm going to say either Morgan Stanley Goldman Sachs or Fidelity Investments. Those are the kind of big three. But there are others I mean there are definitely others. How about going to church like go to China? What's the big Chinese? One of the the big Chinese financial institution? I've been rumored to potentially by Robin because remember Robin Hood is going global right there aggressively Going Global because it's such a light platform. They don't have that kind of infrastructure that a lot of the old archaic platforms have where it's really hard to expand globally. So if Robin Hood becomes one of the first Global Brokers guys, what is the company that owns the it's like the biggest coming the world out of China, please tell me the name. Could someone help me here that that's rumored to by Robin Hood. I'm losing my mind sisters too much as Market stuff. And when you haven't slept in like four weeks, there's four or five four or five big potential choirs Robin out there and I think they're more than likely to get acquired that not in the next 24 months. If not, I think they will try to IPO in the next 24 months. I think that's happening one or the other will happen. I'm sorry, Morgan Body trade not JP Mi. How am I losing my mind? I maybe I am so either way reversed the other one Central Robin Hood require. Let's see what other stuff any other questions. I'll keep it a tweetable lot of these got a lot of these a lot of people train when we bowl these days. I think a lot of people who watch YouTube videos straight on Weeble because every Finance person on YouTube talks about people. Yeah. It's docs to free stocks down in the link. We do not believe my eyes it was Morgan Stanley. I don't know what I was saying. I was my mind makes backwards sometimes is Morgan Stanley. But anyway, JP Morgan Chase obviously would be the potential acquirer along with Goldman and Fidelity Investments. Those are the big three that I would refer to as petrol choirs. So you guys have any other trade ideas that you thinking of any other trick? Oh should we talk about the big one that we're working on right now on the on the long side or save it for future episode. We're going to save which one I think I think we can we can talk about it because are you guys still haven't made the episode that needs to be finished this week? How can we don't Apparently say these things for Standalone episode. Let's just go ahead and talk about it. Okay, as you guys know, we had that we trade a lot of food stuff. We trade fast food stops restaurant stops a lot of Trends, right Al our methodology is called information Arbitrage. We arm information mostly coming off the social data and one of the stories I've been following for a long time is the Wendy's breakfast. Okay. Wendy's breakfast has been in trial locations around the country. For a few weeks now and I've been modern just about every single tweet coming out with reactions of their breakfast and let me tell you something the reactions on Wendy's breakfast menu are outstanding people are loving the Wendy's breakfast specifically the bit the breaks huh, like the breakfast Baconator and they also their breakfast fries. I actually found I didn't write you wouldn't write it right. I did I found one of those locations I have some About took my camera. I think I might have actually and I filmed some stuff but yeah, I tried it myself and I was really skeptical because I don't like fast food breakfast McDonald's is okay because like fresh crack eggs. Well, so does Wendy they fresh crack eggs to I think they're actually better than McDonald's this breakfast was a amazing at Wendy's I can't believe how good it was for Wendy's. I was like it actually is good. So, what did I do? I immediately first thing Monday morning I opened up. Up opening positioning in Wendy's it wasn't a huge position. It wasn't a lever position because these market conditions. I don't recommend necessarily will get we're not financial advisors. Don't mimic our trades. There's a lot of risk here. I don't know what your risk is is might be different than ours, but we're just sharing what we do and I open up a trade in Wendy's on Monday morning. I will build into that trade if the markets calm down but with the markets the way they are I'm going to keep the trade. It's a six-figure trade but still relatively small for my Oil sighs Jordan I heard you did something with Wendy's as well. Yeah, I bought I bought probably about half the size that you bought but I bought okay, so you open up a position. Have you tried it yet? Have you looked under the Tweet? So you have you seen some stuff that I saw that's the thing. So I did it purely on reaction and what I saw on Twitter, I haven't actually gone to try the breakfast yet, and I probably won't. Oh, come on, dude. I'm not going to exit of Wendy's it's not happening. They fresh crack eggs, dude, they pressure whatever nothing wrong. I love how you get behind these buzzwords like fresh crack. Yeah, that's that's good. Yeah, I probably won't be eating the Wendy's breakfast either maybe buying us from what you saw. I might buy some stock also somewhat attention purely based on social media. Yeah. So listen, someone mentioned to stop felt 15% of what these stockings down like all of the other stocks and I was like, hey, you know stock is down a I want to remind everyone what happened to McDonald's when they went with all day breakfast. It was theirs is Wendy's a 24/7 breakfast not yet, but it doesn't matter because if Wendy's breakfast proves out to be a huge success the market will start to price in the potential future impact of an all-day breakfast. Should they decide to go down that road where all the other big breakfast? Fast food companies have gone. So so everyone knows that that's an option and that's all that matters again the market trades on future potential and if Wendy's Nails this breakfast and again, it is a little early to tell if they're nailing it. But from what I'm seeing right now, it looks positive. So for me for my portfolio for my risk tolerance, not for yours, but for mine and it was worth me opening up a position in Wendy's and that's what I did. Well, how do I gauge against from because I haven't Really? I had enough time to fully digest it but I have used this opportunity to load up on a little bit more of stocks that I either don't own and wish I had like Shopify or stocks that I do own but wish I had more like Microsoft so both both are off of their highs and I think are things that for me our long-term holds and I like those companies and so I'm actually rather than buying stock in a market that we have no idea what's going to happen. I actually Ali bought options that represent the number of shares that I would have bought so that I basically have a safety net can't go down more than the option to expire worthless. And that's where I am or long-term. I bought these a couple months out that their stocks that I want to hold anyway, so hopefully they'll be in the money and I just get those up those calls assigned to me markets down over 700 now by the way guys Boy George you might want to get those puts People only God is calling us. But well, this is wait until it pops back up the next few days. It's yeah, like if I'm wrong I'm not going to try to predict this thing at this morning that is naive is anyone up. I was really confident last week. I made my money and now I'm just going to ride it out have some insurance on my portfolio, but not try to over react every move insurance is paying off though. I'm now up $42,000 and and the ones that I bought just this morning, but your Counts, probably still down but count is definitely still down. I lost a half million dollars before I even started trying to protect my portfolio. So only not today a little tender. No, not today before I started protecting two weeks ago. I lost a half million dollars and that's when I decided to start buying Insurance. Oh gosh. Yes, I remember that. So yeah, I'm down fixed 50,000 up is not great when you are down a half million. I just checked my account. Been with my insurance. I'm still down six figures right now on the day, but you know what? That's okay. Listen, that's okay. It's a hedge. It's not I'm not trait actively trading this thing anymore. So, let's see here. Wendy's practice from 6:30 to 10:30 guys. If you watch his channel do us a favor go to Wendy's try the breakfast. See what you think. Let us know. I mean you think this is going to be disclaimer. He isn't he is a stockholder in the stock. He's you know, My dream my dream II, you know my spent basically my entire trading career crowd sourcing data, right? And and so today I crowdsource data through social right? I don't need to have an army of people but I still like the idea of if we have a following here, you know go out try it, you know ask ask the people working at Wendy's ask them is breakfast performing better than your store anticipated. Okay, and if they say wow. Really performing better than anybody anticipated at corporate or my ownership group or or My restaurant? Right. This is doing way better than we ever thought. That's a good data point. That's a data point that you want to have as an investor and I do that I will live I will go I will probably visit 20 Wendy's in the next two weeks and asked that exact question two people working the front line. I will ask for the manager. I'll ask the assistant manager not be like hey, how is breakfast doing compared to what you thought it was going to do? Right. That's the key question. It's not is it doing good or bad that that's too generic. How is it is it doing better than you guys had planned it to do and if you get visit 20 restaurants and 18 to them say yes it is. That's a good data point and anybody getting this whole portfolio is in Waffle House. What do you think about Waffle Houses these days? I know nothing about Waffle House. I hope it could be the best of the worst investment ever. I know I know nothing about it. Did you want by a Cool stairs or did you buy options in we're not because of the volatility in the market right. Now. I made a relatively small straight Equity position. I just purchased shares. Now if my confidence in the Wendy's trade goes up over the course of the next few days to a week weeks and the market volatility starts to lower meaning that Wendy's can how good Wendy's does will actually make a difference in a stock price because guys if the market Falls 10 or 15% from here there is is nothing that fresh cracked eggs is going to do for Wendy. Stop that that is going to combat that. Okay. So you have a question from sujay here when you when you are a gauging interest on Twitter. How do you determine that and is there enough activity to Warrant a trade? Okay. So two ways talk more about your kind of methodology of kind of quantifying. Yeah one tweet that you read or a thousand tweets that you read. How does that turn into a trade? Okay, there's two ways to do. What I'm going to focus on the second way. The first way is quantitative using measurement software like the company that me and Jordans old ticker tags a company that we sold to Jeffrey's bank and that helped hedge funds and Quant funds measure number of people that would say things like love+ Wendy's plus breakfast. So if you could measure when the words love and breakfast and Wendy's or in the same tweak how many people are using that combination of words everyday and you Could compare that to a known Benchmark like when McDonald's went, you know what their breakfast and you and say hey in the first six months of McDonald's breakfast. They were averaging 20 thousand tweets a day that had love breakfast McDonald's and Wendy's is doing half that or 3/4 of that that that that's pretty amazing when you look at how much smaller Wendy's is the company. So those are quantitative ways that quite honestly would be really tough for you to be able to assess the other way is just to use your gut instinct go on. dot-com search for keywords like love Wendy's breakfast then search for keywords like hate Wendy's breakfast all right so that's just one very simple example but if the ratio of people talking about loving Wendy's breakfast is 10x the ratio of people talking about hate Mondays breakfast and just look at it for like a one-day increment were three our increment right just best say in the last four hours I have 60 people talking about how they love Wendy's breakfast but only we six people saying that they hate when these breakfast right that's a good 10 to 1 ratio that would give you some confidence that the reaction to Wendy's breakfast is really really positive right so it's actually a very simple way that anybody without any time you don't have to have sophisticated software like the type of software that me and Jordan Built to be able to do this type of analysis there are simpler ways to do it for free right on twitter.com okay but you have to get creative with the words that you're looking up the combination of words That's what we do. We do this every single day with thousands of word combinations and you know, a lot of times we're doing it manually even when we have access to software. Hope that answers your question. That answered my question. Thank you because because I don't spend as much time on Twitter as Chris does so I basically rely on Chris telling me hey, look what I found and then what we do we come on YouTube and share it with you guys. So that's that's kind of it's like a perfect system. Yeah, so you don't have to spend 10 hours a day on Twitter like me like a maniac two, three and four in the morning doing nothing, but, you know keep my eyes open. I can barely read the tweets anymore obsessing over this stuff. That's I do right that's the way I trade okay guys yeah so try to do your own research guys let us know a comment this is listen this is a small trade for me but it could become a big trade and listen every piece of research matters every piece of data met matters and you know you think that the Big Wall Street firms and the investment Banks you think they have good research that I've worked at a mall you know me and Jordan a tick or tags we've worked with all the big Banks we work with a lot of the hedge funds in the world there are smart people there but they don't have nearly the quantity of people to do to do information gathering as just a simple group like this the people that are watching here today so trust me they might send one person to a Wendy's to ask questions for one day if we can get 50 people to go to Wendy's all around this country and gather information and share that that kind of that combined intelligence right is a massive research State of point that we collectively share with each other through these kind of boards and we can all you know, make our own trades, you know, using our own risk tolerance. But again, we're not your financial advisor. Do not trade based on what we're saying today. You make your own decisions. This is for entertainment and education purposes. Only. I want to repeat that. It's very important to go to a Windy's and try out the breakfast and talk to some people there come back to the comments for this video because that's a good place for all of us to share that information and see see what's going on in the real world because it fluently Chris you can only go to so many Windy's to go so and I'm not even in a country with Wendy's. Yes. Yeah. I wouldn't I wouldn't underestimate the research power of Chris. That's all I need. It's like Walmart and Target and Costco. I know that we wanted to talk about the the insanity that was going on at Costco over the weekend. it was insane La they have three our lines right people were climbing shells evidently in La Dallas is pretty busy but it wasn't like that I think this stuff is going to be Regional it's just like city-by-city depending on when the city's get hit right at first though you think it's going to be more Regional at first yeah the one by isil pretty normal I mean it's always kind of busy but it wasn't crazy yeah II still love Amazon here little guys like I can't even imagine the amount of business that Amazon is doing this quarter could you even imagine how much business this could be a record quarter for Amazon Prime like and I'm not even I'm not anywhere close to a doomsday prepper but just after a few phone calls with Chris I got on my Amazon account and ordered pretty much I went through the previous orders list and I ordered pretty much three or four of everything I've ordered from Amazon in the past year for stuff like you know paper towels and granola bars and that sort of thing so and Chris has been nice enough to go over to my House and take the boxes from the porch and move them inside and over like three days. They've had like 20 boxes show up. So yeah. Well, I'm a huge quarter from retail purchasers who are talking to you. Apparently that's that's as far as I can tell and I know Treasury's just hit point nine eight five guys. That is insane. Someone said have you considered shorting us? See world. One of the biggest shorts I've ever made was Unseen World memory years ago. When that that movie came out about the whale we were monitoring social traffic every day for a year and a half. I have it was that Chris was a good Blackfish Blackfish. Yeah. That was one of my biggest shorts ever see World due to this whole event but it is, you know, it's not like I said SeaWorld is one of Secondary plays a lot of people probably aren't thinking about it could be a good trade. I don't know. I haven't researched it. But what I have on Amazon's down 46, you're killing me guys who just tried to kill me? So see what the good potentially good one to research. I'm going to stick with Caesars and and to Dave and I really kind of I think that Dave and Buster's kind of pick is Is an interesting one to reach I'm gonna start researching day. I'm gonna go to Dave and Busters this week and I'm going to see if their traffic started dropping yet. Just a Dallas. I doubted that happened about if you were ready to go. I have I have I know I have my n95 mask I have gloves I have goggles I have full suits I have those Tyvek white suits that I don't plan to ever wear myself but again if you have someone coming into your home if the virus gets really bad and you're like you have kids that me are immune have immune issues I like my kid has lung issues right and so I if we don't want to have people on our house spreading germs I'm going to have a bra on gloves and maybe a Tyvek suit and a mask. Yeah, call me crazy. Now. He's listening to Dave and Busters this weekend and take a picture of yourself. I might that's the reason to subscribe to at Chris Camilo on Twitter because that's where you see his ridiculous pictures. Yes at Chris Camilo is my Twitter. Come hang out with me there. You can ask me anything on Twitter. All right. Let's see any we've been going for a while guys, I think. Feel like I'm in for one hour mark. So it's like the mortgage process so much to get back on this like I got I got to see what's going on our trading. Yeah, not training. So I promised myself. I wouldn't do that anymore this week. I'm done. I made my gains at 800 points now man. This thing is going crazy. Hey, this is Ben. How cool is it hasn't grabbed real quickly just refresh and see the status of Robin Hood now that the markets moving. They are still operational as of this very minute. Yes, it's still happening. How cool was it how was grandmas? That was that was that was great. Hopefully we can have guests on more often that that worked out quite well and he's such a great guy and his thoughts are he's the guy I turned to on the internet. So we threw the money threw a party last year for the biggest Financial YouTubers. Right and Graham came to our party and we hung out with them and really connect with them and you know what he told. He looks like a nice guy on YouTube and like a smart nice-guy. He's actually smarter and nicer in person than he is on YouTube. Like he really is the real deal. And when you meet people that have this kind of big online Persona, and then you meet him in real life and they're just as cool and even nicer I think it says a lot so like that's a guy we really love promoting here on done money and like I would Would absolutely like there are very few YouTubers in this world. I'm like watch their Channel Graham is one of them like I watch his channel, you know, like it's I feel like half the time he's talking I feel it's exactly what I want to say. He's just way smoother in the way that he gets big. So he's a professional for sure. Yeah. Anyway, all right. This has been fun. We'll be back next week right angle. So it's only Tuesday. So I'm going to actually be in town. We can do another dumb money live maybe Thursday just to kind of give an update to what's going on in the market absolutely and weeks of being episodes coming up. So make sure you subscribe if you happen haven't we got some amazing episodes coming up the next few weeks? Awesome product. No go over to our YouTube channel And subscribe to us there and that's where the comments for this happen the live chat. Sometimes magically disappears from the live episode. So if you had a comment or a question put it into the actual comments on the episode because we will will be in there over the next 24 to 48 hours responding to comments and it's a great place to kind of keep this conversation going and one person said they want to rock this Robin Hood shirt. You know what? I would say, I would say email if you have a Robin Hood account and I say email them and say hey just send me a shirt and we're all good. I have a funny feeling they'll send you a shirt for a lot of people would say if people say that they saw dumb money. They saw the dumb money Robin Hood investors, and they had a Robin Hood shirt that you want that they want. Give them a shirt give him a shirt. Okay. Listen, that's the least you could do mailman shirt and tell tell them that the money. Guys said they should know your shirt. Sure, that's perfect. I'm sure I'm sure he loves that you want to just put his email on the screen while we're out but I just happened to me I'd ask for shirt and they'd better someone to the least they could do that would do more for that than the the free three week. We went to the probably Hood gold that they're giving I think that's what they said that they're going to do. It's all right, that's going to do it for this edition of the money live. We thank you guys so much for watching for Chris and Jordan my name is Dave. We will see you will see you later this week. Good luck and we're out.