It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting with people who maybe feel like there is no hope or for people who don't know who to talk to and perhaps maybe just maybe Jenna story will relate with you or with someone that you know and care about so Jenna. Thank you for being here. Thank you for having me in my newly renovated office. Yeah, kind of kind. It in progress. Yes. Yes. Yes, cool. So are you ready? I'm ready. Okay, let's let's dive in so let's start from the beginning. So why don't you tell the folks a little bit about your story. They know your name, but that's about it. Right? So a little bit about your story and then what kind of lead to UNI crossing paths. Yeah. Um Okay, so I was in grade 10. I was 15 when I first started feeling pain in my back and my neck. It was pretty constant. But but it kind of it there was a variety in where the pain I felt it. So sometimes it was in my neck. Sometimes it was in my lower back or my mid back or everywhere. I was very confused. I went to see my family doctor and over the next. For five years. I was referred to a variety of different practitioners and doctors and I went for different testing. This was over 20 years ago. Okay, so not yesterday not yesterday. But also I just say that because I feel like what we know now about pain is different right from that that time things have changed. Yeah. Yeah, so I saw a chiropractor a physiotherapist. I went to a rheumatologist. I had a bone scan its kind of foggy. Like I just I remember just these years years of just going for one thing after another and nothing helping. And then I remember I was in my first year of University when I think my doctor must have heard about this physiotherapist who is an aqua physiotherapist and this was kind of this was what led to kind of closing that first chapter of this whole story. So I'm 20 years old and I go to this heated Therapeutic Pool in downtown Ottawa and you got your feet wet. And with therapy. Hmm, / I did excellent. So it's me with my Aqua physiotherapist with her a little sheet and hurled plastic page and then the pool full of seniors at their aqua Fitness class. So 20 year old Jenna and all of these like, I don't know 70 plus men and women, so when that didn't really make any difference, I really was at a place where I felt like it was okay. Okay to just kind of be done with the whole thing. And I just I have kind of this image of like boxing up the whole deal and just putting it on a shelf and saying I think it's just time to accept that this is part of my life and part of who I am and I'm just okay with that by now because I'm kind of done with trying things that don't work at that point. I did have a diagnosis of myofascial pain and I was given a prescription for medication to help me sleep because at the time the pain would keep me awake through the night. Yeah, and I know how you know psychologically powerful it is to have a name for the thing and pills for the thing. Yeah. So anyway, so I had those and and I was ready to just kind of move on and then it was about I think about 10 years later that yeah, I had had a few kids by then and I decided to try some new things. I had taken my son to see an osteopath and I was like, hey, I never saw an osteopath. So I went to see him and he suggested diet changes. So and I that made sense to me because we had gone through some foodstuff with her. I think I probably had two kids at least at that time and I had learned about you know, the Friends or the effect that you know, eliminating certain foods can have in that kind of thing. So I gave that a go and it made no difference and it was at the point where he was suggesting things like dietary changes that just were really not something I could go to that extreme, you know, was there one in particular that stood out his suggestions? Yeah, like yeah. He said he said that I needed to avoid like grain-fed meat like all like only purely 100% grass-fed right? And and I know how hard it is to find that because even even grass-fed meat that I know of is often finished on yeah grain. Yeah and even like Now it's so much more accessible because there are companies that do that right, but even now it's still not that excessive right? And if you don't know where to look to yeah, totally so I just I remember just feeling like yeah. No, I'm not gonna do that. And and I I really wasn't feeling any better and I was so used to trying things and not feeling any better that yeah. It was just kind of same old right and then it was probably I think a bit after that. that I decided to try seeing a chiropractor again and I started I neighborhood recommended this chiropractor near us different from the one I had seen before and so we started going to her my husband went to and we brought our kids and yeah, so we that also didn't really like it didn't make any lasting change at all. I mean it felt all right, but do it but to, you know have the adjustments but I didn't notice any sort of improvement in the pain and by then, you know, I was so used to it that it was just like this constant thing that I didn't even really notice at all times. You know, I've ever somebody, you know, if people that I knew would ask me like close friends or my parents or whatever would ask like, how is your backbend and I like think about and be like, yeah, it hurts. It kind of always hurts. I just don't really think about it. Yeah, it's just there. Yeah. Yeah, so that was a little while back just like a few, you know years ago, I guess and then last spring a close friend of mine Sarah. We've been friends forever. She went to a workshop with dr. Isaiah Redfern at Ottawa performance care and learned about his thing and what he does and she told me that he works. People who are experiencing pain and she was like, you should go see him. So I thought sure maybe someday that sounds great. And then it was in the summer. My husband hurt his back and I said you should go see this guy that I heard about who helps people and so he sent his, you know appointment request thing and and I thought I should do it too. So I did I sent a form as well and that's kind of how I plugged in with. Dr. Redfern. Which by the way he will be on the show in the near future because the guy's a wizard and just mentioning him, you know in passing just does not do him as a human being but also the work that he does justice. So we'll be having him on the future. I feel like most people in my life. Oh, yeah, that's an accurate like everybody who knows me has heard me talk about both of you. There are some people who confuse the two of you and they just like I mean we both Some the I don't know if they see you guys kind of one person or or they mix up which which who's who like, who am I seeing now? And who did I see back in the summer anyway, right? So yeah, so I went to see dr. Redfern and that was a super fascinating experience. I remember after my first appointment. I was in I was a whole hour without pain, right and it was very like I remember I went to farm boy and I was like, Feeling this novel sensation of not having any pain and looking around it and looking around at all these people and being like I just want I just so you know, I don't have any pain. I don't actually tell anybody but it was really tempting. I was like you should all know that I don't have pain. You have no idea. How big this is reckon. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so I went to see him. I went to see him for three appointments and at the last one He I remember exactly where I was standing and he at the beginning of the appointment. He asked me do you feel like this is working and I said, I don't know because I think normally I know like my husband Danny his experience was a lot quicker than mine. Like he was you know, without pain for much longer than an hour after that first appointment. So right I think he was kind of recognizing that maybe what I needed was more, right? And and so I just I looked up at him and I was like, I don't know. Yeah, literally because he's actually pretty tough. And I remember he looked at me and said I think you need to get into a gym and make your body stronger. And in that moment. I'm honestly surprised that I didn't burst into tears you save those for me. Yeah. I remember just kind of being frozen and staring up at him and saying yes. Yeah cool and I felt like I meant it with all of all that I am when I said that yes, but my next question was how do I do that? Right a clue? Yeah, and it's funny because I'm pretty sure that it was like the week before I'd had this kind of fleeting thought of you know, someday I think it would be so great to work with a trainer because I'd love to feel strong. You know, I have four kids and I mean I'm getting older and I just don't want to feel weak. I want to feel strong and yeah, but it was kind of this very like brief passing thought because I knew that to make that happen would involve extensive over thinking on my part and and research and trying to find like who do I go? See? I don't know what I don't even know what I need. So I don't know who what I'm looking for. So yeah, so when I asked him, how do I do that? He's like he said I know a guy that I think would be a good fit. Yeah. Yeah, then he handed you a postcard. Yes, sir. Yeah, he gave me your business card and he gave me somebody else's card to but you were the first person that he mentioned. So thank you doc. Yeah, and he went he said is rock cliff are for you and I was like, yeah, that's right. That's actually quite far from me. But but in my end my remember my mind kind of racing. And thinking but if that's what I need to do, I can make that work. I will make that work if that's been so I think I sent you an email that afternoon and we spoke on the phone the next day and then we met the following morning and I realized tomorrow like tomorrow will be 6 months since we first met really. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I remember I drove into me. Yeah, see going to see dr. Radford was one thing because I knew that his thing was like help people fast right and get them out of there. Right and I thought I can fit that in I can fit in fast, but when he said that he felt I needed to get stronger and move my body. I just immediately knew that that made sense and like taking a long-term approach you me. Me. Yeah, well, I don't think that's not really what he was saying. I mean that's what he was saying but like yeah, but the more I thought about like this is not the same thing that I'm about to try. This is this is going to be I knew it needed to be a long-term. Hmm, and I knew that for it to work or even have a chance to work I had to be totally invested because I don't have the time for to go halfway. Yeah, you know, yeah, of course. So I think like just kind of letting that all sink in like this is embarking on a whole other thing and what that would mean and I really did not Overthink it, you know like I didn't have the time for that and yeah, so I met with you I arrived in tears and that was having that. Yeah, and that's another thing that I I is interesting. I think I don't know how I would have responded to that in any situation, but it was just like when I walk up to the front and I see you. We like make eye contact and I think it just in that moment. Just I could see that like things were things were happening and tears were flowing. I was like, all right, cool. Like is this happening? But but there was there was something about your demeanor that I was like that was warm and welcoming and where you are just ready for help. Okay, and yeah, I remember I remember that day like very clearly. Yeah II remember walking in I don't even think I said hi. And I just said I cried the whole way here. Yeah said do you need a hug? Yeah, that was the first thing he said yeah. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Yes. I had brought Kleenex with me my to be prepared. Um, yeah, so Yeah, that's that's and I think I do you want me to talk to go from there's more to say yeah, keep going. Um. Yeah. Well, I mean so we started we started meeting the following week. And yeah, like I said, I knew that I really had to be all in with this to really give it a shot and I think you know you had asked about expectations. Hmm. Um, I didn't really have the time to come up with any expectations. I really fully just dove into this. Yeah, and I remember at that first at that first assessment. Appointment you you said at the end something about how like I don't know if this is going to work if you know and I thought okay. Okay like that. That's good. Like I guess I don't want to get my hopes up and you don't want to get your hopes up and and then after when I like I kind of sat with that and thought about how well even if I'm still with the pain getting stronger is still a win so I still felt ready to just be like I'm doing this because it's an opportunity to get stronger safely because you know how to make that happen. So even if I you know, I'm still feeling the pain. It's I'm still it's still a win. Mmm. So I felt ready to go into it and I still like I want to say I had no expectations, but I think over time I kind of realized that I did have some that. I just wasn't really aware of. How are you I'd well I can think of an example like after our first session. So the following week at the end of it. I guess I assumed that you would have me do things at home right more movement related things. Right? And the first thing you told me to do is start journaling which was like what? Okay. Okay, so I was like, yes, I will do that because you are telling me to do it and I will do it. Yeah, and yeah, so that was really interesting journaling is something that I had done in the past, but not In any sort of committed way or a consistent way for a long time. So that was something that I started and that's been a very interesting part of this whole process. Yeah, and I think we were about three weeks in two sessions when I felt I could confidently say that my lower back pain like my new normal was to be without pain in my lower back. Mmm. So that was mind-blowing. Because they didn't see that coming. Hmm for what it's worth. I didn't either you know, and that's the thing that I find is challenging and also exhilarating with this type of work is that you genuinely don't it's if we cannot predict how people are going to respond to a given exercise or a set or a week of training. So it's all like it's like calculated risk, you know, and I don't know if you remember like during the during the assessment one of the things that we took a look at was actually scars remember that yeah, and that's right. So there was something where I think I'd ask you like what something that causes discomfort for you. Mmm. And you had meant you had mentioned hanging. Hmm. So it's like okay awesome hang and we'll see how that feels. And then we did a little bit of Scar work on some of your scars. I think the one in the neck and then some of the ones on the upper back and then you ask you to hang again. You're like that feels very different. Like I feel hand fatigue. I don't feel it was my neck. Neck. Yeah, I didn't feel it in my necklace. Yeah, and and so, you know when in my experience when I see transient symptoms like that, it's likely not purely mechanical. Okay, and that there are other things going on and those Dynamic things. It's those other variables we can influence them really rapidly. Okay, and so that's where I was like, okay, like, you know, like I got a I got a good thing. I got like a good feeling but ultimately there's no guarantee which sucks because everybody wants guarantees, but it's just it's just the nature of things, you know, but I was curious so you mentioned a few things earlier one was that you put your pain like in a box And I remember you talking about this box at one at one point. I can't remember what the context was. But when you mention that just now I had like a little flashback. So and there was a time that like what led to you being like? Okay, like I'm ready to like open this box up again and like to re-engage this problem or to you don't do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I think um I think it was like going to see. Dr. Redfern was potentially a fast thing right and and I thought well, I can't like I said before like I can handle fast. So I just kind of felt ready to give it a shot and then I don't think I did ever come to a place where I consciously was like, let's open this box. Okay before starting. Okay. It was only once I started that I started. Think back to the box and I was like, oh my gosh, I'm opening the box. This is happening. Yeah. Yeah, and that was challenging in a way. Yeah. I'm just remembering how I don't know how to describe it. Just this. I'm thinking back to the time. I remember sometime mid-fall when you said something about like sharing my story and me saying that I have no words in too many words at the same time. So I'm referring to that. At first, you know a month or two months that we were meeting and it's hard to to give words to describe that time because it was just it was so there was so much going on in my brain and in my body and emotionally and I was learning so much and but yeah, I remember though. thinking about it on I think it was a Monday not that that matters and I've been thinking about it earlier in the day and just yeah feeling like can I can I go into my fake? Yeah, of course. Yeah, of course. It's definitely a part of it and that was actually where I was gonna okay, I was gonna ask you a question about that. So yeah, I just remember feeling like back when I had kind of put that box on the Shelf. I I can't I felt like I had come to a place where I accepted that having this pain is part of me and my life was a part of God's plan for me. And and so This idea of like taking this box and opening it was I was like battling with the idea that this was challenging God's plan or testing him in some way. And and I knew that that didn't make sense fully like I but I was still kind of hanging onto like is like, how do I how do I open this without? I don't know questioning. I don't know without stepping on someone's toes. Yeah, and so and I didn't know how I was going to tell you this because at that up to that point, I hadn't really talked too much about my faith, right and and so I just didn't know how you would take it. Yeah, and I remember we were sitting on one of the benches. And then I described to you this box. And and what I was feeling that's where that okay? Okay, cool. Okay. It's coming back to me. Yes, keep going. Yeah, so I described to you the box and and this idea of opening the box and just feeling like I was testing God's plan in some way and I remember you looked at me and said well, you don't know God's plan. Maybe I'm part of God's plan and I and it just looked like Sting. Okay, then yeah that makes sense, which I can move on in hindsight. That's Sounds like I have a massive ego, but I didn't take it that way, but it was interesting that guy. I've never had a conversation like that with anyone before. Okay. I've never said that or challenged. I'm always very cautious with what I challenge right? And but I think it's really important for us to start moving in new directions. We need to start questioning what we previously believed was true. Right and so as I well if we're if we're anchored to and not saying that this is you but if we're anchored to this idea that me being in pain is is a part of of this of this greater plan and we and we believe that as being true. It's going to be very difficult. to let that go unless there's proof of otherwise or if there is something that brings that brings it to question that if that makes any sense, so I'm happy that that landed because in hindsight was a little risky, but I think I was so ready to chill let that go and and you know, you had talked to me a lot about about changing the narrative. Hmm, right? And you know, I had you know, I came in with believing this narrative or living this narrative that that this pain was part of me and my life and all of this and so I had to kind of shift my thinking to be open to the possibility of not having pain as part of my life. Right and and so that conversation played an important part of it. It didn't have any it didn't change my faith at all. It just kind of gave me the permission that I guess I guess I was looking for outside permission to kind of let that go and just you know, pursue something new. Yeah, I love that. So in in line with that how has your sense of self shifted in the last six months? How how do you see? yourself now and maybe in contrast to before Well, I feel like a lot A lot has changed. I mean a lot is the same but I think the biggest shift that's related to this is is just seeing how resilient I am and and you know, you know when you learn about neuroplasticity and bio plasticity and it all makes sense and everything on paper but to live it. And experience it. Mmm, even within one session like that. Just seeing how easy I Can Transform Ya that has been huge and it's been really interesting to be able to apply that in the way. I relate with my kids right? Because you know when they try things right, you know, they're not great at something to start with and everybody wants to be good at whatever. Away without much effort, right and you know, I can tell them that all the things all the things that you know, I so many things that I've you know, you've had me do where I was not very good to start with and then improve rep rep. Number one, right? Yeah. So yeah juggling is probably the easiest example, but even you know, thinking back to those first hip hinges that you had me do where right, you know, I did like two of them in my lower back flared up. Yeah. Away, and it hurt a lot and and then you know, we came back to that not many sessions later and I felt nothing. Yeah, so just seeing not seeing that's like I feel like that. I don't know how to explain it because I'm like living it feeling it feeling. Yeah. I'm just feeling that transformation, you know that like I couldn't do this thing and now I can do it and I'm like feeling the dots come together. Yeah, and I'm feeling that ation between my brain and my body. Yeah with and I have literally like used my voice to talk to myself and say like we're okay, we're safe and it works. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's so cool. So two questions, the first one is what's what's one thing. What's the thing that we've done that you're like, this is super weird. Like what's the weirdest thing that we've done movement wise that was like a part of this. Knee that is very I don't know. Different or that you did not or as maybe not common foot working foot for working. Yes salute. That was actually one of your homeworks for a little yeah. Yeah, that would definitely, you know, I would tell people I've started seeing a personal trainer and they're asking are you are you can you can you do 20 push-ups and I'm thinking no that's not the kind of training. He makes me take a fork to the bottom of my foot. Yeah. That is true. That's an interesting one. Yeah, is there anything that comes in close second for you? Anything weird, you know, it's so interesting the foot for working. I feel like nothing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah true. Yeah, it's so it's so interesting, you know, like you mentioned where tomorrow is like our six-month anniversary. And today we are whatever we were February we're recording this on February 21st, right? I don't know when this will come out probably in a week or two, but it's so it's so cool how I feel like Your journey has so many layers to it. And even our relationship. I feel like has a lot of layers to it. Like we've I'm speaking for myself here, but I feel like we've turned into really great friends and I feel like I know you on not just like a superficial level but like on a soul level because of the journey that we've gone through and the conversations that we've had. You know, we've had some pretty yeah, we've had some deep ones. We've Managed IT in between sets. Yeah. Yeah totally and Converse and and sometimes staying an hour after to just like talk about philosophy or whatever but you know, like I'm here and I'm thinking I'm thinking back to your journey and it feels so much longer than 6 months for me in terms of I don't know how I relate to you and how I relate to this this whole process. Whereas on the same in the same way. It also feels like it's been a blink of an eye, you know what I mean? Like it also feels like it's been really short but also that I guess the the depth of this journey and our relationship far exceeds 6 months if that's it feels like September was a really long time ago when I think back to that beginning time where it was very There was so much change and questioning and like uncertainty and just you know, I one thing I was thinking about earlier today was the fear that I had when we started to about you giving up on me. Yeah, remember the times that I would like that were there were probably more tears there. Yeah. Yeah, and that was something else that like, you know when I say I I didn't really decide let's take this box down and open it up. Again. It wasn't until we started that kind of lots of things were coming up and that was one of them just to feeling like and I didn't this wasn't something that was really I was conscious of but I mean everything I had ever tried never worked and it didn't last and and I think I was afraid that this that if this didn't work that it would end and I was just so I just Came in feeling so vulnerable and ready to just dive in and give it everything I could and just feeling like but what if he says that it's not going to work, right, you know, right? So that was yeah it just it feels so long ago. Yeah, and then I think it wasn't like I kind of see it as the different kind of phases of the these last six months because I think it was in it was by the end of September of my lower back pain was pretty much gone. And then it was beginning of November that the rest of it was pretty much gone. Hmm, and then I've had a few times where something kind of came up again, but then getting back to the gym and within a session or two, it was like yeah and again, yeah, so just feeling like I can trust my body and I can trust this process. Then I trust you and and then because the Christmas break was another like getting together and then going back after Christmas well, and it's interesting that you say that because that's exactly what I was going to bring up. Is that even we're still uncovering things within that box. Yeah, right where yeah over the Christmas break and then shortly after that when I went to Vegas for the course where it was like, what do you mean? I'm not going to see you for two weeks and I'm going to see you for two sessions and then you're gone for another week, you know, and I can't remember if it was something that you said or if it's if I just kind of read between the lines but there wasn't there was an element of that that seemed like concerned as to whether or not everything would come back over that Hiatus. Yeah Community especially and I remember because I it was the week of New Year's and I remember I expected that we would get really get into the gym again the following Monday. And then I got an email from you that you had scheduled me for the following night. And thankfully I wasn't able to make it like that just didn't work with my schedule. So I had pushed it back a couple days and we ended up meeting on Saturday. But within that time I was like flooded with fear that you know, what if my body doesn't remember what it like I was worried. I would be disappointed in myself that you would be disappointed in me. And I mean this is months into the whole thing. This is only yeah, not that long ago. Yeah, and you know, this is where the power of journaling. Comes in because I remember making a point on the Friday evening to sit down and I just dumped all that out and and honestly on the Saturday I didn't think of it at all. Like I went to the gym and I had none of that on my mind at all and I didn't even think of it until later. I think I told you later on that before going I had like the day before I had been feeling all of this stuff and Afraid and yeah. Access and everything but I had kind of let it all go before I even went to the gym and then we finish the session. I was like, oh this wasn't so bad and I can still do all the things and yeah, I'm still strong. I guess two weeks doesn't undo everything two weeks isn't anything no. No. No. So what was the cause I know like if we if we go back to the beginning when you when you and I first started working together or even just like leading leading up to that initial meeting. What lake because there's a lot of people that get a recommendation that just don't follow through. So what was there anything in particular that led to you essentially following through and like trusting that this was something to pursue was it that you had kind of thought about it before is that is it kind of tied in with your faith? What do you think? Um, I think I think the biggest thing was was trusting Isaiah. Hmm. And and I don't know if it was just in that moment that I was just kind of open to hearing it. But it just what he says his recommendation made sense. Yeah, okay, and another part of it. I'm thinking it was probably the time of year because we hadn't scheduled any kids activities yet. Right right. No room for just yeah. It was it was just a Name that it worked to kind of manipulate our schedule and take things out and make this fit and then I like I had a lot of support to yeah, right. So I mean my husband was totally on board and which is awesome and my parents are really supportive to and they've been a great help with helping with watching the kids sometimes and thankfully, you know, our oldest is Old enough to babysit so that's really helpful to. Yeah. So I think I think part of it was timing. Yeah, not that but II know that had I just had the idea myself like I kind of did the week before. Yeah. It was such a brief like moment. I would not have looked into it at that time for sure because I would have I would have thought I don't have the time to I don't know what I'm looking for and I don't have the time to figure this out. So when he said it I think I was kind of just ready. And I trusted him and and yeah, yeah II the thought of seeing a trainer had crossed my mind prior to that as well. But even then it was like that's for the distant future when I have time to figure things out and fit in because life is so busy. Yeah. I mean I homeschool my kids. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well I was going to ask what's what did you have to change in your schedule? What's like the biggest thing that needed to shift for for you to like? Carve out the time like we've talked about this before where it's not like you had a you know, 3ish hours a week to invest in training and then two hours of commuting time, right? Yeah. It's going to first session that so essentially you didn't have like 9 to 10 hours just like sitting there. Yeah Gathering dust know I know right I said like I didn't have time for this I made time for it. Yeah. Well, I mean we fit in. Honestly, it wasn't hard. I didn't find it hard. We looked at our week. We had like our kids weren't in activities yet. And we I talked without telling them why I talked to my two older kids about not doing a particular activity that they had done before and to try to gauge how onboard they would be with making that sacrifice or just kind of giving that up for now and without them knowing why because I didn't Them to feel pressured and they were totally fine with it. And I was like, okay that frees up some space and draw. I mean we don't live in the city, right? So that's another thing like just trying to limit. How many times were you I would be having to drive into the city. Yeah, totally. Yeah, so that was part of it like kids activities were cut and And other than that it was just time at home, but don't tell him that I otherwise would have been at home and I'm at home a lot and I'm with my kids a lot. So I didn't feel like I was really taking away much from them my because we are together a lot. So yeah, because I think my me we alternate two or three times a week usually getting together. So yeah, and it's it is Like a three-hour thing to get there via the gym and get back and you know, it's funny because at first I saw the drive is kind of a burden but then I quickly realized how therapeutic that was and what a huge part of the the process it's been as well because it's been so great. I'm an introvert and I thrive on time by myself. That's how I process all the things like and just kind of gain perspective on my own life and as a mother and as an individual and it's so I love that. It gives me time and space to just get to the gym and I have kind of shed all the stuff from home like ready to go show up and I'm just me ready to do the thing and I can tune out my everything else and I my mind really just goes right to whatever we're doing. Yeah, I love that. So it's yeah, the drive has actually been a big part of it. Yeah. What's your favorite exercise video? Hmm because there's one that you're like a total badass at doing that's funny. I hadn't thought of that one. Okay. So my favorite one that feels really good while I'm doing it our rag dolls. Yes that count the exercise, huh? Yeah, okay, but I think so for those that don't know rag doll is like a low back mobilization type thing to like hit all the different corners of your of your spine, especially inflection. And Jenna likes it. Yeah, I think my favorite one. The first one that comes to mind without thinking too much that makes it doesn't feel good while I'm doing it but it feels really good after our the tabletop plank. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, like I just it's so challenging but afterwards it feels like I'm my body's giving me a standing ovation totally and it like thrives on it. It's really interesting. There's been times where you've been somewhat Yeah, and that type of bag depending on what you're experiencing but it's like a high percentage shot that like doing that type of work up regulates the right stuff for you. Yeah, it's really cool. My favorite one that I let in case because you're about to ask me what my favorite yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's perfect is Sissy squats, which is like people commonly only ever do Them support it like holding on to a bar or a wall. Okay, I don't think I knew that I know but this is why when I tell you you're good at it and you're like, I don't know. I'm like no like you're legit like awesome at it. Seriously no comment. So but yeah, so for those that don't know you're balancing your bouncing on your on your toes or on your forefoot, and then you essentially Without folding at the hips you start lowering yourself down at like at the knee and at the ankle so the knees shoot forward past your toes by a lot and you essentially keep your trunk nice and straight by like engaging your glutes engaging your core and and keeping like a nice rigid torso as you like it almost looks like you're ascending I think we've said that like ascending like the Matrix. Yeah. Yeah. It looks like a matrix Type move as you're like Lower yourself down onto your feet and most people can't get past like 90 degrees at their knee, which is not that low. Whereas you get to the point where like your butt's touching your heel now, we're working on getting back up. I can get back up just not keeping. Yeah, but it's just like and and when you think of how many things are going on in there in terms of like the trunk demands like the the core the abdominal demands the demands on your quads your knees the body awareness requirements to like keep all of that stuff still and you've got such a small base of support which is inherently threatening for a lot of people and you just rock it and and float down like Nemo which is pretty badass. Like I like watching you do that one that one I have like a tremendous amount of pride no bullshit. Can you do it I watched do that and like that is like so awesome because I can count on one hand the amount of clients that I've actually felt comfortable progressing them with that drill in the time that I've been doing this work. There's also other reasons like for some people it just it's not logical further for their goals, but for you based off of your goals and like what you value and the type of stuff that like just is is really fun for you. I don't know what just happened, right? Yeah, it's just like you rock it. So it's just super-fun the inching the all those ones that involve are like everything. It's like my whole body is a part of it and lots of focus. Yes. Those are seem to be the ones that I really I seem to really like them. That's the super mindful ones, right? Yeah. Yeah cool. So we're gonna we're gonna wrap this up. I do want to just touch on We talked a lot about your your past. I want to talk about how you are. Now. How does your body feel now for the most part? I don't I don't really feel any pain for the most part. Yeah ever. I mean I get sore. Yeah post workout stuff. Yeah, especially two days later. Yeah. Yeah, but other than that, I in general don't feel any pain every now and then I'll feel a little something. Probably most likely a my neck or my lower back neck usually happens when I wake up in the morning. Like if I've kind of slept funny, right and every now and then I feel it in my lower back. Just some just more like more than zero, you know, like somewhere maybe I think recently went up to maybe like a three if I had to give qualified or quantify it, but the difference between now and before is that don't I mean even through the difference between now and even through the fall, I don't really give it much thought because I don't it doesn't make me feel afraid. I don't have that same fear that I'm regressing. Yeah, or it's like a new permanent. This is my new normal, you know, but I find it. I find it kind of funny how Easily easy it is to feel like to forget though. Like if I do feel some some pain or some soreness. I'll like it. I can't remember what it's like to not feel to be without pain. But then once the pain is gone again, I'm like, oh, yeah. This is what it's like because it's still it's still novel. You know, it's still it's still kind of new even though it's been a few months now, it's I still notice when I don't feel any pain and I just like I'm just in my body. Yeah. Just yeah. Yeah, I don't feel anything. Yeah, what is wrong? It's just I mean that was a long time that I had pain and I mean even though I didn't really notice it all the time. is always there yeah yeah so last question for you how do you relate to pain now how do you understand it and how is that different than before I'm trying to think before I think I don't know what I thought before I didn't really give it much thought I'll all the way I can say that my the understanding I had of myofascial myofascial pain was that my eye in this I don't know if this is correct but what I understood was my brain is interpreting that there's pain even though they're nothing is causing it there's no cause for pain but I am feeling I mean, which is interesting because I don't think I was too far off for what I was actually experiencing right pretty close. Yeah. So it was when you sent me that video from dr. Laura Mosley just growing in my understanding of how pain is protective and you talk about that all the time as well sometimes all the time and how pain is there to keep you safe and it's it's yeah a protective thing and it even like coming to a place where I could like. Thank my body for doing that and just right and then being like but we're good. Yeah, and you can Qui good like you did you just so you know, we don't need this. Yeah. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, but that's gangster. So now I feel like I having a better understanding of what pain is I it doesn't make me afraid and I No, and I can I can tell myself I'm not injured. I did not injure myself totally was no need to worry. Yeah, or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass hmm at some point and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool that moving your body and kind of strategic ways kind of unlocks that connection that's missing right? Oh is it? Does dr. Perry Nicholson say you're stuck in that within the parameters of your blind spots. Yeah, so I've never heard that. I know Ram Dass quote where he says you can't escape the prison that you don't know you're in. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I like that one a lot just because it I'm like a geek for philosophy and psychology and all things pertaining to like how our own like our view of the world is just our view. It's not the real. it's ours and so we have ways that we perceive the world and it can be a prison sometimes depending on your model of the world you know right yeah cool ha ha ha well we're gonna call it there thank you so much for coming on the show Jen I really appreciate it thank you for having me you're welcome and so for if anyone wants to learn a little bit more about the kind of work that I do I'm going to be including the links to the Facebook group as well as or my Facebook page part of me as well as my Instagram in the in the show notes and Jenna mentioned a talk given by Professor Lorimer Moseley which is an incredibly powerful reframing opportunity for all human beings to just learn more about how the human organism works and in particular how the pain response is created so I'll definitely link that there and on that note my friends we're going to call it there for this evening thank you so much for your time and your attention live your best life and I'll talk to you all next time bye for now hey everybody thank you so much for listening and if this content is providing value to you you please go to iTunes go to Google podcasts and leave us a review that helps us grow this community in a really big way and it also helps us bring on people that you want to hear from in the future once again guys thanks again so much for listening and until next time my friends live your best life bye for now