Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think inIn the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to record and edit and distribute your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify AB a podcast Google Play and many of the other platforms where you listen to Florida basketball our in addition, you'll have the opportunity to make money on your podcast. Is no minimum listenership requirements, which means that regardless of how many people are listening. All you have to do is set up your podcast. Listen anchor will provide you opportunities to make money. It's literally everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you enjoy Florida basketball our or do you think you want to start a podcast of your own download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started that's anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball are and you know Blackman Saturday down south with the Eric faucet Gator Country.com. We're going to talk about two games a loss at Tennessee Tennessee team. That's a tree farms has playing pretty well, maybe because they got a lot of confidence by beating Florida who had been playing really well and then we'll talk about tonight's big win and Athens on the back end. We just like to go chronologically. The for to Tennessee game and the Florida Georgia game have some similarities though Eric in that this trend of Florida starting game slow has continued and and quite honestly is a little concerning ahead of like one game Seasons. Yeah. It's just it's very concerning because Florida has shown that they can play from behind this year. Whether it's where they have a are stuck 13 early like they were against Georgia or obviously they play from behind for some you know the first Georgia game and and some other big comebacks but I mean you've just got to think that sometimes those efforts aren't going to be enough and obviously against against NAC ultimately. They just weren't able to I know it's more the second half comeback not not as much that that opening low, but that obviously played a big role. You just wonder when you're playing in postseason, like how many of those efforts can you really have? And are they are you going to be able to still keep that magic going or you gonna have some of those run out? So especially to see Like like Tennessee is playing good basketball right now, Georgia, maybe not as much and that's that's you know, two games that Florida started slow. But yeah, I know we're talking Tennessee it first. But yeah, what were your kind of thoughts on how they started slowing that one? Well I have let's stick to the first half because I have a thought about the comeback which takes a little luster off of it and I want to talk about that because I think it's interesting, but you know, I thought at that I was a little confused by timeout usage and a little confused by what Florida was trying to accomplishments accomplishment right Neal what photo was trying to accomplish with their plan. Like what was their plan to attack Tennessee defensively especially to three days after a white has a press conference where he talks about Tennessee's ball pressure and their ability to extend offenses and then it looked like Ford had never seen it before. So let's start with that. Yeah, it's true. I thought that they had big problems and I think that obviously Florida just had some really good offensive performances the last couple of games but a lot of it was just like Kiante Johnson getting by anyone anytime you wanted and that will obviously make any offense. You run look a lot better. Then you go to the Tennessee game where you know, he's pawns one of the few players in the country that has the athleticism and the strength to stay with gonna take Johnson. You know, he just sat on his right hand and didn't allow him to get Just like easy straight line drives that he's gotten in the another games and Josiah Jordan James. He did he did well to do that at times too. And I just feel like they weren't really getting counted Johnson off some of those curls and some of those some of those attacks that way it was just a little bit of like, you know, the ball would get gets swung to him and in these last couple of games are Florida's offenses looked really good, you know, Kiante Johnson is just, you know, you just get the ball swung to him and he would drive by a guy, but that's that wasn't the case against Tennessee that I just thought Tennessee was. Really prepared for Florida. Tennessee is another team that I think they're staffed is a really really good job of preparation the air and analytically Savia coaching staff. I'm aware of that and had some conversations with that with some people around there. So and I would say that just the way that they defended Florida. I thought just showed a team that was does very prepared for what Florida was trying to do. Yeah. I thought it was with the notable exception that carry blacks. You're pretty much got whatever he wanted. And and it was it was frustrating to see Carrie in foul trouble because when you look at his line, I was actually his second most efficient performance of the season from just an offensive rating standpoint, you know, he did come up a rebound short of the Double-Double but, you know can't get the four fouls like Florida needed him on the floor. yeah, I mean if you just see with with any data with any eye test Florida as a better team that's on the floor as much as you know, I've got trouble with his with his defense and and I did think that he defend defended fairly poorly against Tennessee and especially in that first half his offense when he brings the offensive side is valuable enough that side are Florida is much better with them on the floor II mean I've been someone who throat carried black shears foul trouble to season I really haven't been Like someone truly say that he's gotten a tough whistle II actually think a lot of the fallacies. He picks up our are his fault and he just you know, legitimate files. He's getting called for I'll man that I do think it is my tie against Tennessee. I think that that might have been the worst the worst. I felt about the whistle. He got ya had any thoughts about it, but but that was tough because you know, he is going to pick up some fouls that are him being a step slow or a little bit off-balance trying to protect the rim like he is going to have those fouls so it He gets some of those cheap ones that he got against Tennessee. I yeah, he's gonna get sent to the bench and Portia that that hers. Was it the Arkansas game or he had like four offensive house? Yeah, so I thought that I thought those whistles were harder than the Tennessee ones at least two or three of them, but but yeah, I mean I'm with you there was there was one call on him. I don't know. Was it the second foul where he was like purely vertical and just played really good defense and they called him. Was wild how I don't know. I thought that the officiating in the for to Tennessee game was a little uneven but you know, I say that and it was only 18 to 15 in the foul despaired. Yeah, I guess just like when you see that that Tennessee is playing that like Flex offense where I John Fulkerson is just like playing Right Guard and just clear the guys out to get those cross screens for Four pawns and James. I just to see some of those things go and then gets kind of some of the rebounding fouls on Florida like it was one of those things where I just think the style of Play De Tennessee played would not be conducive to the foul count being even equal like yeah, like Florida style of play is just not such that they are going to pick up many fouls and and Tennessee is one of those teams that which is like honestly I style of play that I think there might be something to it and I've talked to a couple of coaches not a floor. Other programs about it that like there really might be something to just like committing 50,000 game knowing that the refs just simply won't call them all and not a know like it's probably not a positive way to look at basketball, but I see a game like that against Tennessee and you see that the fouls ended up pretty even anyways, you're just like man, why not be more aggressive and and do that because II did think there's a cup whistle which is like not something we normally get in too deep too deep on the podcast. But yeah, he's usually much better things to talk about but But yeah, I mean hey in a tight game where it's a couple of possessions, I really think it could have swung differently if the whistle is different. Yeah, come mow minutes for Blackshear Nim Hardware 57. So they are under 30 combined on average that hadn't happened much the season that was only the third time that that had happened and name hard and Johnson score 8 collected points as the first time that collectively they were under double figures they were at Against Florida State, so we're sorry not Florida State. They they were 10 against Utah State but still Florida, you know probably doesn't function quite as well. Not even probably Eric when Mr. Dan Johnson or bottled up. Did you think that was kind of the Tennessee Scout? Like let's make carry Blackshear and and know a lot who sort of came out of his Funk beat us. Oh, absolutely, and I definitely think the way that they played Scotty Lewis was saying like, hey, let's let Scotty Lewis try to beat us just with the way that they kind of we're letting him drive the ball and when he did try to you to use a ball screen and endow a lock to who was able to to make some good plays off of it. I just thought that they were just definitely willing to let those guys kind of be the decision makers and they did not want them heart doing it, right Kerry Blackshear. Obviously, he was able to finish really But I actually thought that he was almost one of like I really think this might have been the most impressive offensive game for blacks here just because I actually thought the Tennessee guarded a lot of Florida's actions to get post-ups for Blackshear super super well and it like so it wasn't just like hey, let's design this this post for Blackshear. They dumped it inside he post up and gets a bucket and a lot of those actions were kind of denied and it was honestly like a little bit more in the flow of things. And for that reason I thought it was really impressive. But yeah, no, I really do think that the Why the Scout was let's try to take away carry Blackshear. They you know, we're really able to do that a ton but it was it was all so let's take Wayne em hard and let's take away Johnson. Especially Johnson's kind of right hand where they really sat on it and they were able to obviously slow down Johnson in Denmark. Yeah. I thought the second half which we can go to carry did a good job of getting to the elbow and initiating offense from there which, you know something that we talked about at length in the summer. He's affected doing it's not just a post-up player. So Florida had some good actions for that. The one thing that surprised me and I wanted to kind of get your take on this and I really thought about it. for far too long to think about a basketball concept on a plane ride back from Los Angeles, but I would have maybe gone with tree man. I imagine it was about defense but tree man played 19 minutes. Scotty was played 38. Like I would have wanted a little more balance there just because Trey was so good at getting to the rim and there's one of the areas where I thought Val disparity was kind of weird because you mentioned all the clear outside Fulkerson had were like they get your side Jordan James downhill and it seemed like he got a favorable whistle a couple times shoots four free throws Trey man, shoot 0 and had three finishes at The Rim through contact Yeah, he had a couple of those where I especially I mean the one who finished where yeah. Yeah. I just thought he got raped and die. I definitely would have definitely thought that tree man should have been on the floor more and again, I just look at I just like it a lot of the lineup data with Scotty losses on or off numbers. I use also just what I see in the eye test and I just I just don't see him as someone who should be on the floor for 38 minutes. I just especially where yeah, where he was. He was getting dared to shoot and he just wouldn't take threes and I understand that because he has been a streaky shooter and and that just really didn't tell Florida's offense at times and and while I think he is a good Defender and I thought he actually did defend quite well against against Tennessee better than better than he normally does but I don't think it's just at the point where you definitely need to sacrifice like there's definitely just stretches where Florida's lack of ability to generate offense was was was there a doing and a big reason why they lost it and I just think that having having another ball handler there to to get things moving when it got forced out of them Hearts hands, which yeah, it was. I really think it would have worked. So and again, I thought just meant did play positively when he was in there. And yeah that just that definitely would have been a change that I would have liked to see I just don't yeah. I just there's no data that I look at or I guess, you know, my my I test as well that would suggest Is that Scotty Lewis is someone he needs to be in the 38th minute range. The only reason that I would say maybe he should be a game where maybe County Johnson is that with foul trouble. But I mean, I think you got a Jackson played like 40 minutes or 38 or 39 as well. So it was it was a lot of those guys together and I do think like you said it was probably especially defending against that Flex offense that Tennessee runs where they're gonna generate a lot of switches likely you do want your some of your bigger wings like lose some Johnson on the floor times, but again, there was just time for The offense was getting bogged down and I would have loved to have man out there more. Yeah, I was a little bothered by I guess. I guess I've kind of hit on a bunch of things and bothered me. But yeah, I mean the start rotations felt like man really jump started the offense in the second half would have liked to see him and now he played a lot more in the second half but I would have liked to see him earlier. I thought timeout usage would have been good at specially when they knew that that pressure defense was coming so I didn't think the best day for the staff to be quite honest. I But the for defended pretty well maybe as well as they have on the road all year which you know, that's pretty encouraging despite the fact that you know, John Fulkerson had a Blinder and sometimes that happens that what can you do and you know what Eric? I think here's my hot take a rare fbh attic. I think Florida wins the game if Fulkerson doesn't make a his first career three with two guys in his grill fading away. A from the basket like I felt like Florida had kind of seize control. Oh, I'd agree with that. I think the post the huge I don't it's a turning point, but it was definitely like like three points in that scenario in Florida is rolling. That's that's huge. And yeah, I definitely think Lord who wins if that shot doesn't fall. I I'm not even and I mean, I'm not even like hugely but like always such like a backbreaker like shot in the heart 3 which like, you know, it was to an extent when someone like that heaves up, Grand Falls, but I mean just three points at that Junction of the game was was huge and I do have to point this out when you were talking just about some of the the coaching decisions. I will have to say I would in all of in all of conference play when I've been tracking this this one is the most this Tennessee game, which I do know they lost was the most Savvy the staff has been in terms of playing lineups that are good. Like as you know on the podcast, I've been no pointing out where Florida has been on a bad stretch and it's been a lot of times because lineups have been quite poor going through the lineups for this one. They actually miss with this was the most sound I would say analyzing the data that was user the line of data that was used. This was the most Savvy that the staff has been and which was also impressive considering the fact that Omar khayyam didn't play because a lot of the best lineups use him and they were still able to use some some positive line up so, you know, obviously Still awesome that shows that you know, it's playing good lineups isn't isn't everything. But I also do have to point out that that was something positive. I thought the the staff did and even though you know, there are some other things that like you I wasn't super happy about I did think that them sticking to some of their better lineups was that was that was a positive. Yeah there it seems like they're more comfortable with dropping the pick-and-roll coverage and stationary kind of stationary defense from Jason to toe Bilal ajanaku. I knew right now right and like there that's a different variety of rim protector like the with the wide body. Although, you know, Jason's a little more Nimble than I thought. He was to be quite honest. I don't know if any lost the weight. But yeah, but I feel like there's something to that Eric and that's that's a big reason for the pain minutes drop off because pain is been as we've talked about it at length. Like it's just not figured it out on pick and roll defense yet. Yeah, so I'm glad you brought this up. This isn't up yet. Obviously get our country. It's I've been working on it for quite a long time. It is taking some Goods. It's a lot of hours. But what I what I did for ad for an article, that's probably going to be up Friday because I still have so much work to do and I've got it in put the Georgia game data, but I've started to try went through and I tracked every pick-and-roll that Florida has defended this year and charted how they defended it and started how each Florida big man has played against it and And while this is spoiling a little bit of the the good stuff, but I hope you read the article when it's up. Anyways, I was very surprised at how well jacobo has defended when hedging because there's definitely some plays where like, I see it very vividly in my mind where he had to hard hedge and Florida's defense just got cut up because of it and there are a couple plays like that but those probably stuck in my head a little bit too strong because really jatoba is actually defended in the pick and roll. Really really well and the numbers back that up and it surprised me a little bit. But again when I go back and watch every possession that every pick-and-roll Florida's defended which is like, you know about 400 in case you're wondering ju-just hobos. Actually, he's looks really good and Omar penis had some wonderful moments, but he adds that some some poor moment. So going to your point about how those different guys have defendant. I will have an article up on likely Friday for you to read about that pump to have I'm pumped to see it. Is going to be excellent. This is big it like I'm actually really excited for this wondered out. So yeah, I mean an L for Florida people are mad again proteins and what a lot of games, you know, it's frustrating his Forte played really well and it's even more frustrating because of things and how kind of things broke out in the league tonight because had they been able to snag that win the 2 seed would be locked up before Kentucky coming to town. You know, that'd be really nice to be 20 and 10 with Kentucky coming in really just playing for seeding. And now we're just playing for SEC tournament seedings. I think they're probably pretty comfortable with their position in the field borrowing like a quarterfinal loss in Nashville, and then maybe things get dicey. Like maybe I don't know but I feel like they're going to make the NCAA tournament after tonight's weigh-in and Athens. A good performance in the second half did you what were your thoughts on the first half? Sorry, we're moving on to Georgia here. Then. Yeah, we're moving on to Georgia unless you had anything to say else. I was I was I was trying to load up some data while you're making that transition I wasn't listening. Well, no. No, you're good. I was just talking about the frustrations of the seating situation. And yeah, and and so now like I feel like the teams in the NCAA tournament Eric, I just don't know, you know, I think for to still sort of play for seating, but they're also importantly playing for their seating in Nashville. Yes, but yes, so moving on to the moving on to Georgia a game. That's certainly it was a loss that would have really changed the out that perception of what sets the only truly hope so it's good. They got the win. But yeah in the first half, I mean you've got to probably start with Georgia making seven other shots to start the game, which is something that's I'm interested you in your thoughts because it was actually kind of interesting where it was a mix of there was a couple plays where I thought Florida defended very poorly. Most notably. There was one where the All got passed to to the wink and your name heart had a really really bad clothes out and then Noah lock was in help side position but had zero interest in contesting the shot and they gave up a lamp because of it. So that was like, you know that was on them hard for a bad close out, but it was also on on to me either, you know know a lock means very little effort despite being in a good position made very little effort. So that was one where I was like I was you know, that was that was a poorly played defensive possession by any way you want to look at it. But there was also some some jump shots that Georgia is making where I was like, you know what these are not going to keep falling and you know, ultimately Georgia's offense did come down to come down to earth and that's why Georgia loss and Florida's defense ended up looking pretty good. But yeah, I think you've got to start with that those first seven shots that Georgia made so I'm interested if you have any any opinions on the way, Florida was defending or anything related to that that quick run by Georgia. Yeah. Well look to things. Yeah, I thought, Florida Again, second detective game. I didn't like the way that they came out energy-wise on the road. I thought it was even more problematic Tonight Eric because and we've seen this with young teams that John Calipari has brought to Gainesville. So I don't think it's Unique to Florida's culture, but senior senior night games, right? There's a level of of emotion on the other sideline and in, Georgia, Is case three seniors plus Anthony Edwards all playing their last game in Athens, you know kind of a I expected Georgia to be inspired and they're playing their rival. So the building is more full. You know, I just thought his energy was not good. Yeah, it wasn't it. I also didn't like what Florida was doing offensively to start the game and that certainly didn't help their energy and that was gone for out in one in and trying to pound the ball into Blackshear every possession. I just think that that was like there was just times are Florida was moving the ball around the perimeter. And Georgia was very content to let them do it, but it was all just looking for the end goal of getting into black sure and there's even a couple moments where you know, you can like you're just you know, you teach basketball players to do you ball gets swung they catch it. They give a little pump fake and there was times where Georgia was just flying at NOAA lock at a pump fake because they respect the jump shot and he just wasn't looking to drive off it because that wasn't you know that it's not a strength of his and they also presumably he knew that he was the hugest try to get the ball inside a black shared. Same thing is as Scotty Lewis, the ball gets one day and he pump-faked guys would fly out and two hands in the air both feet off the ground and he would be not really looking to drive and I thought that that was why Florida just gotten some late clock situations early and also I just didn't look great and I just, you know, I understand wanting to establish Blackshear, but I just thought that yeah, I just thought doing it over and over and over again when it wasn't working and When Georgia scoring on the other side, it just it wasn't a style of play that I really felt energized the Gators. I mean, it's one thing if you're you're getting the ball moving guys are cutting off the ball getting active that way but this is you know, four guys four spots in the bar. I'm trying to jam inside and ultimately it didn't work. Yeah, no, um, you know, I agree agree with agree with all that thought. It definitely got a little better Florida kind of clothes that have strong for the most part gets it to 3028 and then a little sluggish to start the second half. But you know, let's back up before what did you think of Florida shot selection offensively to I mean, I didn't think it was great, even though they even had a couple that they had it. Belong to S fall off the dribble and I didn't didn't love that. I mean County he was back to County Johnson form and getting good shots at The Rim but I also did think Florida got some good looks at three. That's yeah that didn't fall. So right I would say that generally shot selection wasn't great. But at the same time well, sorry, I'll back it up. They did have some poor shot selection, but at the same time A lot of it was at the end of clock and I just think at that point I'm there's a bit like shots that are bad shots, but when I when I do, too Talk bad shot selection. It's usually like hey, here's a bad shot with 15 seconds on the shot clock. So yeah, I'll do something better where this was like bad shots, but they were at the end of the clock doodle possession all working. So I kind of classified differently. So as you should so statistically. Yeah, I mean statistically you want to get a shot up, right? So so I will say I'll say that I thought the shot quality was not great. I won't say the shot selections was bad if that makes sense. Well, I think that I think that's pretty fair and again, you know, You're way better off offensively with with Well - it's such a wholesale statement because super bad shot can lead to like a run out. But at the end of a shot clock traditionally your better getting a shot up then the dead-ball shot clock violation. Like at least you give yourself a chance to get an offensive rebound and make a basket but it's pretty obvious. So the advantages of that at least within reason You know Eric the second half for the Gators, you know, they did start making shots though. They start o 11 from three they end up 7 of 23, which means seven of the last twelve went. Well. Let's say I mean, you gotta start let's look at another coaching adjustment that Florida made that I thought was really impressive with and this is after we talked about how Florida just doesn't didn't run any place for Noah lock over the yeah the bar. Well, and then you see I see tonight where they run that flare screen and that's beautiful gets into threes. And then they run a floppy set. That was just like beautifully read by by Noah lock to run off the screen wonderful screen by Kiante Johnson who had hunted his man perfect screen perfect pass. I think it was from them heart wide open three from from Lahore. So I think that was a great adjustment because I mean I was something I yeah not a big fan of was that Florida didn't have sex to free up Noah lock and hey look against Georgia. They run three sets. Really really really well to get a shooter that in the first half Georgia was totally taken out of the game to get to get him wide open on three looks and that was that was really impressive. So I definite props to the coaching staff for it for drawing those up and definitely execution big props to the team for execution because especially that one like floppy set working on say you're sorry. We're no a lock starts under the rim and he can either run off the double screen on one side or the single Suite on the the other and he went. Yeah single screen. I was gonna say Johnson Gotti Johnson headhunted is man perfectly on the screen. It was just beautiful. So I definitely at I definitely props there. Yeah, it has excellent excellent points and I'm glad you brought up the the actions for know a lock more proof that obviously the staffs locked in the Florida basketball our but yeah the defense in the second half to you know, the whole Georgia to to 24 points one of their lowest production halves of the Season bottom five production half ask for Georgia on the season and more impressive the I thought was 11 turnovers forced. Yeah, and what made him prescient to me as well? I mean well one, I mean there's a chance that someone listening to this was actually at the game because there seemed to be a lot of Florida fans that were at the game. So hey if you were there and yeah in Georgia and shout out to you you guys were loud. But hey, like for most of us watching on television, I did think one thing that was interesting on the on the broadcast was them talking about how how coach crean and his team were really really focused on how they were going to attack Florida's 3-2 Zone because Obviously that's what allowed Florida to get back in the game in the first matchup and then Florida played that 3-2 Zone and it was just it had great effect and just knowing that Georgia had really prepared for and it still worked for Florida was like, you know extra satisfying right? But I mean that was a change that that really worked and forced some just like wild turnover is like some some particularly bad ones which show just like how out of sorts they were against Florida Zone. Yeah. No, they they were they were definitely a mess and To get away anytime you can turn somebody over 11 times and 1/2 that's going to be a good recipe for success. But still, you know a 4645 game. At the underrate media timeout with George and the lead and then them are going to the free-throw line coming back from the under media timeout and they Martin makes both the free throws and then the Gators get three from lock on the flare screen a turnover and then a free three from lock on the floppy and then a really nice play on an inbound pass that I also thought was a good scout by the staff. Yeah, they were they were locked in on both sides when it gains a baseline that out of bounds like I mean, no or sorry. You got to Johnson had that one steel defending of Baseline out of bounds. That was super impressive. But yeah offensively Florida was getting getting a lot of good looks they have that one said they run it probably more than anything. I haven't actually like looked but hey, that'll be an offseason article. That's where it's like usually they start kind of for flat and then Chianti Johnson. Usually he's kind of flares to the free-throw line. He gets the pass and then it's the quick seal post up for blacks here. They ran that to great effect. And then they also have another another Baseline out of bounds that turns into a quick dribble handoff into a ball screen and that it wasn't like the first pass kind of like what you think of the typically when you think of scoring off a baseline out of bounds, but it got a got switches and some favorable matchups or Florida the worked and that was just something that that was that was definitely really effective in getting Florida some open looks Especially it's a key moments like the play that that you were describing. Yeah, I thought it was obviously pretty impressive impressive to get that run and then I thought it was interesting that that Florida makes the run and you know, Tom cream doesn't use a timeout like he waits on the media timeout. Yeah, which was I turned out to be pretty long between media. It's on though. It's in a in this one. They ran for quite a while with like a ton of Subs of the bench. But yeah, I mean people know that people use on timeout. So anytime an opposing coach is going to let Florida going to run like that when he's got time outs in the day. I mean, I'll definitely take it and it was good to kind of Florida could play could play through some of that glad that momentum build, especially on the road and to be able to push even they had some Questions and transition which like didn't didn't result necessarily and you know easy buckets are layouts, but I just thought like Health get into their offense a little bit earlier just kind of helped their help their Rhythm and I think that a lot of that came from, you know, the momentum they're getting on the defensive side obviously getting steals in the in the 3-2 Zone helps you helps you run out. But yeah, I mean, it's just interesting. They like it definitely didn't feel like a 14-point game just because it was tied up to that under eight time out. But yeah, Florida just caught that. That that wave right at the end and took it all the way to the top. Yeah, they did and like I said if people know my thoughts on Tom crean, so it's a bold strategy to not take a timeout in a home game when the game goes from you ahead by 1/2 you down by nine and Two minutes and 50 seconds, but you know you do you Tom crean and you almost got bailed out because of the worst flagrant one call. I've seen all season. Yeah, that was horrible. Like players get it under its you're so interesting to you because we have to talk on this podcast like twice last year where Cabarrus Hayes got undercut aggressively and yeah, just common fouls and they never even reviewed it for flagrant fouls because it just like didn't seem to be in there the rest of mind that undercutting someone is extremely dangerous when they're in the air so I certainly understand the severity of why someone getting undercut is dangerous, and I absolutely think that undercuts should well not always be I agree, but I definitely think they should always get reviewed. But I mean that pass was so poor and that's the only reason why there was contact like that wasn't dirty by John say Johnson into slightest. It was just that past was so bad so far behind buying the Georgia player, who was that he had to lean back in the air and then just like the slightest contact was obviously made for a bad fall and it was a bad fall and but it was just all about the fact that I was an uncatchable passageway behind him and I just don't fall County Johnson whatsoever and that is coming from someone who who really hates undercut plays in basketball, but this was just not this was not a dirty play. This was not really an undercut. This was a bad bad pass that turned into a dangerous play and I think they should put the flagrant foul on the guy who threw the past not fiance Johnson. So yeah, it was gonna clearly be a turnover, you know, it's just absolutely atrocious and then savvier wheeler hit the three and all the sudden it was a five-point game, but then Scotty Louis maybe with his best play of the night just to tax close out and it makes a really good pass to can't say Johnson who buries a Triple. Yeah, Scotty Lewis was you know a little bit quiet but he did have that plan yet another you know that other Baseline attacking close out where he pumped on the one side of the rim and then brought it to the other had the reverse layup because he's got that length and that that athleticism and yeah, it was just kind of all coming together at the right time. Like when I would Florida really needed to have a little bit of a run they got up they didn't just have a little bit of a run. They had a big run and ended up with a big wedding, you know that really matters because that like, I know it does It talks about it time but like the net factors in these offensive and defensive efficiencies. And like well one thing to note was like, you know Florida's defense because of the way they played Georgia who's actually a pretty good offensive team like probably better than you think they got up to 54th and defense which is a huge jump and they also jumped like five spots and Ken Palms offensive adjusted offensive efficiency, which is not like the official net sorting tool but the net is something that's very similar. So so it's actually was really good that Florida had a big run and 1 Cup. Like that it matters that they won by 14 and not by one or two. So it all came together but I will say like whenever you get that kind of offense from from Scotty Louis generating it. It's a little bit like found money because I really don't view him as some right kind of pivotal to the to Florida's kind of regular scheme. Like if Florida's offense isn't working on a particular night. I'm not saying like well, that's you know, that's on Scotty Louis because he's someone who I just don't really feel like is one of their primary initiators or Creator, so He does catch the ball and make make great a great play like that. Yeah, it's just that it's a huge boost. No, no question. Let's see listener questions Eric or Coach's Corner which one you want to do first. Well, let's let's do listener question. And then then Coach's Corner I suppose. All right. So Chomp towns Gator ATL Gator wants to know where would you rank Tom crean among SEC coaches? Whew what? I would say I would say he's a probably like lower middle of the pack for me. Yeah, although I mean it's a little bit it's a little bit tough to say just because I still feel like I'm not entirely sure what I think of his job at Indiana like which is like funny because he was there for so long and I should have like a stronger opinion, but I don't know I'd like so I would say like, I don't know I was gonna say bottom of the like middle tier but at the same time I look at like the bottom tier and I think I might want so I'm actually going to say I'm actually going to say like lower. Yeah, I would say like the lower thirds of league and coaches, but I don't know. We'll see I but yeah, I'll say lower third. I like it. I like that. That's a good response that works for me. Who was a fun one? So we have t Town Gator which I assume is Tallahassee. I don't know T-Town Gator wants to know who is your SEC coach of the year. Well for me, I mean, I think it's got to be Buzz Williams. Like I just really thought the Texas A&M was going to be a disaster as as many people did and just the fact that they have stays relevant. They almost had a big win tonight against they did they beat Auburn they did have you okay, I was I had to start so I mean floor over his game ended. I quickly did my right up against our country. Then we started recording this podcast and at the time Texas A&M was just blowing the lead. So anyway, so big win for Texas A&M. Yeah. I mean, I honestly thought Like like I think that they're worse this year than Vanderbilt was last year. I like I honestly think their talent is worse and I do think that the league was tough much tougher last year and that's what contributes to Vanderbilt not winning a game but I just really don't love that Texas A&M team and just the fact that they are I mean if they won tonight, they're probably like six or seventh or eighth or somewhere in that range and I just think that's really impressive job. So I will say Buzz Williams. Okay. I like the job busted a lot. He would be my second place. Vote. I know Vanderbilt's 10 and 20 but their 340 first and luck Eric. So I kind of feel like Jerry Stackhouse has actually done a pretty good job too, especially since the Nesmith injury, you know, I like I wouldn't vote for him for SEC coach of the year. But since were shouting out Buzz for doing kind of far more with less, I think I think Jerry Stackhouse has done a nice job and I like like you I like some of the concepts they use especially on defense. I think those are going to make it easy to work. Route for me. It's John Calipari boring. Right but you know, I know they lost its in a see the other night kind of a crazy collapse. You never see them glow that big league at home. But you know, I just think that like when I saw that team in December. You know, I didn't I didn't know if that team is going to win 20 games. I'll be real honest. I thought they probably would get the 20 wins. Maybe you know last night on senior night against Tennessee. But like when I saw them play Utah and like Trail the whole game and lose I was like, I don't know how good that team is man, they can't score and now they become, you know, a pretty efficient offensive team. I think they're getting better defensively and I really don't think anybody wants to play the minions. A tournament so, you know kind of boring but keep in mind that Billy Donovan didn't win. You know, Billy Donovan didn't win an SEC Coach of the Year award until after he had won two national championships. So sometimes when you're an elite coach and it's just sort of established that you are you don't win coach of the year. Yeah, it's true and that is kind of like what's it's funny that people really Lookin Like coaching the air when really it's like people interpret it functionally as like what coach says the most With Elise and maybe not. That was what I just did with saying Buzz Williams, but I do think that that's a really good compelling argument for Buzz Williams though. Yeah, and I mean honestly, I would listen to an argument for for Bruce Pearl honestly, like seeing what aubert lost last year and to seeing didn't miss much of a lose much of a step. I would say that like there's a decent argument for him to probably you know, you can't lose the Texas A&M and potential Coach of the Year Buzz Williams. But yeah, I just I would have maybe before that list. What are you inferring for Bruce Pearl? But yeah, I went it'll be it'll be really interesting site. I think there's you know, a couple guys that voters could go with and it wouldn't be like wouldn't be shocking would be would be defensible. Yeah, I mean Auburn has lost four of six and you know, but some of that I think two of those losses were without I say kokoro so yeah, and I think you could actually make a pretty compelling argument for them as well. Those are really the only three that that I would Would include in that conversation. I always feel like Frank Martin like you. Get the most out of his team. I don't it's not like coach the it's I don't think he can win a coach of the year award Eric until like they don't do what they do. Every December though, if that's that is that unfair? I mean, I think it's the way that like as much as it's I don't know as much as it like maybe could be unfair. I think that you just seem like quite the history of the way teams. Sorry voters to vote and that is kind of established the guidelines of the way. The award should be interpreted and for that reason, I don't think it's unfair to say what yes Stetsons are steps. It's really bad man. Like you can't lose to Stetson not me unless that was really just setting up his case for you know, what you were saying about Kentucky being. Yeah. So poor in December, you know, that was Frank Martin saying like I'm gonna lose the Stetson then I'm going to be better and help my candidacy for Frozen here. That's a bull. It's a bold strategy. Let's see. What is it? Let's see what his contract is for for winning coach of the year. Maybe he gets maybe it's a big boost if he wins coach of the year and then let's see how it pays off for Sarah and Tampa wants to know she says two-parter one will a fourth consecutive trip to the NCAA tournament silence the hive I'll answer that one. No, did you have anything you wanted to add to that or are we good? Definitely? No and to Do you think for I can win the SEC tournament? It would be nice to win another tournament this season considering they've won one already Sarah with the early my quite defense like we haven't even lost in the second round yet Sarah. Yeah II mean II do think that saying that Florida should be in the NCAA tournament. Every year is not an unfair not like I did it. That's a very fair that like that should be the bar. Florida should make it every year. So for that reason, yeah getting in four straight. Years is probably not and I don't think it should be enough to be the sole defense of the coach. And I think that also there's got to be a in element of you know, if you get in his attend seed and you know, Florida as a ninth urinate that's that also plays a role. Maybe if Florida was a top 5 or top four seed those four years, I would be different but in terms of Florida winning the SEC tournament, I think absolutely they can win. Like I just really am not scared by any matchup and I don't want to sound like arrogance. Lord if and when I say that right not saying I'm not saying I'm going to favor Florida to win every match up but there's definitely just not a team where I say. Wow, Florida matches up with Kentucky. There's just no way they can win or a Florida matches up with whoever Florida is like like you just look at the you look at you know, Florida's for displaying the if Kentucky on Saturday and at home Florida is a four-point favor. So that's going to be on a neutral floor, you know, a fairly tight game as it should be you look at LSU. We know that Florida can beat them Auburn's next in the standings, you know that they can play them and and beat them. So so I just look at the top teams of the SEC and there's just no one that terrifies me. So for for that reason, I think Florida absolutely could win the SEC tournament and I am I would I pick them and when I fill my SEC tournament bracket, I'm not totally sure but it's it would not be shocked whatsoever in Florida wins. I don't think what do you think Nia it wouldn't at all surprised me for because this Florida team One it also wouldn't surprise me. They lost in the quarter-final like right. I almost think they won't lose in the quarter-final but then again like they could play Tennessee in the quarter-final and because Tennessee has Eve pawn and because I feel like what's the kid's name coats go vote. Oh Santiago. Moscovia. Yeah, like I just fan. Yeah, he could go off like, you know, he just looks like a dude that like could just drop 25 for like two straight days and Nashville and Tennessee could play in the SEC tournament final there's always that kind of story. So, you know in for Florida, you know, yeah, I mean, I guess it could be the Kiante Johnson show and and that would be things that would happen. By the way. I kind of like recording this what I do listener questions one advantage of it is that I get to see what's trending in Florida and right now my quite and cristianos are dripping in, Florida. So shout-out to Chris chiozza for murdering someone on live NBA television tonight. That was that was nice. That was a nice. That was a nice treat for 2 tonight to see on Twitter right before we right before we did the podcast. So there there Eric faucet. He left him in the cement. Tweetment was very good. And then we have my quite which is all it's always fun with my quite trans because like it goes from in this in this kind of game. It's like, you know, everybody loves Mike in the second half and Florida when Florida scoring points and running good sets near the Florida bench. Yeah. That's that was that was an interesting note that I know a bunch of people were they mentioned on the broadcasting on what happened against Tennessee to yeah, and I mean, I mean one thing I would I would obviously point out that I had long advocated for Florida to use timeouts in the first half more often and like that knowing that they seem to be a lot more comfortable getting information from the bench in the second half that would kind of got a point that out as well but oh there's a Davion Mitchell with the from Baylor with the retweet of my my Christian retreat so apparently he's a fan great but he got murdered by Chris chiozza when he was a freshman at Baylor fresh a freshman at Oliver I'm sorry yeah oh how things come around but yeah I don't remember it I was talking about now sorry but uh yeah we're just having fun this is a fun pod we're having a good time I searched I searched my quite on Twitter just to see that was a that was a mistake but oh yeah yeah definitely Florida Florida in the second half getting those information like is it is an interesting note they probably doesn't get talked about enough because I mean that matters especially like talking about like these neutral site games coming up in postseason play and for a team like floor That is going to be fairly Central. I'd like I would have to expect them to continue that that is going to matter. So that is something to kind of watch. I mean, I know someone tweeted it tweeted at us and said like, you know, what's the difference in offensive efficiency from first to second half II actually don't know how to get that number. So quite frankly. I tried to look and none of the sites that I use I can break that down. Maybe you can kneel or maybe like that but like that but it would be really interesting interesting to note because there definitely seems to be being elements of that Yes, I knew daddy. Wanted to know. Do you have an MBA comparison for Kiante Johnson? Either of you? He said I kind of think Gerald Henderson Raja Bell. Yeah, I right Roger Bells an interesting one. I probably see Bell is a little bit more of a shooter which I mean II know that Kiante Johnson has shot the ball if nothing is really well, but I but I do see that you know, a lot of his numbers are are from the corner which is which is totally great. But you know projecting to NBA range, you'd probably want to see him make shots. I'm above the brake a little bit more like but I mean I do see like You know, I see at the low end. I mean, I'm a Raptors fan. So I see rondae hollis-jefferson and I see someone who is like John say Johnson who can't but except rondae hollis-jefferson can't make shots at all. So I see the fact that you know rondae hollis-jefferson is someone playing minutes on on the Raptors right now really good team in the East and he doesn't even make shots II kind of see him in that type of mold. I do think he's like, I think you got a Johnson's offense game is really great. There's there's no question, but I just probably Just project like like for most players. If you're not a star when you get to the league, you're going to be more of a Defender. It's someone who hits open three. So yeah, that's that's probably a probably something like that. There's definitely probably better answers out there and off to think about that one. But yeah, I think we're going to see more and more guys like like you got to Johnson who can kind of make up for their lack of fight with just leaping ability and strength. Right? Right. I mean like Admiral Schofield had that linebacker frame, but I don't think that and I mean like I'm not gonna knock his athleticism. He's fine as an athlete. I just it's just not like working up days athleticism things. That's all. Yeah. I've really got to find a better comparison, but I've got to look at some NBA NBA wings and come up with a better one, but it's yeah, I've got to say like adds a little bit of a humble brag. I suppose I did have a have an NBA Scout reach out to me the other day and he was more wanting night. He did he didn't for once. I want to talk Scotty Louis, but the conversation did at one point very much swing to swing to Chianti Johnson and oh, I literally member in the conversation. I mean II would say like, this is PubMed, but I remember talking And saying how how PJ Tucker is used in Houston right now. I think that's a lot of Chianti Johnson like six foot five knocks down threes, except County Johnson can attack off the dribble more than a PJ Tucker. So that was something I used. But yeah, it was just interesting to see what what if a team had kind of really taking notes of what you want a Johnson could do and just one thing I was talking to him about was like when I see the NBA game, like I know people want to talk about like making shots is always the big thing, but I think it's all about making plays in space and that's her. Thing that we've seen from Kiante Johnson over and over and over again like yes against Tennessee Eve pawns was able to slow him down, but that's you know, one of the rare players in college basketball that has like like he's one of the guys pawns has that's going to step into the NBA and instantly be one of the best athletes so, you know saying that like, oh this guy in college stopped Jesse Johnson, that doesn't really bother me. So I just see the way that Kathy Johnson can make plays in space and yeah, I think he's going to be an NBA player and if it was like, you know, maybe a little bit of a hot take I would hi think he's gonna be the best NBA player of anyone on the the Gators roster it right now yeah he's pretty good so there's a Blog called old man basketball that I like a lot and he had tabbed deante Johnson is one of his five breakout stars and he updated the fry breakout stars at 20:20 and he obviously a Florida basketball our listener I think and and he he updated it and he he like box quotes himself and he says Kathy Johnson is an undersized power forward I actually think he could play small ball Center in the NBA He's listed at 6'5 but it's built like an NFL linebacker is vertical is also 42 inches even without that recording is explosion on tape it's not up for debate on offense I thought Johnson was a little limited my assumption was that he was a straight line driver with littlewiggle who would just jump stop all the time that is not true he is an The first step not an average one. You draw Styles at an elite clip Johnson does a good game play in the a blow. He also can beat his Defender and create distance with his shoulders and Broad chest and finish around the bucket is catch-and-shoot is much better than it was on film last year. I thought he was more of a ball mover on offense that is not true either. He's actually a better passer with movement. At least when I've watched him. I don't know if he has the upside of other returning upperclassmen or if he Max's doubt if it indeed a high roll roll player, but he is definitely going to play in the National Basketball Association. that's super well said I think he nailed nailed everything there and yeah I mean again you look at you get the Houston Rockets with like PJ Tucker at the 5 and then yeah hey why couldn't you have the Johnson playing the five like I don't think that'd be the best the best role for him but hey like if your team that's looking for looking to recreate the the Rockets kind of what they're doing with with line of sight and you're looking for the next like PJ Tucker like there's not a lot of guys out there that like there's some guys that have that physicality at that that size and but there's not a lot of fun You can make threes. Like Unity Johnson has with with the pretty good sample now, and he obviously Johnson also has a lot more athleticism than a lot of the like if you're looking for these like smaller guys that can like to be in the PJ Tucker bold that's you know, athleticism is usually not the not one of their traits but but Johnson brings that so yeah. I just I really do think he's going to be a pro in someone that that I'm gonna really enjoy watching the NBA. Yeah. It was interesting like how many hearts left out of their chests and Night when Kathy Johnson reference next year in the post game interview on it see network not see that. Oh, yeah, so he's like, you know, I'm trying to figure out how to become a better leader for the Freshman, you know, so that we can lead next year. I was like, yes. Yes, please lead next year. Oh, yeah. That's what I love to hear. I mean I want him to do what's best for him. Yeah, of course, but for sure and you know, obviously I do you think that that would be maybe coming out this year for sure and we'll see because I would almost be certain he's gonna test the waters and yeah he's got a Zen but yeah I mean that would have be super excited because I mean like man if he comes back like that that would be massive by the way he should test the waters because you're allowed to it would be ridiculous if he didn't that's in season he set so there's a there's another do what's best for you Kiante but he I'm sure he'll just the waters and his He has a great family and they'll make the right decision for him. I will close with Coach's Corner, which is something that I kind of noted off are to Eric before we started recording but last year we saw for to do it and they really played and kind of found their groove this way. But before it has really short in their bench, haven't they Eric? Yeah. I mean tonight you don't see you don't see no more pain at all. And then you see quite a lever for three minutes. I'm going to be honest. I don't know. Remember seeing Glover out there. Maybe it was like it just I just like didn't consciously realize it so obviously he didn't get get a huge role and yeah, that's something that that we haven't seen yet this season but definitely shows that the things are getting pretty serious here late in the season and and white starting to show who we we trust so I'm someone who does think generally that that depth is is overrated. Like I really do think that like having six or seven guys. Like you look at the teams that really do well in postseason play and in March Madness, it's not like wow. They're they're eight to twelve guys on the bench really outplayed the other teams 8 to 12. It's almost always what team's best five played better than the other team's best five and right figuring out who that is is huge and obviously don't want to get murdered when that five isn't together. But yeah, I would say I am someone who thinks that it's that depth probably is not as big of a deal as I think a lot of people make it out to be but yeah, I mean, I think we do kind of have Like do you have any thoughts or anything about about Omar payin kind of falling out of a falling out of the rotation these last couple games? Well, yeah, I mean, it's interesting. I don't I think some of it has to do with the growth of Jason. Jacobo. I think some of it has to do with the fact that you know, Dante's calf injury is healed and I think the staff has always valued Dante's physicality that Owen again. You know, I everybody probably thinks I don't like Omar pain and I think he's going to be fantastic, but Dante is so much better in pick and roll defense and you know, at least the way that Florida defends it right. So I think there's something to that. Yeah. I mean, I've obviously been someone has advocated for pain playing more. I will say I still think that their best offense like their best offensive Center outside of when carry blasters are of course is Omar pain out of a degree, but And I do think that you know, just again teaser to Friday's article. Yeah paint has been not as good at in pick and roll defense, but I will say I think that this was the first game like this this Georgia game tonight, then we're podcasting right after I do think this was the first time where I really wasn't ever thinking to myself man. I really wish pain was in the game just because I really do think that you tobo and and bass and played really well like some of the other games it wasn't like those guys were playing Super poorly, but they weren't playing well enough that I I was like like man, why are they why are these guys getting so much more run than pain? I will say I thought the jatoba played really well when he was in and Bassett played really well when he was in and for that reason it wasn't as you wasn't as noticeable to be like mad why is pay not in there? But you know, I still I look at the line of data from when Florida is playing some of the best basketball and involved pain. I think that what he adds is a as a shot blocker and I do think offensively I think he's the best screen setting big man Florida has obviously his work on the offensive glass. I still think he's the best the best offensive center of the back up centers of course, but yeah, it's just it is interesting to see that he that yeah, he hasn't been trusted as much but I think the point you make about pick and roll defense are probably a big part of it. Yeah. I mean I look I think it's interesting to me because as you approach tournament play a lot of teams do this a lot of elite teams will shorten their bench a lot of good teams will shorten their bench tournament teams do that. And and for did it last year had Success With It? But I also think Florida has the capability to do both which also makes them a dangerous team in the SEC tournament be honest because like if things are going okay in the quarter-final they can play Omar pain a little more they can play Jason to tobo a little more. So you're a little fresher for that game the next day which I think it's useful but I do think you know, we just saw tonight. Tennessee's playing Five Guys, 35 minutes or more. They have literally no bench more or less right there, buddy. You know their top bench player against the Gators played six minutes. So give you an idea what's going on there. And then so there's other teams that have it in much more Dire Straits, but four to six Bandits functionally become trained in and then it's whatever excuse me backup sitter is the flavor of the night. It was interesting. I mean Florida goes from having so few centers these last couple Seasons to having a bunch of the point where they all can get that many minutes. But yeah, I am still interested in postseason play if because the one thing is that no more pain is really the only player that offers Florida Rim protection. They just don't really get it from there there other guys other than Dante Bassett who protects the rim by taking charges right? I think is very important to note. But I just wonder if there's a point where if Florida You know isn't making shots and they just like need to get a spark by getting some offensive rebounds or if there's teams that are just getting downhill on the more and more that they need some some Rim protection or I mean to be honest. I think that I can't I might have to try to find some film to see a floor or to see if the pain has played any of the three-two Zone but I would think he might be better at it than some of the other the other big man because that's the one thing about the three-two zone is the hardest position like the players that are in the toughest position are the the two players that are usually the big men that are yeah playing the back the defense end, right? I would think that you know, Omar pain would be a little bit little bit more Fleet of foot than than maybe some of the other backup centers certainly has the length to to close out more than like a Dante Bassett does so, you know, maybe he plays well and that defense but who knows maybe played poorly in that defense in practice and that's why it is. Yeah. There's there's many reasons why it might not work, but I just I do wonder if it comes to a Time the postseason we're paying kind of comes back on the scene and has like a Five four five night where he just you know, gets five offensive rebounds and dunks them all back and and right three blocked shots and has two steals with his length. Like I just I kind of think that that might be coming but you know, who knows what it could be Saturday against against Kentucky. I mean we've talked about how it's a different type of Kentucky team right now that you know, they're a lot smaller than they usually are but he's a Montgomery has been played a little better. So they're starting to get kind of the duel big switch is very helpful. Nick Richardson other reason, I think that Very capable of winning the NCAA tournament, you know, I wish that they had a for their fans I would say if I were a Kentucky fan I would wish that they had a second score that they really could rely on. I know some people think it's Tyree snack. See I don't really trust his shot enough, you know, he's going to be a fantastic Pro I think but neither here nor there might be a good game for Omar pain to bus back on the scene and then Senior Day obviously carry Blackshear Maybe don't they Bassett. I know he's going to graduate with honors in May congrats Dante and be eligible to grad transfer if he wants if he doesn't I'm sure that the program would love to have him back on the team. Yeah, that's probably a discussion for for the postseason but great for you to point out that yeah, they graduate with honors. That's yeah, that's obviously something that deserves celebration. And I mean II know he probably won't be walking but you know, you got a gutter probably point out that Gorge. 'aqaq is going to graduate as well. Oh, yeah. All right. No, he won't be there but you know, I do think it's worth it acknowledging the you know his time with the program as well. So I definitely not like a typical kind of feeling senior night. I would say with for floor. But we're seeing your morning. I suppose or afternoon for that game. It's the early one in the early game 1 p.m. But yeah, it's still always interesting to see how teams kind of keeps going to respond to to the energy just like you were talking about with George on their senior night. So and it's always, you know whenever you play Kentucky at home, that's fun and whatever you play them. The last game of this is the regular season. That's that's fun, too. It will be we will have a show after it. Thank you all for listening and I hope you enjoyed this show as much as we did. See you later.