So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow you to record and edit yourCast to make it sound popping. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.Welcome back to heroin addicts. I'm not flying because I'm not allowed to fight to certain destinations. I have coronavirus so I will stay fly in spirit and I hopefully will not not not on Spirit. Not only very nice. I'm joined by my favorite and only badass dead eyes co host genome a young Jagger dick. I'm not putting out. AKA I'll plug your father Andrew with your mom watching I beg iPad. What does like a cock home with the wife like with the wife? Well, um, I've seen the term at this is called sissy something sit sister. There is such a thing where the wife watches this email car cool. Yeah just type that in and you guys know who you listening to use it for the dead ass girls podcast welcome. Welcome back everyone. I'll cook a court Queen. Oh, yeah cut Queen cook Kwan. Ha ha. Do you know the Queen the queen? That's me. I got your mom sitting in the chair while I'm picking the shit out. Your father can't can't can't get kick. Everyone's gonna be listening to that because so gross. Don't pay my dad, please like so shut the fuck up like that shit out of my life. She likes it. I'm telling them. Have you found anyone to let you pay? Yeah, you did. Yeah. Okay guys. Yeah, we don't have a special recording your eyes are going to be live during the Panky. I'm gonna have a little mic set up in the corner of the room with a camera. We just going to be talking about it. Well the do is again, you know, like he did like I have a oh, you haven't done it yet. I have no I haven't like strap-on done it yet, but like finger. Hey. Yeah, how did he react he loves it. Like that's literally what he hit me up to do like yeah. So when I get the strap what kind of trap Yang? I don't know. I've been looking at different ones. I think I wanna get some different like sizes. Your dad's family hit your head those up with the best strap suggestions. And you know, we'll pick you know, the best one that we pick I don't know will sing us a little son. Umm, I don't know. What the fuck yeah, like I had like three Singles up in there was doing my thing. Oh, so we're going to work him up. So it's always male G-spot is that and like you literally feel it? Like it feels like a little press like a button like not like a hard button but like you can feel the really yeah, you can feel it cause prostate like it just feels squishy. Like there's like a sponge not my sponge but just like I don't feel like the clay like it feels like a boob like it just feels like I mean no, we're just going to talk about it. This is a sex party podcast. Okay, and and the crazy thing about it is he's like such a like a manly manly man like a little bitch in bed. You don't do screaming he does this thing where he bites his finger. I'll be all right. You know what we're gonna we're gonna Back to that leadership hinge therefore this Hedge. All right back, ladies and germs, you know, we had to take a quick snack break a little Munch break and you knows munching on that boy's ass. Wow, we're listening. Um, and that's a weird sex palsy exactly and Gina just dropped the wildest bombshell of this exploitation little sex could be that she had with a fellow wrestling fan. Okay, who who she let Power Rangers, you know. Let her apologize. Is that yeah. It was amazing. Thanks bro. So that as family anyone who's interested in being, you know tombstones in their butthole. I have to be relatively attracted to you first. Yeah do that. So let us know, you know hit up the dams and she'll pick and choose who makes the cut you have to live in New York though. We're not traveling about Troutman or if you don't live in New York, you have to come to me. Yeah, and yeah, and I'm not doing that to you in my house. So you have to have a hotel hotel or if you live here, make sure Have your own place? No, she will not be going to your mom's basement. Okay, I will oh, oh, okay Dam if you dirty, this is a really nice basement like he like refurbished. His bait dumb ways man. I guess that's why he doesn't want to scream too loudly and no wait. She was at the house. She was upstairs. You're a scumbag. She was upset. That's when the buldeo boys podcast. Shout out to them bro. Now this story gets Wilder and watch you run. This is wilder than Deonte. What the fuck she was upstairs. Is it was upstairs? Did she know what I was doing to her son? I don't know about your magic like yours here is your female friend of mine. Saw that she was having a seizure. Like it wasn't me? It wasn't me. That was shaking. Wow. You're brave. Yo II yo, shut up. I salute you. That's a brave step right? So I was like, you know your mom. Told me he was like, yeah, he was like, I don't think she can hear us and I was like, yo, I don't really care like bro. Once listen when nick names he holds some of those nicknames she holds true to those memes. I don't want anyone ever say no Gene is not about know she clearly is about that like when I say, I'm young dagger dick. I'm young dagger big when I say, I'll fuck your dad. I'll fuck your dad. Okay? I don't know how we gone from this story such Fascination and and I heard more details during our commercial break with you. I was like, I was like, I'm not trying to Texas all this when I see just oh, yeah. This is not a story. I'll tell ya, how are you have to tell her? No. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. But not on yo. All right, hold up you imagine if you get a strap that looks like a championship belt I'm saying that looks go on. Let's see. Yeah Etsy has weird shit. Actually Etsy has the dragon dildo. Have you seen that? No, bro. I kind of want a sparkly cute one. Like I don't want like some know it's like this big like a sailor moon like a thick yellow one. I don't look it up. Um, it's a thick yellow one and it's like Averaged so that you're feeling everything. All right, that's probably one. I loosen him up a little bit more we can start off with that. Yeah, so I'm training him as well. Like, you know, like I'm getting him ready. Oh, you're literally a fucking dominatrix now. Well is there you go. Oh, yeah, we're definitely trying that so it's a dragon though the of you guys don't know, you know, they have it on, you know, wherever you buy. Dildos, probably online though, so they haven't make a different shades and a lot of look at this one. All that for one is cute. I'm just curious what I'm hitting him with Force. If you start off with a pretty nice start off slow and then you know and then though, Dragon Tails wagging tails with then we sing along in the last episode we did while that lets us know that we grew up on PBS. All right, wait was there music in the background? What was their music playing? No, we were watching the ruthless aggression Troodon. Yeah. And you repeat the story gets Wilder and Wilder. She's alone too. We will watch it. Wait, wait, wait, you paid the dude while watching that your this is literally Synergy our podcast has come full circle from when we first started to now you remember way back in the day like two years ago. We first started the podcast you were like I want. No Peggy, dude. Yeah while watching wrestling in the background. I said that bro, yo, I'ma have to dig up that clip. It was like definitely earlier episodes. Well, here we are here we are surely was surely was what was wait, what was playing at? What you watching this? Oh shit. What was played in the background? Well, like what part were you at? The documentary know we literally just all you just turned it on turned it on. Because like we were watching it and started kissing on his neck because I wanted to make it nice for him. Like I'm not an asshole scumbag. Like I wanted to make it nice for him. I didn't want to just like do you want him and I know him do you take him out to dinner? No, I don't have a girl code. Oh my God. Yeah, you're a dude knock knock. You're a genius. Gotta go to work tomorrow and he was just like okay, no problem. We got up off the couch. He followed me upstairs. I said hi to his mom finally met her was like hey, hi. Hey, just fuck your son. Yeah. Definitely. She kissed me on the cheek. I was like if you only knew where my lips have been and You know, it's the funniest thing. You want to know what the fuck you're talking about. So he wants me to his door. I press the key on my brother's car poopoo. Homeboy kisses me and goes you still kind of tastes like me. That's him and I was like I know the but I have two girls. That's why I'll make sure he ate it's like you hungry. You have the old dog. Like you hungry, dude, you should be a dominatrix. You can make money off of them like you literally listen. Listen any I'm just shocked. I don't know how I feel because like I'm proud of her for finally fulfilling a Her Fantasy exactly. I'm also like really shocked that it happened so soon. Like I really thought was going to happen later this year. Not you clearly were a woman on a mission. Yes. I was yes, I was I was that service. I was like not one more person is gonna fuck me any more effort before I fuck them. That's what happened. Yo with wrestling and that's what that's the part. That kills me. Yeah, like It is roof looks like it and you're entering that's what I'm Vince's Frets. Perhaps I was like, do you want to watch it? Like I was like, it's really good and he was yeah. Yeah, he was staring right at me because I told him I'm the captain you looked at him and say no you're wrong. Oh my God. Anyway, that's how we start off the hood pass a little sex story, you know chuckling. Um, that's hilarious. Maybe I should share story next. Yeah next podcast that serious, you know, it's funny though like growing up because I was doing more sex because I had a steady partner. So like when I said come up to you guys and say so you were able what the fuck? Yeah, I did what now is like the other way around? Now you're doing all the adventurous things. I told you just now I was like yo, I'm fucking somebody and they like and it happened. So wait, so top 3 W star dude fucking a but I already know Ricochet. Yeah, definitely workers say Ricky. No, he'll take it. I know jump it up and look at Shea, I'd fuck Roman just because he thinks he's a Dom have to teach him. Like listen. I want to see him in that light. I do I want romance. That little anime blush on his cheek Mike the low eyes of I've never felt this before. Yes, and who's the third person? Who's the third person? I don't know. I just have a thing for top and powerful men. Okay, that makes sense. So I think Triple H is why number one? You would definitely would not be with you. He wouldn't be with a shits at all. But this is make-believe isn't yeah, this is Rick and I would but Roman Trot. No, Roman is probably top top of the list because Roman has the hair tool of think a bullet label the bag open my bitch Shield. Like he'd have to fuck me up after like and I mean like literally fighting it take one of them weights from is Jim is sporting like he'd have to go like shoot somebody to feel like a man again. Oh my God, you want to give a pcsd and make him question his masculinity because ricochets too easy. That's true. We can't raise too easy. You can write he looks like he could go get a good look at Shea had you go down a little bit go down a little bit Ricochet. Not stop it. Right orphan. Orphan. Roman Roman stopping. Ya Roman is like yo, what did you just do with the blush on his cheeks like but you liked it and that's all I need to see. All I need to see is that you liked it though, and we're going to get there again again. So each time you're gonna just push the envelope. Up. Yeah, okay because that's what that's what the guy was. Like. He was like Oh, I thought you would like bring the strap from now and I was like, oh we gotta and we got to slowly get there's I want you to drive us. I want you to like this. I don't know that you the fact that you took his feelings into consideration, you know, a lot of times got like one guys want to try for you with a girl they never have to polish because I feel like that's why I feel like Woman made better love. Burrs on yes, we can because we know what it feels like for someone to just see us as a whole like you get what I mean? Like no, I was kissing behind his ear. I was rubbing her mom. Female friendly porn I was asking for consent. I was like, wow, look at me real good. You don't want to me to case exactly truly this girl who came over from hinge and Finally, let us know if you're on hinge and you know what you're looking for. I'm not I'm hand. I'm not none of the things actually I will say this. So make not go out what y'all make a couple yeah, so I was gonna say that so two years. Yeah about two years ago. You were exploring other things. I was like, yeah, I wanna have a threesome like I do now he was like, oh, well what kind I was like, you know, I'd be down with both two girls and a guy two guys and I need um, hmm. So we created a couple's was that place called OkCupid and I was Very clear from the jump. We are a couple we are not looking for a polyamorous know we're looking for someone who is DTF in Brooklyn one night, you know will treat you right? Well, obviously we'll meet them first and like just kind of get the you know, of course and then we don't do it in a hotel do it nicely. Mmm. So though I was mostly doing the most of the community so we did meet this girl and she was I will say I got a little jealous. Because I thought you look way too good so that way this is a catfish but then I was at you'll send me a random photo. She was at what you want to make send me a photo of you in a McChicken really it make chicken. But yeah, I'll make chicken. She was okay. I'm like and a fry she was like what you want the McChicken you want the fried. Let me check. I'm like, I don't know get creative. This send me that picture sense to me. So she sent it to me clearly. She looks fucking phenomenal with even without makeup. So her pictures online of makeup, you know, I think about and I'm like, oh shit, she might be real so then I was like, you'll send me another picture fucking God. She goes. What do you want to know that I was at your send me another picture with you swiping into the subway. She was like, I'm sorry. What's your day? I just need to make sure that your I know I will scare you because I don't want no more. Shit because he sent me a picture of her Broadway Junction. I was like that cool. I'm telling you know, I'm like yo, I found someone he agreed I agreed I'm like yeah, we're gonna do this. So today we're gonna go meet her for coffee. She cancels. He's like, oh I got to take my kids to the vet. I mean probably take my pockets with dogs. Again, I'm like, alright, so I call her I'm like, all right. I feel like you're trying to avoid me if you don't want to do is just say so like don't waste my time. You say no I'm interested. You know, I kind of like, you know, what your boyfriend lives would I cool. So let's do this like Brock Lesnar, let's do this like so then the day that we find go to meet like I'm literally on my way to meet her clothes, you know, makeup done everything. She's like, oh I can't go through this anymore. I got back together with my ex. You know that feeling like I feel like I'm standing on my dick in my hand. Like that's literally how it felt like like I understand what men's your balls so that I would have been so fucking heated drug problems. Like you'll oh my God he oh I miss you so much. She was cute that long hair. She was like makes you black and white she had hazel eyes you was gonna you know, the girl King stuff. She look like that only with hazel eyes. I was like, you know what? Thank you for wasting my time bitch. So then I had to tell him like a so it's not gonna go through this whole Vegas. It wasn't meant to be so then like we kind of just abandon the idea of those like you just want to work but I do want to go to a sex club a little fucking have a threesome though with two dudes, but it but it's kind of like that's kind of why I love Pokemon a bisexual boyfriend only. In the sense of I wanted to be both of us fucking some dude. Okay, fucking some like Twinkie, dude. Wow. Yeah like Sammy give them grow from a topic. Yeah. You don't even by Giorgio Nino right? I put down the toilet. Does he not he does there you go. He does he does make it'll make it look like a retired porn star. I was like, I hate his fucking hair bro. Yes, it's stringy and great. Oh my God. Is it a wig? Is it not like I think what the anyways guys you guys didn't come on here today to listen to a sect or maybe you did your baby baby, you know, so the first 20 25 minutes you just got that but let's talk about what really is going on in the wrestling World. Um before we do so we just wanna we have some exciting news to share. Okay, we gonna We gonna pay some bills right now. We are now sponsored by Olga motherfuckers. Yo a long time in the making Podcast is now sponsored by audible. Alright audible is an awesome service. We can listen to thousands of audio books because it's a podcast news comedy and much more on the go. Guess what the app is free and can be downloaded on any smartphone or tablet. Now if you flip phones I know flip phones no saikyo member psychic. So I miss - yes, it kicks front lip. You could also listen across other devices and never lose the spot. So if you started On page 5 and you got things to do. Guess what you can pick back up on page 5, um Gina she's a big horror fan. So she actually recommended The Outsiders by Stephen. Yeah. It's so good. It's so good. It's all right, and then of course we're wrestling fans. So we actually enjoyed hearing John Cena narrate the 64th, man. I mean, it was funny. It's not a it's not an audiobook is more like a serious. So if you like that it definitely, you know, go ahead so if you want to get started visit Audible, Trial.com / that ass girls for one month free trial so you got one month that's 30 days in a month. Listen to all the fucking audiobook. So again, that is www.autostore24.com backslash that ask girls. Yes. All right, we told y'all we gonna sponsors yo, so we just wait inaudible. No inaudible down PornHub neck exactly PornHub, Adam and Eve. What's the other one? Is this a we we taking over the world that has breath taking over the world. So super Showdown happened recently. Um, I don't watch that show. I'm going to be rolled that out with y'all one because I have work to because from what Gina and mr. Waffles was telling me. It was true. It sounded me this shit was trash it. Was there any part of super show them that you liked? Yikes yikes. I think there was I'm just trying to remember the matches. So, you know, what's crazy. I liked Romans match with Baron in the steel cage. Okay? Yeah, I like that much. It wasn't a bad match Viking Raiders versus fucking hate. They have some new trophy the two-week know what it was like, Yeah, it was about that match where they just made our truth look ridiculously strong like he was taken out like he was being taken out by Bobby Lashley and then he still managed to eliminate Andrade still managed a limit. And then it was just this whole setup to get the trophy to undertake your to take it because I guess we're getting the Undertaker versus um, AJ Styles and it was crazy. Mr. Waffle. Definitely predicted this one. So my thing about it is he predicted it like a month ago like talking about my because it wasn't it was before it was twice. Y'all know we get in under take a look at AJ Styles and I was like bro. First of all, WrestleMania is not far away. So shut the fuck up and no we're not because we're gonna I was like, oh how how he got knocked on his head. He said the same thing their intake when we were reviewing table report and he was like, yo look and I'm like sir. That's a long time. It's between that and then how do you do that? That's why we call them the secret employee because that must be predicted a shit on the down the dock on the bra and the second even take off his clothes like full coat and hat he give no shirts. No shit or fuck and I was crazy. I like it was like everybody knew he was going to be there because the whole crowd started singing when Undertaker under the in the middle of the man is lying sighs if I had a whole plate of Chicken some procedural peppers and some pita bread and take off his coat because he was still in the buffet line when they called his eyes and my old shown got time that you old seen a hold my plate real quick. Yo, yo, yo cover the place. I'm gonna coronavirus on it my fault but too bad Bart Baron Corbin was there on the fucking plane with a whole mascot, like listen, it wouldn't be the worst thing. Thing you got is the same. Nothing is why was a Roman protecting himself? Yeah. No. No, he did. He fools private and I had a whole hypoallergenic plane if I had a whole heap a full of the Bubble Boy IV in his arm the whole time they're like and then they had new day versus the mizzen John Moore. Why doctors know what they doing with job more? You know what you know what it is. John Moore said there's he supposed to be this like Entertaining guy like how the missus and he's not very John Moores and it was never entertaining like that's why he had Molina caught in his promos. Right? Like Nitro was the Entertainer like when he got his face smashed up Ramona with the fucking ladder. That's the most disgusting thing I've ever seen truly and I work in the medical field and that was the most disgusting thing I've ever seen. Did you like the raw Taxi? Much Seth versus seven buddy Murphy with the street process. All right. Okay guys, so, you know how I like to talk shit, but I'm just saying things and then it comes back and I'm like well if something looking right? Oh now he fucking do you want two packs of I would plug the shit out of stuff. I would Punk's of I just wouldn't want to hear him. Oh, no, how do we get roughly? Peg like truly bite the fucking pillow shut up. Shut up. Like I'm literally give him a Dodo to suck on while I'm like shut the fuck up. Wait just got an idea. Wow. Well, then what about Ziggler is Mansoor? I like maths or and the rain but most of us have some racist shit does. Yeah, I was like is definitely not in my don't just like wait is he like only wrestling? Yeah, I'm like is he like Zack Ryder? Not only wrestles in Long Island like I gets up at the fuck is that what about lasers is Ricochet, of course was that was tried. It was absolute trash like they made Ricochet look so fucking stupid. Like no one even thought the match was gonna go anywhere and it didn't like my mother one is match. Was it good? No, I don't know it was I don't know if it's me. Yeah, I don't know if it was niomi not used to being so fully closed or what but like I don't know that match those most of it for me and I'm barely sofa that mattress wasn't it? Wasn't it for me? It wasn't good. It wasn't good at all. It could be that they couldn't do certain moves because of where they were at. Probably then don't have them fucking bitch. Broly and I just don't understand like what is it with Saudi people because how is Ricochet came a Ricochet didn't have pants on hearsay came out in briefs double sheet up on a Thursday Thursday click on hello and y'all and y'all don't have a problem with that. You know, it's crazy. I feel like these societies are super I've heard that Loki like homework. Yeah, Loki. Okay boki. That's why they're okay Liv. We I got to see the photo now because I heard that he came out wrestling and Trunks and I was like my mouths watering. I was like, wow. Oh si si cheat up. Nah, yo, first of all, you're gonna get him some trunks that fit his dick balls and ass like just you know, Three gay wrestling fans definitely watching that shit. I definitely like the fanfics we're going wild Gabby from my job was like what the fuck is this? She was like, yeah. She was like, why don't fuck is he so packing up in front? And I was like that me now imagine if he was taller. I want Ricochet just the way he is the way and the little perfect little perfect little nugget. Perfect little bag to Little Nugget. Wow. So yeah super Showdown was meant as I you know, I kind of predicted that solu but I brought my whole fire stick to work because I was like, I'm not I was like we watch a wrestling to its people in the waiting room. Like, excuse me. Can I see someone Hold up because the Roman matches on TV so you can see trouser. Yeah, like um, they came for me and they were like, oh geez you got a room. I was like know someone else is gonna take this room those the cage match is about to start and I remember I told you all before I plug this and that when this match start no one wants to bother me, so somebody else go deal with that. Thanks. So we We had um, yeah some highlights for Ron's McDonough. I'm gonna be honest raw has just not been captivated my attention. I'm smart. I was way better. I don't know I low-key like was hyped to see John Cena like like I missed him. Yes, but then like, I don't know what he thought like, this is the thing with WW2 not swag that I'm just like, um, Stop with this whole like we know damn. Well, John Cena wasn't coming out to that ring to retire. We know Dad we knew already that it was going to be him versus the Fein stop with the bullshit just have John come to the ring and be like, yo, y'all know why I'm here exactly bring your ass the fuck up out of here this fucking point into the pocket. She had important like the fish and I'm appointing that's not something that has character should be doing it's very corny. He shouldn't be losing to fucking Goldberg. I almost forgot about that. Yo and your people that are okay with this like oh my god get the fuck off of Goldberg's dick and Brock Lesnar's dick like yeah. I'm not sure why. Who the fuck y'all? I am a Roman fan and I don't want to see this game exact moment in the same exact Legends match over and over again. Yeah, like what? What is it that we're trying to prove? Like I didn't even want to see Roman versus the fiend bruh. Like Yeah, because it made no sense. It doesn't make any sense. Oh, I'm going to have Roman versus Goldberg because they both do the spare like what's up without the heights pair off Roman look like he didn't want to be in the fucking ring like you know that long seen Roman more pissed off in my life bro you saw that right being like your teacher tells your I work in pairs and they she pairs you would like your worst enemy but Robin came out there he was looking up at the fun I like that nice I never see that for Lisa and to somebody before you definitely called him Something I should not be repeated on the desk. I'm remember seen Roman sopes bruh, like maybe he was added I guess because of the device isn't this like and then once I put said I'm not so I was I was I'm like, I'm when I'm next. Yes who's like like, I just kept her a rewind and that part is no meat. I was like, oh my God. Step 3 widen it from him coming down to the ring because I was just like, oh imagine Roman mad at you like like that's not hey like him looking at you like that and then telling you I'm next like it wouldn't mean that I want to be like this is a gang bangs you to lose. All right, we'll talk about that later. We'll talk about that after we wrap this up because I like where you're going. So what do you think? We're now that WrestleMania card is changing a little bit a little bit. honestly speaking it's looking to me like the woman matches are going to be the best part of WrestleMania yeah I'm not surprised male matches our stomach even though I'm fucking hike tonight because tonight we get asked over sir shanab yeah that's gonna be flames flip you know what I'm doing I'm sprinkling the seasoning that one needs I'm sprinkling the say not Shana was needed I'm sorry Shana was near the what was it I don't understand why I saw Okay. Now she's on an injury. Like what is that supposed to tell us wait, but she had a whole match. How is she still interested parent? Yeah. She still wonders. You won't make no no forget. It just a sign of her. I barely just needs a fuck already and get it over with it's definitely Sasha. I don't think so. I feel like I got very bratty little bottom from Sasha. Wow. Why did this while barely is like the chill top? Then choked up? I get nobody Bailey's hips were made for Pagan. No, that's just what they'll do or to be packed one of these days. These hips are going to Peg over you. Sorry country fans. Little flavor a little sprinkling that heat I just don't understand. I don't get it. I don't get what they doing for so many alike. Yeah, because the full card is not even done yet. So I mean, but as of right now we have AJ versus Undertaker John Cena versus the feem Roman versus Goldberg. We know it's going to be Becky versus Shana. Charlotte versus what? Yo are they going to even have Bailey at WrestleMania? Oh, that's a good question. It's definitely going to be on pretty sure they're not going to put the three matches that's true on the card. I mean as long as he's not against Naomi don't put my girl Naomi on the reaction fucking pain right to eat the fucking pin or to make her champion on the fucking Prius. So like damn that's a good question. Um, Hmm. I'm Shana versus Becky Channel versus Becky not going on Russia and Charlotte versus rare not going on crucial at all. No way. Yeah. In fact Bailey doesn't even make it - yeah, that's what I'm saying. They might make her defend her title on the smackdown before right and then she doesn't even have a Mania match. Look. I hate to see Fitted but she does she deserve a mini. Imagine. Oh, yeah, she hasn't been doing anything meaningful to the tired a I'm sorry. I'll see you know Naomi coming back because it's not as hype as Kofi Mania, but she's having her over surgeons. Like he's definitely getting people to watch now, you only need someone who's not barely to be termed as her now that she would be flames if it wasn't Billy but Bailey is such a bad actress brother like I don't know like You really like she's like, okay everybody. I have to be mean but I don't want to be mean like a bitch. Listen. Let me know go out there and flip off a fucking cancer patients. Wow, like if it was Naomi versus Asha that yeah Flames because I shall be going I remember when she fucking threw took that girl from NXT and food through her glasses at the little girl like yeah, that's what I want to see like I want to see my heels like be healed. Yeah biting children. Oh, like don't say no look like she'd hop over the barricades too much coronavirus going around for you to be fighting random beat. I wonder if Vince you know, he was like, all right, we can't do no more biting. Thank you Sheena cuz you know don't buy ask those as you know. If I put late Oscar, Kyrie say that he only won one dressing room separate from my photos. He's like this game. So he is a man of yeah, y'all got drunk together the safety precaution. Wait, what do you mean you think you know how they have catering probably have no Asian food like he's like no occasion, you know someone in a bag that he says, I'm ready to show you. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, even though I'm looking forward to that because I can't wait for I think so. Is gonna like hit him out the ring or some shit like like one Claymores going to like knock em out like between looks like the tune the middle ropes and shit just like rocket ship. Is that only the main event is it? I was supposed to be I want to be mad of it. I wouldn't put it past them especially because you know, Brock can really last that long neither can Goldberg though. So I just don't know because I don't know Roman will have to pin Goldberg on the ramp, but I saw it. That ramp and its pretty long. Like I don't know how to go make it out there. First of all, he's gonna be walking down the runway. I shouldn't be a slip and slide because of how fucking much easy sweat can just imagine and then Roman be sweating a lot. He doesn't matter how sweaty and doesn't amplitude and it's a shoes. I must have the West now and come on the buyers out there. You'll be safe that as family unless almost WWE trying to fill up some front rows. They can definitely hear give me a ticket. Cause I'll be on Delta or JetBlue with a metal Master 100. Asthma is soon, uh fucking drunk some Elderberry before I get on the plane some vitamin C like you talking to me. Yeah, and I got like three $200 off coupons from JetBlue and they mount up me my mom and my dad's flight. That's like a free flight. Yeah, we w we hit us up like I'll be like yo, I got sick. People that will feel sexy guys. Just make our flight make your flight video. We'll split was what would you call are being frogs flight? I like how far is Tampa is it a temple is in Tampa. Well, don't take me to-- Airbnb my aunt live out there. She got like a seven-bedroom house this holiday here. We gonna be in that bitch like me. But you know what Roman at? I know where's moment. Yeah, we don't eat here all the time and enrollment in the back EMF exactly. I'm like, that's my lobster tail Roman blow. It was all spot. Yeah. That's okay. Oh, they're mad cute why none of them? Don't look like this. Oh, no, that's that's when you see Jimmy the owner of the restaurant just pick your pants and gently Scorpio. But all right. All right. Oh, yeah. Oh, I'm sorry if y'all see me next yet Mania. Don't don't don't be hot don't be scared of what I'm saying. Like just know it's gonna be wow, you'll end up as a Kush cat. I'm a be fucking smart. You're not gonna see me the camera bump into me and I'm gonna just be looking at Night My be latest know you sleeping now watching it. Laced we definitely has a worst thing though the weak shit after like when you sober up the next day, I think the wild we don't yo, I hate we treat it like you don't want to see you guys when you hit the bong. Yeah, that's just sits in your stomach feel like a ton Lego break it probably you know, why cause you're having a shitty shit? Yeah we eat right now when I'm stoned. I just wanted to taste. Everything like safety too long Sandy. Yeah, I don't see why not big-ass meal. I just like yo, let's order a little everything so I could just liked each other shit. Like I just want to taste them just like yeah, like something simple like I think the other day I have weapons and bed and that's just smash like and I kid you not I was getting ready to take a shower, but then my hero Academia came on to know so I sat in my Towelie Wheat Thins high as shit. Even take my shower and I was like, well the bed fucking some but want to sleep. No I said I'm gonna wake it up like an hour later after my not be able to take like a random we lab. Oh, I just woke up to the shower man. When I say sleep with Immaculate, but like I don't know. I don't know. I we teach how showers be Immaculate suit like that shit be different the hot water a day spa. What about imagine a Slaughter? I always thought that like a sauna but it's just damage that we've agreed on the coal matter how hot that's a true hot box that all we could call it the hot box. The HotBox Spa. Wow, we can have CBD massage oils CBD facials. imagine Exactly, that would be fucking leg exactly just have loading up the coals with weed and then you can pick which one you want. So like let's say you want some lemon kush just a little bit of the lemon curse. Yeah. I got some let me crash at my hand and see oil so you can actually do something is exactly I've lemon kosher my pleasure in my pan that shit. Hey, hey, hey that should hit me like I was smoking lemon pie. Like you I felt like a crackhead. I felt like I was smoking pint-sized like you shouldn't I K2 has not let me solve in your fucking look like oil hits harder than the flowers bro, like the oil hit. I'm pretty sure Randy Orton knows about that his fucking bro speaking about Randy Orton and drugs Samoa Joe finally bend it on the what? What did he say what tell us what he is doing. He hurt himself filming a commercial. Yeah. And then like this pocket bike. He's probably I feel like he probably was popping some by keys or probably was in the could he know he from Cali that Cali Kush. He definitely not another word for the WWE. I like that shit every week from Facts, but I just had another business idea dispensary were all of our strains are named after wrestling terms. So imagine we have something called the Coca-Cola the Superman punch the arcade bra I fucking Diaz yo bro - and we'll fire would be fired for the would we all Vince money transfer but then Roman will probably walk in this bitch and I'll be like walking without mobile cell phone bag I've been like I guess I will see you next week when you get a 30-day no nobody even be Romans 1966 because they're because second time but I while you hate to see it I'm gonna come chill with us when you fucking violate the fucking one which I actually that's a good question are these moves trademarks give up because I think we would all WWE Money Damn, that's crazy. I think we'd owww like a pile driver is a fucking power drain. Yeah. Yeah, I don't think we could name it like the Superman punch unless we like we like hit that level where we're cruising, but we don't like Skyrocket because that's really is that what I want to be like low that you're making money. But it's not true Known World and executive be lay. Hold of what are they doing over there? Yeah. Yo, New York City fucking legalize marijuana, you're really go as medical just legalize recreational because um, don't they got that fucking Pizza Joint that got like weed in their pizza and shit they got so they got mad men or Med men. Would you do that fancy? Dispensary Pizza? I don't know you like some shit was a scam scam the reason why I so fucking Because people who want to do we door sorry smoke weed but don't really want to do it then they go I could get high by doing this. Yes this restaurant called Stone. Oh, wow a stone. NYC Pizza. Yeah. But is it like actual flowers Gourmet cannabis Pizza interesting. We gotta try that. She gonna definitely go there and it goes with my birthday weekend folks. Mommy fucking smack, by the way that as family my birthday is on April 3rd. So if you want to hit me up with some birthday wishes or send me money, you know, I'm not opposed to either or don't expect you to keep the dick pics, but I'll definitely oh tip picks, you know. Yeah, I got some nice. Cities for the ladies. Oh, wow, they really selling weed out here because you can't even see the menu. They're like request of menu. Wow. Interesting. All right, we're gonna have to do a little bit more research on this. So it's um, it's um delivery I want to deliver here because we could do this shit for Mania. I can't be mad and I fucking see me the fucking CBD Pizza. First of all, I'm not making it through Mania. I'm falling asleep halfway. Like that's the thing though when I small I get hello sleepy and I try to fight the sleep by being active because I could do things. Like I can be active but then if I'm comfy a bit to fall asleep, like I'm telling you right now like your couch that little corner if I set it up with the filling we have pickup locations and Williamsburg Bridge. Would Manhattan Jersey City and Firming doors. Where do we deliver five boroughs of New York City and one hour radius of Jersey says so they would bring the pizza here. It's lady Shalini. That episodes let me fire cuz we won't going to meet first of all, never forget the entire card not even gonna lie to you and I know you know, what's gonna happen some regular shit is gonna be sad. Let me I'm gonna go back tried a little We being Reckless or where higher but a little more when were hot. Oh, yeah Betsy. Well Edge compete again. Oh well now we gotta watch Raw because Beth Phoenix, I'm gonna get some shit. Fuck Heroes. You had an RKO our bro. All right. She's gonna join her husband. So yeah, so this was this was definitely a lighter episode not calling it a filler per se but this was definitely a light-hearted episode because typically the time between now and Mania, I don't know the road to mania this year has been a little unpaved a little hole on the wavy a little off the beaten path. So hopefully when we watch raw in the next two minutes, oh wow. Order from them. They would need your ID username. Like they want to see if you don't fucking fat a ride. Yeah, Jeremy cannabis Pizza. They said we need your eyes actor order in order to complete your sex in order to complete your order. You have to ride or delivery it pick up Woodhaven Queens are juries dirty City it Delivery was the address time bro. They want to know you're not the fucking feds boy. Wow, but it's cash. Only gosh only. Currently we offer a discount for pre-rolls. Hold on. How is legal? Yo, I ordered this shit in the boys pop up at my dorm Ibiza and they're like yo, this is this soyou. Oh, nothing you already heard it. Well, they did love with the Staten Island. Do we deliver to Long Island? But technically I'm right at the border this is Queen's baby bring me my shit what it do baby what it do baby um before we close out this episode I just want to say a shout-out to the data's family trucks yeah been growing all right Twitter numbers have been growing not so much IG so show us some love on the IG I bet if I was showing my tits on their y'all would hop on dough I think that's what we need you need to drop it to be pink or CH drop a thirst trap photos got y'all like where you can see the top we've got the cleavage and then maybe we'll see our ID boost got it um yeah let's do that and again so how much was drop that ring them Banger did you see my comment on that your house is drop a random bang on a Tuesday just random and work hours I just sprinkle down I was like ma'am sir them I was like I can't have that first of all was the last time Gina first of all I don't even know you It was active DM is worth popping off baby. You'll I saw all those comments because this is how I know. You've clearly got it because I drop of selfie. It's like, oh my God so adorable so cute likes you drop a selfie. It's like you only put my dick in your forehead. Wow, not that I'm saying. I want that not that at all, but Gina drop the search track photo the other day. Literally just my face now. No, no no, we're gonna look through these comments the flame emojis the heart emojis, beautiful. I see you mom, you know, um, go yeah. Yeah a lot of these might want to make you pregnant. Well, I do that but 48 likes on a on a fucking selfie. and I got like ten DM's we're not even long time 29 likes and I don't really follow me people like me either really yeah right yeah yeah should be blessed they even dropped her selfie exactly Shirley let's talk yeah 10 diems yeah oh my fucking God anyways what I wanted to say y'all are all going to the hottest part of hell So there's this so, you know, those are cat has a new song called say so so first I'm do made a video of oh when you're chilling when you're playing games and Stephen Hawking shows up some shit like that. So he played Rowdy Rich the box but like he makes it Auto-Tune the fuck out so like it's like Stephen Hawking's voice which I'm gonna let that shit is hilarious because the fucking chair and movement is what kills me then someone does another one. One of the dojo cat song. Yeah, what does karaoke tonight? we were tweeted it it's a funny as video you gotta fucking not it's the fucking body and like the and yours funny though is like the That Remix is actually kind of hard like so yeah you're going to the hottest part of hell all know what else exactly true parties that me a true cars as I said I'm either be fucking saying I'm kicking that bitch off the fucking throne and I'm taking over imagine our Peg see him oh nice kill himself I'm the captain now Next episode Peggy and says, yeah. Okay. No, it's not a lifetime movie. It's a Gina time we exactly exactly so yeah, so we're not the federales all speaking about federales before we end this so some someone gave me a card of this delivery service. They're called cannabis something. Yeah, so they only distributed like a limited number of cards. So I don't know how I got this beta boys, but I'm a little scared. I'm scared. They don't fucking boys. So I called on the weekend and then answer them my God, whatever so they called me back like hey, you know because he was a saint I didn't answer because you don't I don't have your number in my phone. Like how did you get this car? So, you know, I made a little Spiel technically my brother gave it to me, but so he was like, all right, cool. Cool. So he does delivery so he sells an eighth of white widow for $50 definitely right so like right when he was like oh I got to to package minimum I'm like all right so I guess I'll get two ways I mean I don't know why I'm doing all that definitely kill myself but surely that would Ascend to a higher plane it's true so he's like yo he's my secret if he's like asking like what do you do what are you living like what you do hold onto that card and you know I got you this and I'm like listen I better not go to jail that's all I'm saying so if the next episode I'm missing you know what all right so it's been another great episode of that as girls you were know who it is Jizzy a cage you know just eg6 I'm not flying right now you know there's a travel ban you know Corner risers yeah he not speak coronavirus young dagger dick yeah you know I hear you yeah she wow I'm so now with that story really I'm not like I'm living my best life 2020 living my best life I'm gonna go ahead buggin I'm a polka niggas niggas yes that's me yeah has the end of you want to be paid so so let us know but not right now though cuz I cuz I got a sweet little thing that I'm dealing with and I don't want to cheat on how well I wasn't feeling no type of way like so I'm a deal with him first and then and then you hit the street exactly what Mommy again skills I was reading some shit that you gotta like practice your stroke game and should because your stroke game can be whack as a female like that's true because you don't really ever yeah so I've been practicing how do module Strokin Strokin what they are practice stroke game so I'll be on my grind with me I hate myself stroking the ear because now all right y'all Oh my God, are you like in your room? I don't think I've ever called you a square perfectly. Yo, this is the visit of me. I want to make it good for him. Like I don't want him to be in any pain want to be. Alright selling that's family. She made it this far. Thank you. I'm gonna laugh again, and I don't want to listen the show some the social media the right Twitter is add that as a girl's Instagram is at that ass girls or I got Tumblr that Hasbro's podcast you can follow our personal IGS if you like all right all of our links are in the link tree bio on Twitter Instagram oh my God you gotta we gotta plan a little song because we know y'all deserve it you guys have been so good and checking us out and you know being with us and you know Gina drunk that little gem so here's a little song for y'all all right yeah this is my room in the mirror but let your mind take your time on me but listen I'm only being gentle this like first couple of times men laughing that's what Young dagger did come yeah wait so the best moment of dancehall song a dance hall named it really does like oh my God shut up fire welcome to the stage as you're not gonna pick up your leg I really see that as like A Jamaican do it like colorful hair in like tight white pants because you got some pull ups because I really pulled up to his house and sweatpants and a bandsaw. See you literally just thought I had on my Jordans I had on my black sweatpants my band Metallica banty and a jeans jacket. So you want to drop some traps and thicker. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, man, you should compete in the face. Faith Jax has graced the strap on the leafy it strap yourself a hit me up word yeah we're planning to have on the show after she you know comes back and settles in after Mania so let us know if y'all want to hear us talk hot cash it hot dirt shit with a Jackson all right you already know who was guys you have listened to the dead ass girls podcast peace love chicken grease goodbye