For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I love when I get an email from you and it says hey girl, I'm pretty sure when I met your daughter when I was in Australia, she was like, hey girl, I guess you probably see side Yas Queen. Oh my gosh. She actually wanted to cuddle you. Do you remember she ran off? I know they do have a parent or advisory warning but I'm like I've already heard what's on here. I think it's fine. Let's go with it. And then I just um, cough really loud when you're about to swear right Braun DUI. This is the number one thing that I get all the time on the internet too. So you have to tell me if it's true for you. Okay might be I the number one message that I get from my fans on the Internet is that their husbands know me by my voice. They'll be like what? My Instagram mother they are you watching Mr. D. Again my God, and yesterday I was like a couple a couple days ago. I was tormenting my mom the car and I played a very dirty song the kind of like I heard it I is it it goes my neck my back blah blah blah. Yeah blah blah blah blah blah. So I was wrong in in the actual story I said, Kelis but that's not cleese's actually Kia. Which pain or Kya I knew how dare you would write that song to Kelis how rude how how dare eyes the lip of the word but I played my neck my back for my mom and somebody wrote me and they said their husband just said that is a very dirty song Mr. D. Those are very dirty words as dirty and they didn't even know they just heard my voice and knew it was me. Yeah, I sometimes have to hide it. Which Mr. D stores or I put my head my earphones in so that my whole family can't hear you because they all are like our mom's on the phone again watching mr. D. Here we go. She's going to be there for a minute. I have to get my Mr. D story time every day. Otherwise, I feel like I've missed something and I can't get them back. So very important. Okay, this is the perfect segue into my story. Yeah. Okay, so I used to teach third grade. grade for a little a small amount of time and I loved teaching third because third great like people always say 4th and 5th grade is when kids sort of start to transition and you know, that's kind of true but I really truly believe that third grade is that year where it's the last year where they just like look at school and their teacher has this like magical place where you can go and just like be a kid and like they're just so Whimsical and like they cry sometimes Are still just little kids and it's like oh my God, I love it. Like I love my favorite thing when I was teaching third grade is I could still read a child picture book to them and use all the character voices and get really animated and none of the kids would like this is so weird to say but none of them would like judge me for you when you do it, right, but when you do it with 4th and 5th grade, typically the majority of the class still loves it and they're still very young and Whimsical and into it, but there's at least Least two who are kind of like whatever loser, you know what I mean third grade. No in third grade there like down the clown with you. They're just like, oh my God, this is the best book ever and I remember when I would do it in third grade, they would always say because I always did you ever do fist of five with your kids? No, I after reading a book. So I would read every time I read a book every time we finish a book. I always say fist of five and they put up fist of five five means you loved it. Zero means you hate it and you could have anything you wanted, but my whole thing is whatever. Put up you have to be able to say why you gave it so it can't just be you know a five because I like it there cuz I hater you have to give it and they would always put up five and I would say what did you like about it? They're like even it's so funny. All right. I love the voices on my okay, but the book the book. What about the bug not me? Yeah, that's gorgeous. I think that's so great when kids get involved in literature and you can really bring it alive. I remember I always do this Activity with the students or I had them create their own animal and it just it I always do it because it's a really great way to get your students writing so they create their own animal and it starts with just a picture and then they have to name it and then they have to label it because it's part of science is like labeling and making diagrams. Then they have to they can't tell you about it. They have to write to you about it. Right so, you know, the kids are already really excited because it's something that they created it something that they made it something that they Envision they use their Asian and now the only way to communicate about it is to write about it and you know writing is the hardest thing to teach cross the all the grades kids don't like to write typically so I always use that as a way. So the first thing I had this tiny little girl she Drew her animal it looked totally ratchet. It looked like it had gone through the blender. She was so proud she gets up there and kick that. She said she goes this is my and she spelled it P U se but she did not pronounce it like that and I was like, oh, okay next person losing my job today. Oh my God, I about died about died as like oh my God out of all the things you could have named this everything you could have been you named it that and then just top it all off to the way she introduce Ed. This is my oh my God, so it wasn't invented animal or it was a real animal was it invented animal like she created it. So it looked I wasn't it look like she wasn't doing like a nursery rhyme cat. No, it was just over. - do I have animal? You know now she may have taken that sort of connection. I truly never asked her. I didn't want to get into it. I really did it but it looked as if I remember because they use their imagination either draw the picture first. Yeah, I'm sorry. I might not have said that it's supposed to be an animal. That doesn't exist. Yep. Yep, right. Thank you. So her first looked like like a baby chick that a just hatched from an egg, but like caught on fire and there I've liked it like it. Bad, it looks bad bad bad. I was like, what is this like a bird or a reptile? I don't even know like it was really like, oh God new teachers new teachers start marking down the moments that make you cringe because they're hilarious. Once you can come down from that. Yeah, Adrenaline Rush of almost losing your job. How many times has that happened to you where you've had that Adrenaline Rush Braun, I swear to God. I want to say more than the average bear like at least two or three times a year. Everywhere here. Okay, John say yeah. Thank you gonna say to always always right? Well, thank you so much for joining me today on Friday Funnies. I hope you have a great weekend. I hope you do to thank you so much. Thanks for having happy Friday everybody. Bye everyone. Thanks for joining us for Friday Funnies. Don't forget to subscribe to For the Love of teaching on your favorite podcast app to get updates on all the latest episodes. Thanks for joining us for Friday Funnies. Don't forget to subscribe to For the Love of teaching on your favorite podcast app to get updates on all the latest episodes.