Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day, right? So it's just the Sunday everybody goes and they run the kill themselves and then you know, whatever McKim cells but physically running. Yeah kill himself. But like you said now it's a Friday through Sunday event. So for this year, I know it keeps getting better and better and better. What do you guys have planned for this Friday Saturday and Sunday? Well, we kick off Friday night with some karaoke down in the in the clubhouse. That's always a interesting time. Right? Yeah, and you're going to have your friend do it this year again, right? Yeah and last year. It was honestly the part of the best karaoke. Yeah. A performer, so he's like very talented he has to get out there and sing karaoke and these people involved so many people are so good at karaoke and like they oh no, I yeah, I can't see I can't see and then they get on there and just like fucking Frank Sinatra and shit, you know, like what the fuck? Yeah, like what the hell? Yeah. So um, so yeah. Yeah and yeah, so tricks tricks. No, he'll stay out there. Yeah, that's and he's good camp he draws people in and if they don't do it like he's not shy to get up there and saying yeah, so no matter what whether people People are doing karaoke or not. You're going to get a show that hopefully he doesn't like hurt himself this year. Apparently, he was getting a little theatrical and yeah. To yeah, so this is how crazy karaoke right he does. He does Rocky Horror Picture Show. Oh, yeah, that's right in San Diego. Now, he's like Rocky so he's like used to like dancing and theatrics. Oh, it's really really fun to watch him be like, yeah. I just imagine he got into some point of just like doing a little teeny little too much. Yeah, so you don't rush it. So then Saturday what we got going on there that early morning we're going to be doing corn hole. Cornholio kind of ease into that because we don't know how early in the morning people will be showing up, you know getting out of bed from the night. You karaoke the night before it's crazy. Plus they got to get ready for the naked very well. So how many years has this is our fourth fourth one fourth one is our fourth one. And what exactly does that entail for people who have never done a very mild. I've never done it Beer Mile. I've only been a part of this one. This was my first experience and I think it's the craziest. Hey world and I really thought when it was first pitch to me, I swear to God I told Patrick I told Isis I think you're crazy because I don't think anybody's going to really do it. Yeah, so you run in its up from down below up to my house and then back is the quarter mile. So and it's a pill so you run and then you drink a beer or root beer if you're not yeah beer, but you get all that carbonation going on. Yeah, and you do that after every reporter in the quarter-mile took you choose videos. You cannot go until you finished and it is the funniest thing to watch because everybody is everybody so competitive even though this is just a totally for fun race kind of a thing and nobody really want nobody really wins, but they're very competitive. So the determination that first time when they're running they're like, yeah, you know and they come up and they slap my hand turn around and head back a little bit later. They come up the next time no a little They're still going. You know that third time that now I'm looking at my watch going well with that on the third time. They're coming up there. Why are you doing this? You know by the last time I'm literally texting dog because he's done this line. I'm texting him going is the race even still going right? Because that's how it because at that point now there I got to take there because you have to drink the whole beer. Yeah, you know other ghost ship I think you can see they're having an absolute blast. You know, it's hurting themselves. Somebody was saying they need a beer bong and warm very next year. I'm just like just like horses down and down there and they start going so after talking a lot of people that she said that the beer is actually easier than soda so like some people like, oh, I'll just do the soda. I won't. Thank you. And all that stuff. So even if you're not a drinker at highly recommend doing it and then some people they don't drink soda or beer. So they're quiet birds. So they just start tugging water. But I think that's even worse just even worse. Yeah. So either way. Yeah, we had got a bell we've helped out and we've been the person is like hanging out the beers and it does not look it looks fun to watch but doesn't look that fun. Actually do yeah. I mean that's like Patrick. Who's this guy? Who's running number of Bear Burrows and he said like we want to do a Beer Mile sometime and I think once he mentioned that for a year, they just like yeah, the rule is you have to put it. Your head you have to have to but then you see people and after you said I do the third one the like then they pour over the head and all of it just like yeah, whatever. So and also if you're on a budget and you're trying to like drink beer but not spend too much money. There's a shitload of like half beers. Oh seriously. But it is funny to see so we you guys have people coming from all over the world that come in. Yeah and do this, right so so, okay. Let's back up a little bit when you first started the 5K. How many people did you guys have we had just under a hundred people that first year and I was told to expect about 25 or 30. Yeah, because these things take time to really get going. Yeah fucking liar soon. He said somebody else was the first one down. But yeah, we had residents can and Jane used to live here. Here and there they were Avid Runners and it was their idea. They wanted to do this and so they brought it to membership and asked if we could put it on our calendar and I was like, you know, yeah sure. I think it sounds like a great idea, you know, just like it'll be really small though, you know these things do she says they usually take like three or four years to really get you know big but she says it really has the potential to be a lot of fun, you know, and she's a good it's just it's just a Sunday. Just yeah. Well, you know, what morning? Yeah, nobody else. I'm like, alright fine. No problem and Yeah, we did it in a for sure we had under just under a hundred people come up and I was like, holy crap, you know like yeah, these people are serious, right? Yeah, and to me, you know, this is not like a sanctioned race or anything. This is totally just a fur fun race, but everybody was just like, oh my God, that was so fun. We had a great time. This is such a challenging course, you know what I was like holy traveling and these are serious Runners. These are people that do the Boston Marathon and you know, this is what they do and and you're seeing now some of these people actually putting putting this run into their schedule for the year. Oh, yeah, so he's like, oh, it's Boston Marathon. We learn that because we all know April is always arm up. It's always an April that is our tradition. So the only are only conflicts can be Easter if Easter falls in April then we also learned one year it cannot be before text day because some of these people are accountants and they're super busy and one year. We had it before the 15th. And we had so many people that were so upset because because they couldn't make it because their accountants. Yeah, so, okay. So we learned that one one year we had at the exact same weekend is the Boston Marathon and we had the exact same response. Don't do it the same weekend because I run the Boston Marathon, but I also want to come run your race. I'm not like dude. What are you talking about? The Boston marathon's like real that's a real race, you know, you're like no we we plan for this we put this on our calendar. So that's when I think Don my book, I've learned like crap. We need to plan and know when our next year's race is going to be at the race. Yeah, we got to be able to say okay next year. It's on this date and we have to be able to go that's I Google it. When is the Boston Marathon when is Easter but you know, I mean if I get all the okay, this is the date because these people are serious about it and you're right they come from other states other countries to come and do this race because it's fun and challenging. That's the biggest. Thing I've heard that said has surprised me is how challenging it is? Yeah, you know, it's hot and it's to the point now where I'm hoping I want people to go. Yeah, how how how was the race this year? How is the course, you know, it was really hard on me. Yes does try and make it harder like every single year. I tried. Well, we tried it or like changing. Yeah, we try to change it up a little bit we can only do you know so much we try to we will literally change the course course. Every three or four years at kind of take some time though because you really have to any we love bushwhacking. Yeah. Yeah bushwhacking. Oh, that's just go that way and see what happens and then I get my husband on his dirt bike and then he kind of clear the trail makes it from there. So we process yeah. I know it's so hard. He hates it. So this year it's going to be very similar to last year. But I am going to have to adjust a little bit for two reasons. There was a part of the course that was too much of a downhill. Yeah, so I'm going to switch. That and then the donkey's have come into play. They have come across a certain portion and our Trail Master able has had to work the trail around who that the donkeys have done. We have to unfortunately, yeah, we are Trail is this because you really run by the donkey's. Yes, even though they don't show up the day of this is it is looking good. I've been hiking a lot lately. Yeah. I'm like the trail looks yeah. there most of them are like the ultra marathon runners so they run like hundreds of miles on the races and even those people so to form what we understood last year because he spoke to a lot of people they're seeing that 5K is actually harder than ultramarathons because like the marathon's you can like kind of jog a little bit like five k's are kind of saying spray like for me regardless, I just hate running so they called suck but Yeah, like we met the or I met this one guy the gym one time and he's like, oh, yeah, like I'm an ultramarathon arms like oh, well, we got this little 5K thing at this new dress or if you wanna come hang out. He's like, oh, yeah cool like he's for my German. He's like, yeah, that's totally normal for me, like whatever you end up taking like third place. He was injured and he's like, yeah a nice little like 5K would be an easy. I can do that. Yeah, because it's all hilly it's all and if nobody's been here before it's not I think most people think about you know, a 5k, you know running through the town like in a Long Island. You just run through the neighborhood. Yeah, that's all nice and flat as not what ours is we have got Hills for days. So and it we take advantage of the property kill some corners and 90% exact 90% dirt Trail. Yeah. It's a it's a cross-country Trail for sure. But it's also what a fabulous trailer just go walking on. It's a lot of fun just about their walking because the scenery is amazing, you know reviews. Yeah. It's just a clear day. You see all the mountains number between H. Yeah, come on. Now. There's also so obviously there's a bunch of like professional runners here. But what about for the people who like don't really like running or they kind of want to come and hang out for just the weekend or they just he may even want to walk the trail still good idea. No still a great idea. It's a really great weekend. We we used to way way back in the day we used to have what was called an open house and it just kind of helps people, you know come in and kind of understand what the lifestyle was, you know. And slowly over the years we kind of did away with that and it's almost like the 5K is has turned into that. It really helps people understand what the lifestyle is and kind of get an idea because obviously everybody people who have never done this before they have it in their head. What they think is a nudist resort and what they think happens in a nudist resort. So when they come up for this race guarantee you they're leaving by the end of the weekend go and cut this was so not what I thought it was going to be. It is an awesome weekend to come up. Even if you're not going to actually run the race. It's a great weekend just to come up you're going to meet some amazing people from all over. Yeah, you know amazing fun people and and everybody is all they want to do is come out and have a great time. That's it. Well, I think one of the big surprises was like a traditional 5K race people go and run and then you kind of cool down you hang out for a little bit and then like, you know an hour after the race is gone. Everybody's gone. Yeah, and so we were kind of anticipating that here and like four hours after the race has gone everybody's still in the pool having one of my favorite things before but I lost all the information we will talk about that. But but you did say that whatever you thought or whatever you think get out. He's going to happen. New sort just forget about and that was probably one of the most powerful things I've ever heard regarding nudism because a lot of people do consider. Well, they consider just nudity in general. It's like having something to do with like this sexual always something is going to happen people just me a bunch of dudes walking around with boners and shit. But um, yeah, it's totally not that at all. It's literally like dominoes just saying it's just people they just want to have a good time people just want to be happy and yeah, we're just naked because it's the most comfortable you can be especially on a day like that. At 9% time the weather during the five-day weekend is absolutely perfectly unfortunate. There's that one year A couple of years ago. I don't know what was going on. I don't know but people still have two different things. So one is like a day or two before the race day. And you see everybody's starting to set up their camps and stuff and some people come in because they just want like you want to get a spot and then my favorite favorite part is seeing everything on that exact Race Day on Sunday or like on that Saturday and you see hundreds of like people just like like when we have enough parking, yeah inside the resort we could park people on the road just see people in here and it's just it's so cool to see everybody's coming together for one cause and like you said just just to have a good time just to have fun go back to like that that childhood mentality was like there's no were these there. No cares, it's just you're just here just to run or walk. The yeah, we'll just tell him like just everybody comes together to from the like Resort members and the residents just all come together to help and kitchen that day. Whatever people need. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, where are these people running around like chickens? Along the trails we directly into directing people. So people don't get lost. Yeah people handing out water. Yeah, you know, we got you again mechanics. Kpr our first aid people. Yeah, you know, if anybody needs anything, you know people with golf carts at all. Somebody doesn't want to finish the race. They you know, we're run up and grab him. It's just yeah all hands are on deck for that. Right? So beautiful. It's it's probably my favorite weekend. Yeah. Well don't so last year was the 10th. It's okay out for some reason was it bought I didn't know so this one is going to be a lot of now as far as number-wise how so from that 100 or less than 100 people the first year. How many do you guys have or how many did you guys have for last year? And what are you expecting for? This year's number? Let's just start last year and we're just over 350 and actually running was maybe like 320 325. There's people yeah, either they can't make it or they you know, there's some people that registered. We're here, but you're not running in there like that. But yeah. They're like, oh no, I need to get to bed early on time tonight, you know second because the race starts at 10:30 10:30 10:30 in the morning. That's in the morning. Yeah registration registration starts at 8:00. So yeah, you have to yeah, you got to get here and get it going and get going. So you recommend now people come at least a day preferably the whole weekend but at least today yeah or the actual race because it's like it's proven how crazy Newer. Well, there's several good ideas. Yeah, it's always a good idea to try to carpool with other people. That's true because parking I mean we've been able to park everybody but yeah might be parking a little ways away. So little helpful. Yeah carpool might be a really good idea to Yes it if you're able to come up for the weekend at the very least come up the day before it's just so much easier. It's also easier if you get registered online home already. That way you've got all of that taken care of and that way the morning of all you're having to do is to go get your you know, your tracker is showing you your number painted, you know, and that's just yeah, it's just checking in and it's a lot a lot easier because it can it can get pretty chaotic because there's a ton of people here and everybody's just kind of standing around waiting for this race if he's looking like a 1020 they're like, where do I go? Yeah, so like what do I do? People come in the gate because the cars because that's part of that was part of the first Parts is running that you know that motion and so yeah, it's always smart to try to at least get here the day before and like I said, if you're able to kind of get out on Friday, I'll just take him to so much fun. And there's there's tents everywhere. There's people everywhere like everybody's just in this really happy. Good mood. Yeah, so it's like the fun was just a really fun weekend against so as far as registration take somebody through like kind of the progress of it or the process of it because they know some people were kind of worried about like registering online. It's like that but you guys have everything already open right now, right? I'm sure Jason's are open and actually save money right now before because you guys have a the number or the price will go up like early registration. Yeah registration is until March 15th, and then after March 15th, it'll go up. So If I were to register today, how much is it for the I don't know how you break it down the prices. It's $40 for just the borough. Okay, or it's a hundred dollars for the entire weekend including the Beer Mile and the Beer Market Beer Mile and the very fast from Friday to Sunday, including all the runs. So yeah, I mean, it's an awesome deal. It's actually okay, if you were to really break it down to get okay, if somebody were to do go like go online and see all the prices like that she's saving so yeah, and then also as far as like what all does to offer to it's not just this run so you guys also have like your your Cafe is have a clubhouse which has like a pool table and darts and like you say the karaoke and then is a tennis courts and volleyball court and pool. Sauna sauna jacuzzi. Yeah. There's just there's so much. Yeah, there is a ton to do and you could practice the race. Yeah, and they're like, okay, you need a tent in a sleeping bag, but beyond that, you know, the restaurant is open all weekend. You guys aren't you got showers you've got like, you know everything you need. It's not like you it's not self-sufficient camping. Oh, they're staying you'll get a cold drink. Don't use it. Well, okay. Well, okay, but then after March 15th, how much does it go up the rich like for the weekend and for the race how it goes up by five $45 for the race? Yeah, just for the red than a hundred and ten. Yeah, I think it's yeah, it's I don't have to I'm sorry to her. If you just show up like the day of you're not going to get that deal and also by waiting longer if we do get too many people registered you might not be able to run because we have to cut it. We have to cut it off. Yeah at this rate. We're so many people. Yeah, we can only fit so many cars and so many people so it just always best for people just to kind of have to just a plan ahead and get it. I know some people are you know, leery about why don't know what the weather's going to be like I don't you know, But you know, like you said, I mean, it's this is our Regarding 11 year and we've had we've only had won One race where we had a little bit of rain and it was not the entire race of its kind of yeah, and it didn't stop anybody or anything like that. Yeah. Exactly. If it's good to go back to active.com one of the questions people get us like there are little nervous. I kept going to a nudist resort and like we've set we've got our settings. On active.com so nobody can see that you've registered. Okay, except for except for us. Yeah, but we never we never share anybody's name we pump we don't we publish the results of the race, but it's only your first name and last initial. Oh, yeah. So we keep you know people's privacy is really carefully protected because there's a lot of people that they come out every year but like they're like, this is so cool. I love it, but I'm not quite ready to go there cops like that like going and doing new file, which is something that we bring up to a lot of people because so - obviously we post our stuff on Instagram and stuff like that. So that's just the road that we decided to take you don't you can be a nudist and just be a newness you'd like. We just nobody and just like just like pictures and stuff. But those are for the actual Runners the runners have the option like if they want they want to buy a picture of them running this race or you know, but we also have red wristbands. So if you do not even know photo make sure you know, because you know, so when we go through the pictures Dom is the one that usually is the one that goes through them and let's say he's got an awesome picture of Blake won't Blake wouldn't be running but sure not just cultural background. There's somebody right next to him with it. I mean definitely has it, you know, so he's going to either blur completely blur out that other person crop him out so that Blake and have this really awesome picture of just him falling down as he's running survey. So we do take that. We seriously like you said, we don't I don't use any of the pictures like on our website advertising our 5K we don't have to do that. Yes for us is just Word of Mouth. She also mentioned like that whole weekend. Everybody's protected. Like we're really like serious about No cameras and like the common areas and the consent for any photo. Yes, and people will get on you if they see you. Yeah just take it and I totally get that. There's like groups of people like they want to do this and that's perfectly fine. But we usually have a specific spot up on our Sunday if you want to get a great show. Shot of you and your group you do but you have the background. Yeah, so there's no worry about getting somebody in the bad guy named ed was wandering around the pool with the camera very particular and there are people out there like there's people who it's mainly most of the God you should wear a membership site and what most of the members will walk around and they see somebody taking photos of correct. Yeah. We'll just yeah, so yeah and like you said, it's really it's really just for the protection of everybody like everybody out the resort so because it's kind of cool because you got like doctors and lawyers and you got you car for everybody and that's what got the hippies Mike. Yeah and your teacher great teacher my fourth grade teacher what I can't when I moved back up here as an adult. Yeah, one of our residents I had known him and we were down here and he was like, oh Becky I want to introduce you to my girlfriend, you know, and I'm looking at it. I'm all she's oh hi. My name is animal. Did your last name used to be Rayburn and she's like, yeah. You were my fourth grade teacher. See what happened to the Beer Barrel one year there were there were two people that like she knew each other showed up and like there was just like awkward. Like what I'm going after me. There's this awkward moment then it's like oh you're here you're here because if somebody's like guess who I saw at the resort there be naked like yeah. Well, would you mind if I see somebody that I know? Yeah. But they're there to yeah, so stop and think about that. Yeah. Yeah, you know think the Judgment just goes back to people are like completely over it. So has your guys is like trying to market for this event. Has it kind of been a lot easier now that you already have like yours so it's like how did you first start marketing this place? Like when you're like, hey like a how hard is it to get people like come on run regular first time. He's like really respect. You said the fruit there were people who are just like wanting to do it, but I think the first couple years Here's what I really focused on was reaching out to running groups. Oh, yeah, there's like lots of running groups and running clubs and a few of them just kind of like grabbed a hold of it and they just and these are the people that are tend to be the like they really, you know, strong Elite Runners and they started like coming and spreading it out among themselves and we do some marketing now, but it's like definitely not how it is. Yeah, not not like, you know used to be just we were just pushing it like All the time. Yeah sending up for us releases and trying to contact anybody and everybody and now you know, so it's it's in a much better place now. Yeah, and I think I think part of what's made it successful and I'll give credit to some of those running clubs is they made it a real race. Yeah. Yeah, there's lots of people that come out and if you want to walk the whole course cool. Yeah, that's great. But we have real competitors. So yeah, I think that I think that gives the race some like real fun too. Well, like you said, it's no longer. The Boston Marathon and then there's also like this cool little race. It's like no it's like the Boston Marathon and it's all the else. Yeah. There's there's there's a group called frontrunners and they have like it's a it's a huge running club, but they have like this Elite thing. They call the Grand Prix but you've got to complete these races and get a certain number of scores and bear borough is now one of them for one of their core races in their Grand Prix of races. So this is like so cool. It's like really like they told me like really like, yeah you've got One of the toughest quite open courses out there. So like we put this out as a challenge to our members also, thank ya very cool. And then a lot of these people I know I've seen like some people it was their first time doing the do actually doing any type of nudist anything who went to just the race just to run they've actually come back before and now they're like they come back over and over again just to come and be naked like she's going like yeah, it's kind of like the one time to like a lot of people come to the resort but like just getting them back. Here, I think it was great. Oh, yeah, but they are seeing people at you only see like once a year, but it's cool like how you bent like and then you get to catch up on a whole years worth of like stories and stuff and most of them because they live not within the yeah. They Town. Yeah. They're like coming from North California. We've got a lot of people from really California last year this tree just like other person is States and even like around the world. Yeah. Who in your something else ad for the the bear Barrel people should come out? Yeah should yeah. So again going to do it April 24th to 26th, April actual 5K is the 26th, but all the fun starts on the 24th. Yeah, definitely highly highly. I didn't know that that was the prices but that's a really good deal. Hmm. I would definitely your tickets now before March March 15 2015, so For you circus one two. Oh, yeah. Yes comes our circus. Yeah, what's gonna come to our circus? Thank you. Marched. Yeah. No, we're having our Cirque du nude party. So carnival games performers or aerial performers fire dancers, whoever else wants to perform. We have magician. We're going to have a party in a circus tent is kind of thing, but it's gonna be awesome. So good times good times and also thank you for everybody keeps reaching out to us for volunteering. Now we have like a shitload of volunteer. So we'll be about you. So we will reply to your emails. We just were like collecting morning Alan. We're applying like sooner and we can all write soon as we can. I promise so awesome guys. Well, thank you so much for listening and we will talk to everybody. I forgot we were on camera. How could you No idea how quickly I was going to say that when you first got started. I show you.