Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car and he showed up. I was just thinking the car. Thank you so much Peter for making that's oh my God Peter. Thank you. I love you forever. Thank you. I just wanted to start with an apology like I would like to sincerely apologize for our when I was talking about Buffy last week. I was talking about how faith became the Slayer because Buffy technically died and that was Kendra Erasure and I just wanted to say that's bad memory on my part again even a she's upset you forgot Kendra. It's a very desperate. Yeah, I take your collar off and this is what you do. It's our chance to escape. You can run around naked and then you hear me out. I'm slightly get that can off this idea. Get her out of here need the power of three the power 3 always ends in the destruction of The Sisterhood. Is there any other things that you would like to say get off your chest apologize for before we get into this episode faylene not apologize fact, I'd like to complain about people in the car. I think that I think that was legit. I really do miss remember that everything different. Oh, okay. So one particular thing what was grinding your gears as looking at the comments of the last one? In this like they're talking about the episode title pretty hairy and they're like like did they think like Clint Eastwood movie Dirty Harry's a Westerner something and that's why they did the Western things like, okay like no. I thought it was the joke was just pretty woman, but we're thinking Harry and what they were thinking Dirty Harry because because Apparently Dirty Harry is what this the the subtitles think is the name of dark Harry. Yeah, as of this episode which was pretty funny Dirty. Harry are just as funny people are like bending know like making this thing up, I guess to say like, yeah, they're dumb. They think Dirty Harry's Lester. It's like we didn't say that. We should have call it called it a Charmed Your Wagon and then it would have fit with the westerns answer here. Yeah, you just did a western joke at the beginning for no reason, right? Yeah. So it was it was nonsense. That's the answer to that question. It was nonsense and it's not like we have the title picked out when we started no. I I particularly like in the comments when people have like a blend of car man jokes and classic Charmed review jokes the thanks Cole bomb has pretty good. Sure. Got a shit ton of that. Yes one, huh? Thanks perk bhama, I guess yeah. Yeah. Thanks Parker. Bhama. Okay, this is awful. I don't want to do this again. Phelan Phelan. Well, we're It again like a charm this eight seasons of this bullshit. We don't need this. Again. It's Groundhog Day on Charmed will according to the to the showrunner for this charm don't like it. Don't watch if you're stupid comments in your pocket is beyond criticism Beyond criticism someone Someone kept while we're just laying it all out here. Someone left a comment on Twitter saying they liked our show. Okay, they did like the the podcast but there was a clear bias go on thinking here the pious and we didn't like season one. So apparently we can't criticize season 2. Yes because I was desperately worried that they're going to pull out a magical baby storyline. Mmm, because like Abigail just wants to like have sex with Harry for like a magical. B and if that's what happens like fuck it works so well in original churned know and then we gonna sleep at me and my kids when we give great story lines like the kids coming from the future like hey, we're just playing next books together in our powers went out and we were like what's up? We should go back in time and see what's going on. One of these days on Charmed rewind we're gonna get to that god-awful from our and it's shit's gonna go down. Dale was that in the finale. It was wait. What's the yeah. Yeah, that's why they both showed up to like help out because all powers were gone. All right. Yeah. Yeah and then like everyone was just like hey, what up? We know we're dead. Whatever great that wasn't the one where the evil. Sorry. Maybe we are mixing things up because I think it was the one where There might have been like an evil imaginary friend of Wyatt's that took his powers away or something and then he showed up just for funsies with with Chris might have been asked hmm. We might be confusing things here. Either way. It was really dumb and time travel is something they should not do because they're bad at it. Whatever episode was is just one where Chris and Wyatt time travel just because I could go postal worker like a done that was his whole Christmas whole Arc was about time travel and then like it was Oh easy afterwards. Like anyone could do it accidentally even just do it on a whim. What's up with that? It's go back in time. Yeah. Sure. Why not? Let's get some food on the way. Well, let's quit talking about bad old Charmed. He's talking about bad new charms. That sounds like bias right there. And it sounds like bias the more things change the more they stay the same. I felt like I was I was time traveling myself back to Old Charmed lots of bullshit happening here. Let's get into it Harry and a very blue lit room has a Kryptonite IV bag. Yeah, it's his foot look poison straight into his veins. He's no sir. He's not Superman. This is dumb. So dumb, there's almost this dumbass like Parker's insulin demon cure that he had to take less. So he's doing this to contact Dirty Harry as the subtitles tell us which makes I don't know this clean Harry, yeah, mr. Clean. Lean lean Dirty Harry's just like I feel like this came up once before neither as a joke in one of the one of the podcasts or maybe there was one of the characters called him Dirty Harry the sounds very familiar to me mmm. But either way that was very funny. I guess good ones pretty hairy. Yeah pretty hairy Orban down the street. Then they slam shut the genie jar on them feel like the return of the bad Charmed One Voice is coming in this episode. Yeah. I'm quite Phoebe ish. Don't like it Maggie and Miller doing some spells in the backyard. They're getting ready to judge for a return to the power of three spell. So Macy's Shows up she comes in and she uses her powers to bring over the sage which is kind of a nice moment. They're all just like enjoying the moment together and Maggie and Mel orbital are proud of Macy for using her powers and and she almost kills herself with a chair because they're vampires are kind of wonky. Yeah, I guess there's been no Twist on Macy's Powers though. Unlike Maggie and Mel's. Yeah, maybe maybe once you get sir demon powers back. She'll she'll have Twist to her. Maybe she's just not quite whole again or something much like Harry. Mmm. Why the hell did you do that? So they start casting this power of three spell to reconstitute it but once again, it doesn't work just Fizzles out. And yeah the trailer one of them, I don't recall who says what we're thinking about the show. We're going backwards. I feel like now now they've all got their powers back for more or less. There is not much of a point to it. We didn't really do anything super interesting with them having lost their power and I mean, yeah just felt like dinking around and then the shows just starting to like do things again. Yeah. I mean one good thing I guess is like that we've depowered Mel a little bit because Being able to freeze time is like too much. I think yeah. Yeah. I mean it was kind of like that on regular charm, but they did have like exceptions to it. So it wasn't always useful. Yeah, but then paper just start blowing things up just like she may have time for this I'll see you to do is wave her hands like slightly and then it's just like fries or explode and she's like cool. I mean that's true. They shouldn't be overpowered which is why they took their powers way to begin with but they shouldn't have been digging around this long and they should have used it for something more interesting than what they did, which was not much. Yeah. I feel like we could have told some more interesting stories in between this and now yeah Maggie thinks that Abigail getting rid of Macy's Powers has something to do with this not working. But Macy's like maybe this is for the best because if we The power of three than the sisterhood's going to be destroyed might not be worth it at all. They think that evil dudes the the Colts or whatever going to send Dirty Harry after them. So clean Harry comes in pretty handy says what pretty hairy right pretty hairy comes in and he goes. Hey, I hear you. Charmed Ones are looking for Dirty Harry dirty hairs away stirring. He's got a Steve's got a snake in his boot. They're like, why did we install the magic spittoon in here Dirty? Harry's been hanging out and clean pretty Harry's been spitting into it. What does he actually say? Oh, he comes in. He say says that is other halfs in danger. So so is he they got to find Dirty Harry before before they both die. Hmm. They all go to the bunker and melon Harry. Or about to go find Dirty Harry. They go to the old monster tube stomping ground, but they've kind of cleared out. So they're just like remnants left there, but nothing's happened in there anymore. Harry starts thinking about the great possibility of him dying his be so great. And he says Tel Macy to enjoy Java. They find some equipment left over from the these experiments that have been happening on these monsters that were That were captured including a big old that a GU with a ghoulie in it seems like it's in a toilet. Yeah, this is the magic septic tank is what we see a shot way or when we just see this like a log looking think what looks like a pile of shit. What was the movie where they put like the candy bar floating in the pool? And it's like a turd you're right. They put a Baby Ruth in there or something. Yeah, it might have been Ferris Bueller's Day Out day off Baby's Day Out whatever. There's Bueller's a baby. Yeah Ferris Bueller's Baby's Day Out editor's note the movie and question is in fact. Check please don't say that the movie they're thinking of is Caddyshack in the comments. This is this problem. It just looks like a mad ball or something. It was so cartoonish looking. It's ridiculous. Ya think. Thank you. Miss speaking. Did I call Clint Eastwood Clint Howard earlier? Not sure if I did if you did Peter please throw in a you gotta try this. Cancel we'll send you the clip if you guys gotta try this. Okay, so milk has a super helpful spell I feel like they use this before I forget for what purpose. But anyway, I spell that they can see what happened in the past in an area that they are in and they see this monster being experimented on and it's killing a bunch of doctors including this lady who just like grabs a phone and stands there like hey, we need some help. Maybe I should have ran I'm an idiot. I can understand if they were locked in a room or if it was like a you know a corded phone for some reason but it wasn't she freaks out a corded phone. Yeah, there was no reason why she shouldn't have been on the Move will show you. Give me the monsters are us takes out and chunky eighty cell phone kapu. There's no reason why she couldn't be on the Move in this year of Our Lord 2020. Mmm. She just this big Warehouse to add it. So they're gonna Warehouse to they are in a very large room. There's no reason why she can't book it in other directions. Do I really want to live? We've tried nothing and we're all out of ideas Mel turns into a Krusty the Clown what the hell is that? Haha, yes. All right. Are we are we just saying things now? You're just quoting things sure. It's just because I was laughed and said yes. Oh, okay, Bazinga. Sure. See figure out that their these people are the ones that are controlling dark Harry or whatever. They're putting all this magic. They're stealing from these magical creatures into one thing but it ends up making this uncontrollable monster. So they need to host to contain all of this magic. They think that it's Dirty Harry. It's for some reason. Yes, yes. Yes, I forget what cell phone they're tracking or something and up tracking a cell phone because of their dad's friend chu chi or choo, choo the train or whatever and then dumped at this building were Dirty Harry might be while they're breaking into this room. There's like some pounding. So they think Dirty Harry's in there. He walked at the call log inside went to somewhere there. Maybe that maybe that was it. Yeah, they said they were like tracking a call. So I just assumed him the cell phone. Maybe they just got the number from the phone and then tracked it that way. I guess it probably was just that whatever they were talking about at the end of their last dad's episode because he gave them the number for chuchi and then to like contact him to track down something. Mmm. Anyway, that's how they end up there and they hear all this banging. So Mel's trying to Break in with her powers while that's going on Harry. Here's this ringing noise which leads him to Harry in a bottle Baby Gotta rub him the wrong way honey, because apparently doing split screen and stuff is too hard for them. So he's in a bottle like just off-screen Dirty Harry's been shoved into a bottle like yeah. He's in a hairy Bottle Pop Harry Bottle Pop everyone remembers those right? It just comes across like so we had to do it because I don't know lazy or we just can't be bothered to put to Harry's on the screen at the same time because we don't see it and it just seems out of nowhere because like last we saw was him talking do it. Other self. I mean he said he was in danger. So maybe putting it in there in the bottle made him more vulnerable. And yeah, but it could have been a scene in this episode instead of just oh, he's in a bottle again, I guess. Yeah, I guess that's sort of their right continuing theme of exciting things happen off-screen. Yeah. So if he's in there that means whatever is banging on the door is not him so they accidentally let out a smoke monster onto the island. And don't know don't you ever tell me what I can't do the smoke monster yoinks the bottle and it's going to break it which is hurting Harry. But that's until they give a Mel Mel attacks. Um, yeah, I don't know if it's a true give a Mel. She didn't I don't know what it is power. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure what she was doing this till overheating him or something. Can she overheat things she can burn and freeze things. Right. Okay suggest she's doing that burning the smoke monster. Does that hurt smoke? I don't know. I guess I don't know. I mean, I guess there is a huge a dead person underneath all the smoke is what we find out after right. He was the corpse that they got at the the Jordan Maggie who's candy Club. Yeah that was raised from sure to zombies. That's what we're dealing. Yeah. I don't know if this was a true gives a milk. Cuz I think giving am L is like a kick to the face, right? Yeah, but we just hadn't broken that one out in a while. I just wanted to have a male based upon. I feel Mel's been neglected lately. No least had this plot with Harry which I guess is the best plot line of this episode. Yeah. Hmm, there was a mix everyone was spread out spread out real thin mmm. But I mean Ellen Harry stayed together for the majority of it. That's true. It was kind of silly though because it's like at the very beginning they're all walking together to the stupid bunker and they're like, yeah looking around with no one sees us wiping into the maintenance closet or whatever and then just Harry and Mel teleport away and it's like well, why can't they all just or Been to the bunker in the first place instead of walking there. Is there some sort of protection that stops them from orbing into it. I don't think any more about of it right as I swear. He's orbed out of it. So I don't know. I don't know. Yeah doesn't really make a lot of sense the smoke monster dies, but was he ever really alive? He was a reanimated corpse. They they rescue the bottle lives don't matter don't I feel like that's a topic they would have done in the season one. Yeah, but maybe not now they would have done it clunky though. Yeah, it would have been a little bit she warned but it would have at least they would have been trying which I don't feel like they're doing a lot of lately. So the reanimating the dead for some reason so this is not the only corpse that they're reanimating. I am so that's going on. Meanwhile Maggie and Macey fine. Spell book is a spell in the book of Elders that they can adapt to split the Harry's but they need the power of three to do that. So Maggie says they got to go to Abigail and reverse what she did to Maci and also get that that knife back. So Macy asks, if it's about the knife and not Parker you sure it's not about Parker called that a knife. This is a knife. It's not that's a spoon. It's a butter knife. Not the magic butter knife. This is a knife. That's not a knife. That's a spoon. All right. All right, you win. I'll see you plied knifey spoony before this whole stinky Parker attitude. I don't like it not like the stinky Parker. I'd you know, especially don't like it for Macy because Macy of all people should be the one that's like I get it finale last season was about her not being in a right. Mind she and Parker she and Parker are both part human part demon, or at least she was she's not anymore. But I mean regardless like maybe this is her projecting a little bit but it shouldn't be all of the sisters. I think Technically she's still be part demon, right? She just doesn't ever demon power because I don't think that's true. I guess. Yeah. She was just turning into a demon last season. That's why she couldn't feel things because of the demon blood things. So I guess she's still part demon. She just doesn't have the powers. Yeah. I mean either way and it's still she should relate. Yeah, she should know that makes you not automatically predisposed to evil. Mmm. She should be the one fighting for him. But instead she's like the one that heading the whole like he's the one that did all this stuff and he's evil and blah blah blah and completely ignoring the Apple stuff. It's just it's just cold all over again. I feel like I'm just a broken record at this point. Yeah. It's so dumb. You can't be like, oh, yeah, but partly you did that and it's Okay. Well partly Macy did what she did partly anytime you guys are under an influence of something that was you. So I guess none of you should ever be forgiven. Yeah, like it if they had had Macy doing this and then one of the other characters are like so are you sure that this is about Parker and not about like self-loathing about like something like guilt feeling about your own actions. Like she's projecting that could be something but all of them are acting like he just did this on his own in there was no other outside forces. Is involved which is ridiculous because that happens to them all the time. It's like if you wanted that to be the story then you shouldn't have written it this way because it wasn't the story. Yeah, it was he was tricked by the stupid person that they keep teaming up with ya. This is exactly like the the colon and he'll Ark were there just like, you know, we'd like to rescue you but we got to think about ourselves now, you know, we just can't be bothered to get off our asses and they're like, you know Parker's stuck in this dungeon people think that he's dead and he's being tortured or whatever but this is wherever truces at with Abigail we get really got to be thinking of ourselves right now. Yeah, shut up. He's say that pretty much there's a lady out of all the demons have to think Parker's dead still or our truce with the demons will end. So let's just leave them there to rot because we're shitty people. I guess it took original Charmed Four Seasons to get to this point where we were pretty here. You it's pretty gross. It's like like whatever you want to think is stupid Parker guitar. They're pretty reprehensible for just going along with this and continuing to placate the stupid Abigail shit like We complain about it every episode. But this time she proves blatantly in front of Maggie that she's still evil. It's not on their side and they're still acting like yeah, it's a good thing. She's on our side. Abigail Crowley is the worst Yes, Albert Road you who the time? Yeah funny about time. We're just completely shocked at this inevitable betrayal. Okay. So Maggie goes to the magic shop to get some stuff that they're low on in some Rando is running it. Yeah. She just throws out like a random lying about Mel hiring her. That's a guess. We're all we're going to get why do we have the story of it being given to mail if they're not going there? Yeah, the smacks of rewrite Hasty recently. Yeah like this why why does the show never commit to anything? And then when they do have a follow through to something it's always lame or one line or brushed aside. Like what is the payoff to anything in the show? Yeah, pretty much nothing. Oh, yeah. I wrote next return of Jordan you Jordan's Back annoying too because it seems like they're splitting them up again. But least Macy and Mel or teamed up in this is like Nana. Anyway mellor that Macy and Maggie. Yeah, and then Maggie goes off with stupid Jordans. I okay cool that this split them up even further all of the sisters have their own plot going on. Hmm. There's some terrible infuriating dialogue going on with Jordan and Maggie. They're About like he wants to help out with whatever they're doing to balance the scales of Justice. Whatever gung-ho about it and Maggie's like are you ever a jerk only when people steal my first aid kit. So this had to have been written after people were giving the show shit for that stupid first aid kit bit, huh for his like bizarre character Arc. I do find it funny. They're making fun of that. But the whole like pretending Jordans a nice guy the whole nice guy Jordan thing. No, let's not. There's like a whole bunch of things rather wear it what is what happening with his girlfriend? They have still not gone back to that. So it's just gonna say they have strong hints about this Jordan Maggie romance again in this one yet. There's still no mention of his current girlfriend. Just like not even one line. Nothing have them and is damn relationship. Are you ever a nice guy? No, never. Yeah. I'm currently streaming. My girlfriend well, I'm flirting around with you. So no, I'm not I'm horrible horrible idiot and then car man comes in and goes like Oh, someone say idiots. I've got something to rev this plot line up. Oh, no, he crashed into the magic shop and completely destroyed it from Canon. Next time motivators. That won't be a next time man. I miss vampires after this general motor. I'll get you it splits into a third plot a third plot. So Jordan Maggie go to Abigail and Jordan just tells Abigail everything about his curse. What is it about Abigail that makes everyone want to open up to her about everything. Life, why is it? Oh, no, is it supposed to be amusing to us that Abigail hits on everything? No, it's pretty gross. I did laugh at Jordan looking terrified at the pure Sexual Energy coming from her though. Yeah. It was kind of funny Maggie takes off while he's distracting her. I think that's why they talk about the curse that like as a distraction. And so Abigail's like I can help you with this curse. She gives him this book that has a list of witches that have a demon hits on them. It's so he can like help them and get rid of his curse and she'll give them the names only if he says why they're really there and I guess she's giving him the influencer potion or something. She mentioned something about an influencer potion. And I think she uses some of her demon mind reading powers. She can't get into people's minds right? I don't know she doesn't do it right here. She As I think she has to it's like a Vulcan mind meld though. I think she has to like touch them to do it. Like she did it with Harry before. Yeah, I think he had to be willing to maybe for that. It's Vulcan mind melt gotta we gotta let them in my mind to your mind. You know, the dumbest thing here is though like Abigail goes. I know that Maggie told you that Parker's alive and I can't have anyone knowing that was stupid toward look. Whoop workers. Look Abigail you suck at this the worst demon owe her a big secret. No, I'd better find out. Hey, you you know that Parker still being alive. Don't you? What who's Parker? You must die. I sure hope nobody finds out my terrible Secrets. Oh no way, sir. Hold him in the paper this Abigail Parker alive. Sure. Hope the demons don't find out I'm gonna have to kill you if you read this Eric when she started her Dear Abby articles say, yeah, I don't know what I find more incredulous that or her telling Jordan that he has nice eyes and he sweet. I don't think so. Jordan's a nice guy Milady tip of the Fedora to you. Mmm. Okay, so so Maggie goes to take a call, but that's really her. Just yeah, I just want a Mitchell a avigail like tell someone to Trail her because she doesn't know worry. Yeah, sure everybody Tori. I don't want them getting into my easily found Secrets what classed just cast a spell on Tori and easily get in there. I would never want that you neon sign? Pointing to Secrets clack cabinet Mmm Yeah Yeah, it's like you can never tell if she's purposefully leading someone there or the show is just that bad or she's just that bad of an actress like in character not the the actress actress, but you know Abigail there's just that dumb. Yeah. I just I just don't you you can never tell and I don't I think the shows like I don't know which one works better for you if it's that then that's what Men, yeah, we're just kidding unless you like it. No one likes anything to do with applicants. I wanted to know what was up with Tori Tori seem pretty cool. She got she gets a spell cast on her and Maggie's like hey, why don't you take me down to the dungeon? She's like, all right, cool. Yeah cool. He's man she goes down there and she's looking for the dagger and she finds Parker there and just like oh by the way like and then we have a lot of thanks Parker bhama. It's just all the same. It's all the same bullshit. Yes, he's goes like that wasn't me. She could put it with you. Of course. He has to be like, oh man. Still help you even though you're being horrible and want me to die in this dungeon to help that monster. It was the same thing with coal to he would just be like anyway, I just want to help and they be like that's just like you to help isn't it? Yeah, he's out Parker's found. Yeah. Fuck you for helping but do it. Yeah like God, why why I've all the things take from original charm. Don't do this. Don't do this. They can't believe they went exactly down that route. Loud, it's like almost get married then sudden. No, it was all his fault and he can die be tormented forever. But do we have evidence that this new showrunner is not Brad Kern and disguise. He takes his mask on me and him. Don't get up. I just defined in the supplies up because I'm a private detective Gene parmesan. How are you him and his wife take their masks off and then they emerge into one. Yeah being and it was Fred Kurt all along. It was me Austin. It was me. My son of a bitch. Look Charmed fans didn't even like this, you know, like I realized we got the by bias got the antique charm bias, but look even people who are super Charmed fans did not like the storyline. Why are we doing this again? But Auntie shitty story. We just want a good show. Yeah, that's not what we're getting. Yeah. Well don't make them like, it just makes them look like careful people. They're just yeah spiteful vengeful things that ignore the fact they've had the same things happen to them. Just like no but this time we don't like this guy anymore, I guess so it's his fault, even though it wasn't even according to the damn story. So you can like this make any sense to do this. I think right now the only likeable character we got is Mel Mel Mel has somehow turned around on things. It's like she's not angry all the time. She's got and she's got her stupid rules that are inconsistent, but for the most part, Like she's not like torturing people or in Greedy dark Harry story lines or fucking over people for no reason seems motivated to do some good. She didn't come down to the dungeon and say hi smells like white privilege down here. Yeah. Yes. I'm literally being tortured right now Mal just like you want he's being tortured and then all of Ruby's roommates come in like, you know the big game Just turn the volume up. It's like at least get some Doritos guys man. Nope block his view from the TV to say. Yeah Parker tells her where the dagger is. He's being very helpful for knowing that she's just gonna fuck him over and leave him there and she at right says that's what she's gonna do. That's when Abigail shows up with Jordan more muffins, so I did like that. He's like he tells her where the dagger is. He's like second pipe to the right and straight on till morning him and all the other Lost Boys in the dungeon poor baby boy Abigail is trying to turn Jordan and Maggie against each other. She's like Maggie wanted to strip par quipus powers and use it use Jordan to get you there use you to get again. In there and Maggie's like that's not true. Here's exactly what we were doing and exactly what's going on. Haha. Idiot. This is again Abigail coming in the car. I know what's up if you wanted to run off with Parker. No. Oh second time in this episode. She's a biggie. Yeah, but she just says that so that they'll say what they're really doing and that's what she does you sure. It seems like she really thought that was what it was. No, she's just trying to turn like I think she was like that reverse psychology thing, you know, like tell them one thing and then they'll tell you the net and the next thing like no, you're an idiot. Actually we were trying to get the dagger to reverse the mace thing. You did to Maci stupid. I don't know I write it like she really thought that's what it was. It seems like she was genuinely surprised like, oh, is that it and in the writers room there like which story did you like better? Plausible. Maybe she was dumb. Who knows? What do you think? Huh? But Abigail's like I didn't do anything to Maci. So yeah, it's her of the I didn't do it girl do it girl is me. I can do it woman, whatever happened to women supporting women idiots. So they leave Parker in the dungeon to die by yeah. You remember enjoy? Maggie was almost going to marry this guy a little bit again utter indifference to him. What the fuck terrible. What a horrible. Yeah. See ya Jordan Maggie talked for a little bit at safe space and it sounds exactly like Phoebe's dialogue like, you know, it really sucks because the wound was reopened. Well, who cares about Parker because this is our about me anyway, even during the wrap-up. It's like Mel's. When Maggie over having did seen Parker, it's still right. Oh poor Maggie. You had better get him being tortured down. Yeah down to them all sitting in their pajamas being dumb fucks who couldn't care less? Yeah. He said I'm in need of a guilt remove her spell, but we're doing it for a bad cause to keep that horrible Abigail and power don't know what the fuck they're doing. It's so frustrating nonsense. Yeah, he won't talk about car man like to come and meet us, but he's just a fucking cock. Hello, man is back and he's got back from Barcelona. Yeah, he shows up. When Macy is she's trying to figure out this spell the spell to separates both the Harry's so she's sciencing some spells, you know use the back off. I'm a scientist some eggs and he come yeah his it doesn't work. So she's just playing with eggs and safe space. Yeah, they just do spells out and save space now. Yes, she's just doing like the kitchen of a restaurant in there. It's like why is she allowed to do that? She doesn't work there. No. Yeah, Maggie. Sarah but not know who is there at the time she just goes in there. No one's working it. I know it's really funny. They were looking around like someone might see them going into the Supply Closet to their Chamber of Secrets earlier because like no one seems to care about anything in this place. I'm just gonna go behind the bar make myself a drink quiddity. Who cares? I'm 12. Yeah, why do they act like, this is a plot point they could lose access to their bunker if they can't have their key cards and Only you can just wander around unsupervised in any of the places. Yeah, there are two of the sisters work there and Macy is not one of them Maggie or Mel could have done this Nelson. I mean he does but apparently she's passed it off to miss no name in the background. Why did Maggie have to buy anything when Mel works there surely are she's just running it for cat or does she own it now? She just runs it. Right. So it's whatever whatever deal like it better that way. What do you think audience? Phone in with your cord your corded phones. Uh, but yeah, she gets a call from from car man asking for a date and she says she's on a deadline but then ah, he's right there and she's sitting there with the eggs like oh which was pretty funny. Actually. I like to reaction. Yeah, he's like eggscellent. He does say egg spearmint. So he goes, oh, by the way, I have a new villain Egghead. He fell into a vat of raw eggs, and she said you're tough one to crack. She says boys egg on my face. Well, of course, I'd man is no match for it the Walker don't egg him on and of course nice guy Jordan likes to nag. No, what's this stuff here playing the Rocky theme as he's taken to a hospital. I did I hope the witch. Is he didn't car man's like idiot. I'm the one that's helping. What a loser. Did you did you did you have a question in the end? And then Jordan falls down Springfield car man, lightly Taps ambulance and then explodes. Yeah, so Macy says I'm stuck on an experiment and he says an egg spearmint which might be the most I've liked to Julian. I don't know. I think our man's like I'm a scientist. Yeah, he's a scientist. She said she's helping a sick friend. She's be dodging around. You know what it actually is and he's looking at her notes or whatever and he's like, oh, this is Bells inequality theorem. I know quantum mechanics, I can help dude as if this is just a normal thing. To mechanics to help someone who's sick or something and they get some coffee and they start talking about it. She's like I'm trying to separate the dark in the light cells and he still thinks this has to do with is just a sick person or and he's like this sounds like absurd bullshit. You want to work on my science team site. Wow, it's Macy actually gonna do science again. This was all like this would put like the worst Star Trek technobabble to shame. Like them trying to pretend this has any basis. It's ridiculous the lengths they go to to the Pretend This like leads to something sciency like at one point. He has a souffle delivered you from like a French pop up his friend owns and he's talking about like sugar and cream or something and then this makes me think of as motor oil. She's like motor oil that gives me an idea. It's something about Emulsion or something some science term, which gives may see a revelation about the spell. It's all ridiculous. Yeah, it gives her the idea of instead of completely separating pretty and Dirty Harry. What if you merge them, you know kind of like that idea they already talked about with that other white later and dark later. Yeah. I don't know why. They didn't come up before now. Yeah, they bring up some good points later about it, which should have came up anyway, but they're acting like this was new. Hmm. So when she tells Harry about this, she's like, I don't know if I recommend this but it's your life. So you should know about it. So no secrets which is good wife. Go ahead. Do whatever the hell you want go wild, but they need the Talisman to get evil Harry out of the Dirty Harry. Excuse me to get Dirty Harry. The bottle and they don't know who would be in control if the Harry's are merged. Maybe another none of them would be in control. Maybe it's a tuvix situation then Austin Carlson January to separate them against their will noted. Justice for two Vic's which we call merged emerged Harry's herricks x2v. Yeah, Macy's like I don't want to lose you but I don't want to hide this from you. Like this is your choice and he's like look, I just want my friend back. They have a friendship hug. I thought this was a pretty good scene overall. Yeah, that was nice and not them being mopey idiots. they're actually talking about stuff it didn't seem overly gritty but it wasn't like being Superfluous either that's you know I think people think like oh if you don't want it to be gritty you want to be goofy it's like no I mean you don't have to be just like dark all the time it's tell a story is real for people yeah this has been the best hair you may see seen in a while yeah it's nice that they no secrets no throwing shade at each other no Abigail bullshit to just prolong things they didn't seem like idiots they were just they had an open dialogue and they know they didn't really come to a conclusion either what they're going to do it's just you know this is the possibilities I guess yeah there's a big bad meeting happening at a big table and it's Aunt Vivian and Vivian's returned Carmen has been betrayed why did you say that name I vote we kick car man out of his own company and you know cause you could you could you could you call me Aunt that van vbn She soaks them with water and all this Mountain Dew boxes get all warped. I can't move. I'm resting. Oh she fixes him with a Car Bomb. He stalls. Um, so yeah, they're saying that magic is threatening their existence and only they can save the world. So apparently this is this the same group that had to do with stealing the magic powers or this is a separate group. Just meeting in secret in the shadows plotting something. I think it's the same group. which one do you like audience are there two groups is it science group versus magic group is it I feel like they were trying to they're trying to steal magic though so maybe they are trying to figure out how to just get rid of it and use one super thing to get to attack the rest of the magic or just steal power so there's no magic left I don't know yeah well either way dun dun dun what do you feel about this episode Falen pretty bad the Parker stuff is quite troubling since it's already been done poorly we don't need to do it again yeah the one bright spot I suppose is pretty hairy he's character seems slightly less Mopey in this episode The him and Mel plot was wasn't great. But it was okay. It's like a passable thing sort of not great. It was something and you know that Harry may see scene was nice after how garbage they've been together lately Mmm Yeah, that is quite stupid. But Carmen's Backson. Yeah, I agree with everything that you've said the Maggie plot was the worst the other two or serviceable and moving in directions that are is good because we need to move forward with some stuff and the Abigail stuff. I don't like Abigail and she's frustrating but it wasn't just people being idiots in the Harry storyline. So that was more tolerable. I felt yeah. I wish there are some better action, I guess in their plots. The one thing that would make that more fun I suppose because all they do is see that dumb smoke monster than Melbourne's am I guess if that's what happened. I would like to get back to fun magic stuff instead of every episode feeling like a link in a very boring chain. Like it doesn't feel like yeah individual episodes are all that interesting. It's just sort of plots moving into Actions that are either passable or infuriating the show seems to act like there's a lot more Intrigue behind some of these Mysteries or something. There's not there's no real Intrigue and anything right now. It's just plodding along. It's like okay, if you're not going to have anything really interesting Intrigue lies have some action in them do that either. That's very true. Yeah. Well and also when you have ongoing plot threads it helps to have other things going on other than pieces. As of that plot thread just talking about it. Mmm because there's a lot of just talking about things and then they have a revelation and then they talk about things some more and then they're like what happened here? I don't know when I was talking to so and so I found out about this and then the like not a lot of actual things happening. Yeah, Abigail needs to be thrown into a magic trash compactor ASAP. Yeah. I can't stand listening to her talk the smuggied smugness. It's the Crowley thing you yeah just I hate all the main characters are idiots like the fact Maggie didn't go back and say yo Abigail like straight-up threatened me I don't think I think we need to remove her and the fact that didn't happen all they're doing was sitting around consoling her that she had to look at Parker's dumb face but yeah those are the real bad thing wasn't it wasn't Miss I'm even I'm gonna kill you the one thing I did like about the the Maggie plot was her snakeskin trench coat and and Abigail's black shirt with the sparkly gold and piping on it or Pinstripes that's it fashion fashion all right well that's it that's it for this week if you guys enjoyed our podcast appreciate it if you liked subscribe to reviewed on whatever platform you're enjoying this on Find us at anchor dot. F m-- in audio form under Charmed rewind or Charmed Hard with a Vengeance. You can find us on YouTube youtube.com slash movie Nights the series or youtube.com phallus or you could support us on patreon get see videos ahead of time or participate in polls or other good stuff like that. You can find my stuff at patreon.com slash movie nights or phelim's under patreon.com slash fayliss. Thanks to Peter. Eater Hunter for the editing and the amazing car Man theme song. You can find him on Twitter at pre-tour Hunter. What are the hashtags tag? Magic septic tank? Hashtag Pretty Dirty Harry. - tell her man returns hashtag car man forever yes hashtag the car night that's it I'll see you charmander's next time on car man begins