Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist.I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I play Reuben Glaser a harpoon, which is a dog race are and get used to that. Oh, yeah, that's it. I already know this going to be a running gag. So there's no recap to do because this is our first episode ever, but we're going to start off actually atZemus, which is a system in the Concordia sub-sector of space. We're going to be on the Spaceport are Admiral Cain Reuben Glaser and jatis are going to be over two together because they have a history previous Adventures. They've been on during their term because I like nervous to make a sound like a rap sheet. The way you said yes to I've got the mug photos and stuff to we can post those are nice. But our other character Tucson is not he will be with us. His later so you guys are on the Spaceport already, which is a pretty decent one because as we know the third Imperium has for various political reasons pumped a lot of funds into getting this thing heavily colonized you've been booked passage going to Eureka because that is where Admiral Cain has decided to build his spaceship with the help of Reuben and all the extra scriptures. He brings to the table you reek of those is going to be about a three or four week Journey on this Tenderfoot, which is a subsidized Captain by mail on so if you guys want to know some stats on a subsidized line or let me pull that real quick just an idea what you're on that would be good because I think what you guys have built as a free Trader right are far greater free Trader, I think. I believe it was the free Trader. I think you're right. Although it costs a lot of money. So it was not great fact. We just have shares in it. We don't even own it. So I thought it would be super easy to there it is right there. So this guy is a big one for the tons. Let's get a jump three engine which is pretty significant and it's 240 whole points. It's got standard State rooms for 30 people. Well, that's nice. Yeah, and it's got low birth for 20 people. So mine is got a crew adding six. Yeah, so it can carry 44 people. I'm assuming we procured normal State rooms. Yes, you did you procured normal. It's dead room the 600 tons. There it is. Yeah and to give you an idea of your free Trader I think is like hundred pretty sure Yeah, looking through a book. Yeah 200 tons. So it's approximately 300 times bigger than your ship. Wow. Yeah, it's a big ship. Right? But the advantage of has the jump through drive so we can get you pretty far. So as you're approaching through the ports here, there's actually a number of other passengers are boarding the ship and the captain is actually their greeting everybody as they come on. Perfect. Yeah, we'll walk up to Captain mail on I'm the Tenderfoot. We are boarding the shipper were already on the ship. You're boarding the ship. Okay. Yeah, you're in the dock area and you're coming around into the dock. If since we have a military equipment, we need to check it with the ship's Purser or the captain. So any equipment like that you had will say that you already had arranged to have it delivered to have it loaded up a you okay like that that equipment is illegal to bring out but it's like if you keep it in stores they get it. Sports are actually not. Behold into the law level of the planet, right so you can bring stuff in cargo boxes. And as long as it stays locked up, that's okay. Seriously. This is a small oval for so no light assault weapons that kind of stuff. Yeah. I've got a millet piece of military hardware. So it needs to be secured. Yeah, and then you could have already had that arranged to be delivered. That's pretty good be waiting for you. If you want to have said you did that that is going to advance. Okay. So yeah, so that will go for anybody's I have an archaic weapon. I have a crossbow. Would I have to ship that ahead of time it's tech level 4 so you can have pistols shotguns. You can't have light assault weapons or submachine guns. So that's definitely so I'm going to say that your crossbow because it's got the range of like a that was it was like a musket loading rifle, right? Yes, which is illegal to carry right here. So then yeah, we're going to say gee it's good. I mean, it's one revoltech level 3 is what it was. Yeah, we'll say it's ok to carry. All right. Yeah, but I mean other people Current pixels around and if you get in a fight, you're probably actually on the low underpowered. Yeah, because got you. Okay cool. It may do decent amount of damage. But the pistol truck and I went out and jadus my character. He has a staff that he carries around but he cares it for religious reasons because he was a chaplain when he was in the military, but he also knows that a use it as a weapon. So duh. Also, it's 10 foot long so he can probe. For traps, are you going to be duct tape to the outside of the ship's Hull? Yeah yourself out there and that asteroid check that it blows up. It was awesome. Do you guys want to describe what you look like? Yeah. Sure. Go for it. I don't know what her Coon look like. Are they large? They human-sized are they? Oh, there's a picture in the book if you use that species as a reference. I mean, I'm a werewolf kind of a walk on my legs kind of yeah, like they're not like weirdly deformed and far as not quite as big as a human terms of height descended from canine. Hey, what kind of canine are you like a Pit Bull or you like a doberman or you like a husky? I'm husky like a chihuahua a chihuahua. Ruben here's a picture. So it's part of why they're not as tall as humans is because you know, they're pumped over a little bit like a blue husky. Yeah, that's pretty cool. Yeah, you don't have to look just like that guy or you could you should you should you should say yes, I am bipedal, but I do have kind of paused but I've developed opposable thumbs. It looks like and dexterity so I can use my my Hands much like a human does do you have blue fur like him? I think I do. I think that kind of cooling relief for with a little bit of a white like the Watertown nice so slightly smaller 53 on page 53 is another page 0. Yeah. So yeah, so maybe like dwarf size compared to if we're talking D&D hotdogs. Are you like four foot six or something? No. No you ever to my think here is what 6-foot? Yeah, so about five foot shoulders is it's probably like Five foot two I don't like that. Alright, that works. Yeah, and for those who aren't able to see what was happening Stan was holding up a book with a kind of a reference picture of sizes and shapes of the various species of that is Ruben Glazier the Harpoon excellent we go. Yes, so I'm Admiral Cain and Admiral Cain is about six foot two more of a thin build. He's got gray here a Gray beard and very bright green eyes there. Real obvious and kind of a striking feature. He has a Tremor handshake and his right hand and he tries to cover it up, but he has a slight shaking his hand and we're not so sure as to why but that's basically what Admiral Cain looks like. Nice Tucson's not there. So yeah. All right in prison. Yeah, you know, who knows what he looks like. It's all actually gag on Bailey. We've invited Bailey to be a part of the podcast, but he's not actually in the game. All right. I'm just really stressed Observer. So Janice Janice Gant, he is 34 years old and he has a military background, but he also became a chaplain while he was in the military. There was some of the horrors of war that he saw early on that the led him on a spiritual journey. So he he's average height Brown kind of semi curly hair blue eyes. He Lee even though underneath his robes, he wears a civilian clothes usually wears a religious tunic over the top of that and he has a hood that sometimes if you wants to be particularly mysterious or pensive Google toss the hood over his head and he carries around a staff so usually looks like a religious figure but he can you know, daf the robe in a hurry if he wants to be turned into his civilian. Right on. So as you approach you get in line people in front of you go past and Captain malins there. Oh, yeah Captain mail on do I know Captain Milan from Naval service or by reputation or is this someone that we've never met before roll to D6? Will it be random? That sounds good. We got a six. All right. You don't know him. Okay, awesome. So all a step-up say captain me on it's an honor and a privilege to be on your vessel. I'm excited about passage. Is there anything? That your crew needs assistance with or perhaps we could help with I tend to get bored without something to do. So if there's anything you need we'd be glad to assist you. Just Smiles is when you are quite the energetic individual aren't you? So as well. I'm my name is Kane and very excited to help if we could and this is my good friend Ruben here and a Jadis as well Camilla. It's a pleasure. We don't get a lot of you around here. I was raised in a human household and I practically feel like I'm human myself. I realized that I look quite different from everyone else. I'm not worried about her. I have a couple good friends are remember your species haven't seen him in a while, but they're traitors and you know that goes it was honored to fly with you on your ship. Wow. I got to say I've never run into this many people this excited to be on my ship but I like it. I like it a lot. I kind of fully staffed though, so I don't really have a need for it the moment perhaps you have a commissary. On board where we might get occasional supplies of all we do that we'll get a commissary and you guys are all booked for stateroom. So you don't have to sleep the whole trip. There is a particular Harpoon hair gel that flees away. Do you happen to stock that in the commissary? Or perhaps a roll the dice and we're going to find out perhaps a collar of some kind no, unfortunately, I don't I don't expect you to most places don't have it. But I had my hopes up. So we go back to the Spaceport to see if we can procure that for you. Good good we have well we have enough to last me to the moon for the journey that is important. Remember the time when Epsilon 7. Well you had to bring up that July we will speak of it no more. You guys have a lot of history, don't you? Well, we've been friends for quite some time rap sheet. Out of game you didn't actually introduce yourself as the Admiral didn't know I didn't know. Okay. I know I just I just said I'm a cane I'm Gonna Roll to see if he recognizes your name because you're you're kind of a big deal around here. Well, I got a book boom Oh roll 12, so he knows you might have read my book. Yeah, so he kind of looks like you said Kate right? Yes, sir. Are you that Admiral Cain the one that wrote wrote that Espionage and counterespionage book I actually was That was a good read. Well, I'm glad I mean I've never had to do any of that stuff, but I like it. You read the book. I did. Do you remember him talking about a dog like friend of his who helped him was on some of the missions. I did. I was you. Yeah. That was me. That was me. I was that's Ruben. Yeah, bona fide celebrities on board. Oh, yeah that's will be signing signature and signing autographs later on fantastic. I think I might have my copy of the book. I'm kind of old-fashioned. I like hard copies work. I know exactly how you feel. And I feel the same way. I actually have about 10. He copies if you'd like to see one. Well, I think I'll just see where mine that's fine. That's fine. It's very good to meet you and they're like I said, there's anything we can do to assist or help in any way shape or form were glad to assist. Well. What do you good at besides admirably. I'm your pilot writer friend. Jatis. I'm good at things that I can't talk about because they're all secret there. Well, uh, you know, I heard of me because I was so secret. I wasn't even in the book. You know, I was the one I never found out about any kind of patch patch on the shoulder. I got I believe you I believe you he's like, so you had a couple packages shipped about 30 minutes ago. Oh God, here's the receipts forum. And if you want them, they're down to the locker space. Did we expect a shipment other game? Yeah your stuff. Oh good. No. Thanks so much. No in terms of in terms of skills. I'm trained with this. Our operations am also quite skilled as a pilot if you need any assistance and also a good Navigator and you'll find a cage that can give a good inspirational speech and that tends to help the crew but only if needed. Alright, well, hopefully we won't need it. I mean, we're just going to Eureka it's not a terribly difficult dangerous jump. Yep, but lunch is served in about 45 minutes or so and the commissary. Yes. I'm hungry fellas. This is hungry. I've been fasting so I'm hungry. 300 well since the last since breakfast, I'm fond of the food, but hey, maybe I just got used to it and I don't know better. But you guys can head over there now or you can go to your rooms or whatever except in one question on our jumps. Are we going to be able to stop at any of the space ports along the way are we going to be just skimming gas giants and continuing on So the first one we're going to have a look at the map again. I was out again and remember. Are we going where we going to dinner control turquoise to the ants? Yeah. So, um, we're going to our first jumps the ants are scooped up some stuff off the gas giant there then go over to the cloudiest and then down to Essa and then over to Eureka. Oh gotcha. So cloudy. This is a nice space port. Mmm. So those SS yeah, there's a couple people getting often cloudiest. So we'll stop there briefly. Yeah, I wouldn't mind having the ability to do some trading their if we get the Claudia so I would be great. There's some items. I might want to procure. Yeah. Well usually when we go in a system like that with our for about A couple of days to get into the plane and a couple couple days there and then a couple of days to get out to jump space again. So that's great. They'll have some of that hair gel there. Well, I wouldn't know. Yes, it's need. Yeah. It's a minute that I believe in I believe you. So yeah, I mean, that's the route we're going not complicated. Perfect. Well, I'm tired. I'd like to check out my room just rest up a bit and then grab some dinner sure can if you need anything you talk to buzz. He's kind. He's our Steward. Oh good lesbos. Yeah, I mean, it's not his real name, obviously, but if he feels like telling the story is he missing here. No, it's not actually a little bit of exercise. Are you can use if you want to make yourself at home. Thank you we welcome welcome. I'll see you on board. Goodbye hardy har jeg can head out. So you guys head in your allowed into the cargo bay to verify that your items are there it all stays in the cargo bay. Yeah, I'm good. Mostly because they don't want people running around they're shipping like power armor or heavy plasma guns. It's usually not most people's idea of an enjoyable trip super uptight. Yeah, if you guys who's all going to go to lunch. Yeah, I'll go if you're going to go eat all go through. He's a someone else try. Well as I am going to lunch good chance to meet people to so very shortly after you guys get on board. There's only like a couple people behind you the ship goes through its you know, disembarking procedure and Maneuvers around and starts heading out to a safe distance for jump because the jump drive you have to be away from any intense gravity Wells otherwise weird stuff happens. It would be bad Sarah. It's like a couple days generally, so when you jump into a system you On staying at your there for roughly a week. It's a few days you jump in at a safe distance from a gravity well few days into the station you're there for a couple of days resupplying or whatnot a few days back out to jump distance and then you jump so you got a couple of days before you get out there. So when you head into lunch pretty much everybody's there and they're all standard fare tourist how many how many passengers like 10 of us or no? It's there's the actual Oberstar awful. So 20 people frozen and you got 24 people including you guys you're part of the 24 roaming around. Oh 24 people there's room for 30 and there's six crew members. Okay. Nice. Yeah, I'll look around. Yeah, it's backed out. But this again zemus is a pretty so bustling tree has we go into the cafeteria and we're going through the whatever the standard cafeteria if we place an order or in line. Just looking around they have they have a cup like a cook. I said cup never cook. Yeah, he has like pre like, you know, so doing burgers for lunch and I can train you kind of go up. So anyways, we're doing that. I'm just kind of scan through the the room at the tables and just kind of Impressions that I see from check checking out the room. So you come in there and it's pretty full. They're maybe not all 24 passenger in there, but maybe 18 19 or so and everything looks pretty standard run-of-the-mill Fair except there's one table with one person sitting at it. Or which is everybody Whiskey in the room or they all humans. Are there any as Lenore of arguers other than our good friend Reuben on this particular Journey. The only non-human is Reuben. Okay, but no one seems to like they see you guys come in but there's no weird reaction. Especially currently wait till they meet us. Yeah, of course, I know you so the Harpoon and the humans have a peaceful relationship. So people don't see her coon and go run away. It's right and even though there was a War about Two years ago with a at all. Generally speaking a couple cut all our people. Don't freak out about it. Right unless they come in and start acting aggressive things are tense, but it's not like oh everyone leave the room because guitar of come in right? And I mean, that's General people. I'm sure they're extremists around the yeah. So the anyway, there's one table with a kind of a younger looking gentleman. If you want to call him that he hasn't shaved in a number of days is here is very disheveled as a trench coat on and he's probably from Looks of him a pervert does he have no pants on he's just wearing a trench coat. Is that what's going on? I guess I'm so excited. He's got beady eyes darting back. And yeah, there's tightly gripping both edges of his trench coats playing. Mr. Suddenly. We run back to our rooms Noah you being a harpoon. You smell fear you, you know smell fear, but you think that probably there's a bit of a Smell to him and it's only because you have heightened senses of smell like these guys don't notice. Yeah, that might be why sitting alone, but he's got a laptop and like in front of them and he's just super focused on it and doesn't even know you guys could come in right now. That's all the tables only have like one or two seats available. And that's the only place the three of you guys could sit together if you wanted as if I gotta I've point my muzzle over at that table and also to over there. Monkey boy. Yeah, well to Bob Barker. Let's go there. There's that. Yeah, he's kind of I mean there's a you guys can't smell it but there's a little bit of a what it's know. What Are you serious? Yeah, you're pretty sure on the other side. Okay. Well, we'll go sit down. All right. Hello, sir. What what what? Hey, what you doing? Hey, I glad to meet you. I'm cane very nice to meet you. I'm to Saint. Okay, I'm not yeah, I'm just gonna you won't take my hand. I'm just real busy working. I mean, okay. Yeah, it's good. What are you working on? Well, this is right. This is Jay this my friend and although hey guys. Hey, no, not at all. Oh no. Have you had Today like this morning. I've like 15 like or so because so yeah, we're going hard on this computer over here. This This ship's computers. I mean they are so outdated is unbelievable. I mean, we'll be lucky to make it to Eureka wait, you're making me feel real lucky if we make it to your sister, but that'd be great. I'm gonna write that down a lot. What? Yeah, no. No, get them in once it'll be fine. I'm sure I mean this computer knows how to get Eureka. So, you know, Justin are not working on the navigational system. I'm all the systems are over your shoulder. Yeah. I have like all the ship's navigation. I kind of skimmed through What is that open is like to start with an elected to 12 is even better so you have two points of shift. So nice for the listeners and forbade the table. You have a target number average eight. So you have eight or greater. Okay, then you always add an attribute in a skill unless you're doing like a special like strength test or something, right? So add those together and then that's what if you roll. So in this case Admiral Cain got a 10 on the diorite 9 on the dye one for my skill to for my leg. So total the third support only 12. So the target number was 10. In this case because the difficult is little bit higher and the reason is what he had open wasn't your traditional navigation will pain it was like the programming under the hood. It's like the code for the you have got it. But you know, I'm not well enough you're seeing like maybe you don't understand the specifics of the Kobe you're seeing like all the keywords and stuff and you know that snap code review do but so every point of success you get above your target number is or below it. Okay. So any point above or below is an effect? So he got two points of positive effects that just like you succeed a little bit better. So like as soon as you start talking to me and I get their names, I'm gonna start pulling up the ship manifest and the passenger list just like to see and then I'm also going to pull up another window to then see like, you know what I can what I can search on them, you know on the computer database has on these people like what I can search also watching you do this. So yeah, I mean, I'm the type of guy that has like, you know, 50 windows open. I'm like moving in between them. Yeah. So while he's doing that since you got the to success you actually are able to pick out some details like oh yeah this Outdated like it's not broken. It's just like an old version of software. Right? Like he said like it's like two versions behind so it's indicative of the way he manages most of his vessel. Now, there's just way he manages money. I mean, you know, it's expensive and I mean this stuff isn't free but you know, I'm going to be able to do this for you while we're on the while we're in route, right? So that's most in the Navy we have the state of the art software. Of course, you did and also as an outer game being a couple updates behind is the end of the world right because mean death, but other than that like well he might Those updates were working military use them at one point for the Admiral. All the ships are on. We're completely updated. That's right where I made sure that my crew of the states have bugs. Sometimes the older version is more stable. So it starts. Yeah. No, so I'm just I'm just I'm just updating the systems while we go to Eureka for him. Yes. What was it? I mean, maybe not making it. Oh, well, you know, I mean, I'm just I'm just really, you know, I've been on a ship so, you know, but we'll be fine. We'll be fine. This is heavily traveled, you know, it's a song. I don't know if I can listen as fast. You talk. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just trying time. I really am trying but yeah, I might want to lay off time off it. Yeah, just a lot of coffee you decide you want something great. Awesome coffee. Yeah, I leaned over to you. I leaned over to Jadis and whisper in your ear watch and make sure it doesn't get us killed. It would be a good idea. Yeah. I just kind of lean into the be hungry for I would like something with noodles and no meat got it because I'm not eating meat today really good fasting day. It is. I'm a room word orthodox. So we have certain certain. If you feel like your spiritual journey requires it I will start searching when World Orthodox. Would you like ours when you get no? No, I'll eat whatever you like a sandwich so I can type with one hand and then keep working. Perfect. Right sounds very nice. Young computer person. Yeah. Say your name for me again Tucson Tucson. Pronouncing that right hip you doing great. Yeah. What was your name? Again? Ruben Ruben was your last name real quick. He's touching the keyboard laser. The Manifest. ICU is one of the passengers you only Rica to write. Can I ask you an awkward question? Sure. Sure. Sure. What do you taste like that was our GM interject does the cap does Captain had to mail or does he know you're updating the software? Oh, yeah, totally. Yeah, that's part of why I hired you. To do that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay just take him in Eureka for free and I'm standing all systems for encountered people who are hackers and things and that. Oh, no, I mean, I mean I can do that. Yeah. I mean I maybe have done that but not now. Oh, yes. Yeah. I'm just getting Eureka for free like it. Yeah. I just got out of Glocks on Mobil Corp, right? And so doing all this research and cybernetic was that klaxon megacorp collects on glad klaxon megacorp. What did the pharmaceutical company? Yeah. Yeah, so I just got out of there and I wasn't near Eureka which is my home planet. So I'm coming back now. Hey, so Tucson. Yeah, okay out of game. I'm actually going to give him an inspirational leadership. And so Tucson. I just let you know that the safety of the crew and all these passengers on this vessel or in your hands and we're inspired by the fact that your abilities or capable and so do your absolute best to my leadership role. I get a total a chamber. It's an 11 so I made three successes so he gets three Boons. So if he has to Get the three skill test you gets to roll three Dice and take the best to nice. Very good. Yeah, and though I head over to this at last it doesn't have a time frame. So the GM control I'm working with appropriate is kind of like yeah cool. I'll just say it's for programming stuff. Okay. Yeah. It's then I head over to get you some food. Awesome. That sounds good. Let me make a quick note here. And then I got a GM thing. I want to do GM thing. Don't don't don't don't. Okay. So as you guys go get in line Reuben you notice that there's a couple families on the ship to next to you is a child who is looking at you very intently and also very excitedly and it but it's like that shy child thing whenever you look over like books away and but keeps looking sideways at you, you know, like out of its peripheral and it's but it's not hiding a very well and it like and it gets really close to you as parents are there. How old is the job that will maybe eight boy girl girl And this is why we're getting food. So I kind of look at the kid when I when he was glancing. I kind of time it so when he glances over a shadow, or she I kind of plant and wink at her she doesn't kind of so when you do that she kind of like does it like the little shock jump kids do and they get excited like, oh man with me he went to me. She's like really excited and she gets like clothes again and she goes I'm Emma Emma. My name is Reuben. She's like really she Like shows back. I haven't shaved in a while and then she kind of laughed she goes that's silly Das don't shave. Well, you shouldn't and then the moms like no no, no, they're not dogs. Technically. We're not dogs. We're harpoons. I'm sorry. I know what you're saying. I know you're saying and then how old are you? I'm eight. Oh eight years old. This is my best that your old girlfriends super excited hate armor. That's great. Are you in school or what? Do you think? What do you study subjects? Do you like to study? I like astrology. Oh, that's a good witch out of game. Probably best bet. She means astrology but she's eight. That's right. I bet you didn't know you're going to meet someone famous. But my famous friend here is Admiral Cain. Have you ever heard of him? She just looks at you. No, he looks like a nice man. I reach into my bag and pull out a copy of this is authors picture on the back and I show it to her and then kind of hold it with when he does that I stop with the food. I kneeled down on my knee and I look her in the eyes and I say it is my honor to meet you my lady and I kind of smiled her and kind of move my hand forever. And you know, I bet you would like a signed copy of your book. I'm glad to sign it. So I signed the copy and she looks very like I say to Emma you are wonderful and I say it can And moving you should sign it to tell you're in the book and if you read this, I'm on pages 42 67 and 8320 and don't member page 326 don't look at page 2 Epsilon 7. Yeah, so I'll sign it too. And here you go. See you give it to her and she has that look of confusion but also excitement because somebody gave her something but she doesn't know why she got it and so she's like yay so she goes back over. She's like, thank you. Thank you. She goes back over look Mommy. My friend my new Harpoon friend gave me a book. I wave at the parents. Let me read it to me and EDD like when you're older, it's a great bedtime story for kids asleep. And this yeah, I'm getting I'm getting I guess vegetarian you want to just pasta I just want pasta Asia. So I'm getting a bunch of pasta and then To get me a bunch of pasta. And so it looks like I have all pasta and I slip a small amount of meat and of the bottom I'm spiritually focused but at the same time I'm a little hungry. So kind of maybe blending a bit. What did you do Kane? I saw yours is not yours. I know I bet oh, oh this must have fallen and my plate except so I smile here. I pulled this ticking piece of meat out there to represent your you're like trying to bring you a sandwich programming stuff. And this is the one with aspiration if you want to use it. Yeah called a bun. So in the mechanically a bun means normally the rule to D6 a bun allows you to roll 3 D6 you take the higher to you can also get a vein where you still roll 3d6, but you take the lower to okay, cool. Yeah. So that's 8 plus my computer skills and intelligence or Stat plus so plus the plus intelligence plus my computer school. Yes. Alright, so that is a total of eight twelve nice. So you only needed an eight. So you got four shifts to success. That's a phenomenal success. Basically, I see no will live. I'm gonna I'm gonna make a note of that or something else. Okay. Well, I'm gonna doodle so you think I'm okay, right? Is it doodler chronic doodler Mason's been duly? He's drawing the man in the trench coat. That's right smells kind of funky. It's actually like a personal Hub. That's my forehead. Also. Yeah, I forgot about that description. Sorry. It's like Aviator come - to know they're like a they're more like what Luke Skywalker Warwick's The Empire Strikes Back some more like that, right so I can get in from I can feed information to the computer straight to their own ice. Yeah, so So this council is like a complex technical tasks just for like kind of grass what you're doing or actually I want to say this is like an hour's so it would take. So just as an example, that would take you. Two times four is six. I mean hate math is hard. So it takes you eight hours to finish the program in though. Okay, but you get it upgraded successfully actually great clean up a few of the issues in the code that you saw like, basically any bugs that pop in you caught them. Okay, cool. You fix them. Sorry good there so couple days go by and I just wanted to ask Emma's family what they were doing on the walk over to him to make a wonderful daughter there. What are you guys doing? Where you heading? Oh we're heading over to To Claudius. Oh nice. Oh, you're stopping at Claudius. It's great. We are well, we just came out here for vacation. Oh awesome. What do you guys do? Oh, I'm with the corporate company that deals with mine. Oh nice. All right here. Yeah, I work in the office though. I don't do it in the mining myself. I'm an accountant is a profits good. Yeah so far. I mean, we're not like running the market with if you will but huh, we're staying above water. Let's go see him well, We'll take care of the family my wife's a teacher. So I handed my card and say if you ever need of any kind of Assistance or help we've got a small company here that we're putting together a people to help people out of surgery over here. Everything let us now. Well, I will I appreciate that and thanks for the book. Oh no problem. I'm sure she'll enjoy and she just happy she just happy to have a gift from anybody pictures and start there Reuben really like three wanted to give her something when she's got it like she's eating with her hand on her book. So it's awesome. Can we do a selfie with her and she's like, yeah. Okay, like okay, that's fine. I'll go on their side and she like puts her arm around you because like up in your fur because I mean she's an eight-year-old kid. She'd never seen her Kuma for so she said I wasn't really exciting I stick out my staff in the background to photobomb on page 72. You should get the picture. That's awesome. So a few the couple of days go by and we have the timer going on. There's pictures of you on the planetary saltiness. No, of course a couple days go by and you get out to the job space and the jump happens. Okay, jump time is your napkins. So this is where mechanically you work on stuff you want to work? Yeah, you don't you don't have to say I'm working this thing just make a note somewhere that hey you one week of study. Yeah, when we could study because anytime you get a week of study generally always do it and jump, but when you get to your eight weeks of study, you can make a role to try to level the skill and eight weeks levels up as 0 or greater. To 0 yes, and then eight more weeks creates a one. Yeah and a 16 weeks great sit too. Yeah, because the way it works is every like period of study as an eight-week period yeah, so I don't want to go flip the rules but for memory you accumulate eight weeks of study on a topic then you make an education role and if you pass you get a point or a successful period of study you need periods of study equal to the level you're going to so I would John was saying. The first that we will take a nothing to 0 and then another eight weeks we'll take it to a 1 but then you get to to you need 16 because that's to eight-week period of study that's all you have to succeed on your role. So you could get your eight weeks and fell it and then you lose the eight weeks. Then you go want one? Yeah, that's but that is this games experience. So I like that that's cool experience. Yeah. I like it too and plus since you're always jumping around. I mean those eight weeks aren't terribly difficult to accumulate. I mean heck you're going to get four will be halfway through it when Eureka yeah. Eureka assuming that Tucson's upgrades work or we just go bald. All right, let's be explode new characters. Yeah, exactly. So you're in the middle of the jump? Come on, the last day will be the we jump and there's extreme earthquake like vibration that runs shuddering that is not whole ship. It is not good. I'm here heard an engineering and power plants. I'm going to meet Lee head towards the engineering section because that kind of a shutter being the warp drive. Has that been a problem. Will you let me I'll Spanish explaining you have some more details and maybe on pretty excited. So the whole ship shutters the lights flicker and I can hear like there's a quiet almost imperceptible home in the ship when it's in jump space, right because all the power and everything's working and is creating. Basically it creates like a Subspace bubble will kind of thing and you leave this Dimension and sort of and then you get to where you're going a week later. And so it doesn't matter how big of a jump drive you have. It's always a week right? It's all the equipment involved in sustaining this like Subspace bubble. Yeah, so you're usually in the power like the hum goes away and then the shutter like like the whole ship just jerks like hard everybody make as an Athletics or acrobatics something check. There's Athletics. Yeah efflux checks are good. Yeah, and this is gonna have the skill. It's at minus 3, right? Yeah, it's efflux and you can do decks or strength or even if you want to throw intelligence like your this is basically not getting caught off guard and thrown across actual intellect. Go, you know food plate now. Yeah, like oh Something's Happened I'ma grab now or ever so do we roll one or two die every test will be to die. Unless you have a boon or Bane. So in this case you all right. I've got a total of a 11. I used intellect nice. So seven. If you do not have the skill your -3 just know that I had one athletic skills and you you're dead. You're dead Extra Strength. I did add my intellect. Okay Oriental it John J. Got a measly 600 K or J this let's see, you know, it was nice knowing you are trying to catch myself with my staff, but you were you were walking down the hall and so this isn't going to be a damaged thing is just going to be a beIN like you get kind of bumped around a little bit every negative effect you have is just an extra baton. So it's kind of like it takes you that long to get all out of the days of being bumped right? So it's not like you take damage is more like a brief. Oh, I'm dazed and confused. That makes sense. So for those of you in the Navy this everything about this city like the Light emergency lights come on, the alarm comes off and the captain comes over. The helm is like pelisek yourself. We're dealing with the problem, and that's all he says if you've been in the Navy, actually everybody can make this check and I'll let you pick your skill you think would be best at determining offhand. What happened unless as a player you want to take a guess I'm going to guess is engineering power. Plant an appropriate skill. Yes, cool. So I'll do that and using pilot spacecraft. I was drinking last night and I got a 10. All right. So anyway, we've got eight or higher. I got a ten as well this world too. Everything is a five this seems very much. Like what could be a big jump Which Miss jumps can be as subtle as we took some damage, but we got where we're going to our sub k space bubble collapse on us and no one ever sees us again. Whoopsie right? See you soon. Yeah that too you say to assume the bubble didn't collapse because you're not dead at least I don't think so. Are we together at this point? It's however you guys I would have run into the hallway will be 6 and see if we're close to each other. I mean or staterooms is physically close. I'm going to six like we're at the ship where near each other three. I got one. Okay. So what was in this text what state rooms are all kind of the one area see, I mean you could have been like in a commissary or okay exercise of corner. Yeah. Yeah. I'd either be in the commissary working or in my stateroom working while have with the commissary. Yes. We can the table the commissary. See you all the ones you like in your stateroom. Then I'm going to say that I was in my stateroom meditating when this happened. Nice, and then I tried to blank my way out into the hallway stateroom. Admiral Cain has written a book and he doesn't know that I'm also writing a book. Nice. I'm working on it. Nice. I want the Harpoon perspective of nice of that. That's also with with this in mind. You guys be in the comments. Are you actually here explosion coming from the back of the ship? Oh, wow, right. Do I we don't have any personal problems? Whoa, we need to get back there immediately. You have engineering skills does a Reuben I have mechanic you do perfect this Jada 70 engineering skills. I did not okay. I immediately I'm going to run to Reuben stateroom. Okay and a knock on the door and I open it because I felt the shutter. So I'm yeah it's looking for come on now. So if I'm running with you because we got before so as you get to the door over the con the PA you hear the captain May Lon say hey. In receiving the burden on the bridge, please now, let me see. Okay, so we divert from engineering to run into are you wearing them as young although the giant engineering and okay perfect. So I'll head to the bridge and I have a good friend. Our very lives are at stake do everything you can to solve this. That is a leadership role. Holy crud or own 11 plus 5 is a 16 I made by eight successes. Well, that's like eight moons may be however you and it's just for the next task. It's for ya the way it normally works in a combat round like an handed out to multiple people at the table based on the number. So that was an amazing role. Yeah. So yeah, you could adjudicate this next round or next task or whatever that works for those who are wondering he rolled a 6 & A 5 on 2 6 PSI pretty good very lives are in your hands. Nice roll. Awesome. So you're heading back to engineering. Whereas King going by you. I mean, I've had to the bridge you're heading to the bridge. What's to Sandow Cain told me to come with them because we're in the comments area. So I kind of have my little My portable computer on my arm. I'm just kind of falling around like and if we see Jay this in the hall now that we're heading to the bridge. I'm going to grab these a pilot. I would have headed for the bridge thinking that my piloting skills might be helpful. If the pilot was knocked out of the out of commission plus I know that that would be the standard order of operations from my companions. Okay, that's where I would be heading. So we're going to say you're a little bit closer to the bridge. So we'll deal with Bridge first. Okay, so you can run it up and get into the bridge and malins in there and he's you know, I have to control bunch of punching a but punching a bunch of buttons and that's weird too hard to say bunch in a bunch of pumpkin hum hum a bunch of pumpkins and all these alarms are going off and he's doing all sorts of stuff. There's a little bit of spark coming out of the panel have to bail on. How can we assist what's going on? Well, I could use a co-pilot and we apparently had a Miss jump Jadis once you sit in the chair. Yes, I can't miss this good. I can't Engineer on the helm. I don't know what happened, but he might be injured. We've got Reuben our heart cone. He said actually heading down there. He's got some engineering skills. I can also head down there to assist them if needed. That's not bad. I got a whole bunch of Passengers The Medic might need help with to I can help with that. I have a little bit of medic. I did a little bit with my cybernetics. I can be glad to help really. Yeah. Okay. Yeah if you say so I'll Trust you. Yeah, I definitely can do that. Yeah, we'll go back there. You're going to earn the room board now. Okay, great. I got good news and bad news. We made it to the yacht's the on sector. But we're not leaving the young sector. We're in bad shape, but you're about to say something. No, I'm a start looking at damage control stations like trying to figure out what's going on. Like look at check do all the systems checks figure out what's going on trying to consolidate in the information. Okay. So I'll let Jade is do his job and get us safely wherever we all sit down on the Pilot's seat. Okay, so you sit down the pilot seat. So back to engineering you get this is that when you get to engineering get back there, it's hole. So it's not a hole in space like it's intact. But there's some smoke coming out of the door when you open it up. There's some fire coming off of some of the like a console some engine parts off of the side and then there's a man you're assuming is the engineer line with some Burns burn marks on his face on the floor. I don't check his Vital Signs first. I don't have any special Dean. It was feeling for a pulse. Okay roll reading. Let's see if you correctly assess whether he's doing okay or not. And now I don't know if I get to choose where I apply the Oh, boom, I would apply it to you have medic 0 dude. I didn't yes you're actually decent and so the way the skills work if you don't have a skill to minus 3, so have a even having a zero as a three-point shift. So do I apply the bun on the very next thing I do or can I apply it to on the canonical? Check? You got? What did you get? Like eight? I got a effective eight rolled. Awesome. Yeah, I'll let you do. Okay, this is just checking for I'll say anything you do this not. Engineering wise you could trade two Boons in for one because it's sort of two related to what you're trying to do. Yeah, but it's not directly. No, don't worry. Did you get to add your your intelligence, uh your target number the medic and for the medic intelligence is 6006 you have so base you can tell is he's horribly maimed you think he's breathing but you have no idea if he's stable internal bleeding or if there's internal bleeding or if he's, you know doing a died in a minute. He's just messed up. So I use my calm and you have a We have come you have to Mike. Um, yeah, so and at real quick on a meta level. Yes way these comms work if you're on a ship generally you can hook in the ship's cook another ship calm and like unless you've been locked out of it, right? I could call the bridge. Yeah, you could well since you're on the bridge and they know you're helping your be given access General. You can't just contact the bridge right away, right? It's like they don't want to bother passengers just like Captain my toilets clogged captain my doors gentlemen Captain if I have I don't have a risk. Communication with but you know, I'm a bridge she could attempt to connect the bridge. Okay, so I will try to connect to the bridge. I'm gonna Buzz through and okay. Hello. Hello. Is anyone there? Anyone this is this is Reuben. I'm able to user control. Do I hear there's a yes you hear him come in. I'll punch it open and put it on the bridge overhead King cane are you there? Yeah. Yeah. I'm here Ruben. What's up? The engine room is smoking on fire. The the on fire engineer is down. We need medical. Up here right away. Amia trade you need additional people to help with the fire. Please send anyone you can I'm going to try to see what I can do. And generally there's fire suppression systems that kick off. Our on I should say man is not kicking on the fire. Suppressant Sarto aren't working. It could get bad really quick. Okay. Let me see what I can do from up here and see if I can do anything to help we could we could unseal the room and depressurize that would guarantee the fires to go out. We gotta get this guy at the engineer out first. Got it. Let me see what the ship's schematics. I'll get back to you will. Send people down Captain's rebuilt. We can send down there to help them. That's a you guys ship's medic. All right, I'm gonna check it out. My man is on the way to the see the check the passengers, but I think Engineers more important so he gets on the cam and he's like Tucson. Yeah, I'm almost at the medic. Okay good. You think you can handle severe burns? Yeah. Yeah. I can I've seen some of those before. Okay. I want you to head to engineering instead because we may need you there on top of technical issues. Okay, great. Yeah, I can do that and the middle of this various like you see like lights. Our to dim the control panels for piloting like Flickr off for a second and then come back on. It's like it's like it makes that do not like Powers kind of fading and that's going on like as you're running through the ship there's parts for powers like coming off and on my left I make my mechanical chick know. Yeah if I can assess. Yeah, so that's wrong in anything that can be done to help me get better sure. So I different roles with no role whatsoever. The first problem is there's a fire in the engine. Can see that without a roll? Okay, then there is like a fire extinguishing equipment handy so you can put that out. All right, if that's the most pressing problem than I will put out the fire. Generally if I were on a spaceship is a chisel. Yeah, so you put that out and Kane looks like he wants to say something. No, I literally was gonna flip ship's schematics while he's doing it and find out if we could seal off the engines like if he can't put it out as and told me to get out of there and we would seal it off and put it back in a space that would kill the fire because that's a threat but if he puts it out. Then we're fine. So go ahead and make a computer roll. You can make your first mechanical world to assess the damage or drinking last night really jacked me up. That is wow Snake Eyes. Who do we want to do a crit fell roll. I don't think we should I said things I think it happens. Okay. I'm going to ponder appropriate crew this moment rolling that they were here. Oh, that's a good idea table. What is this? Oh, this is my stands referee dashboard now Lincoln to the show notes. Okay stands referee dashboard is just been used. I think we've been killed. Yep. No, you're not dead. I sealed off engineering and wanna roll second one is with you in it. Nice. So here's what happens in your process of trying to the just for the so, you know, the first one I rolled was a secret weapon is revealed such as a ticking Time Bomb. I thought I'm not going to put a bomb on the ship. That's The other ones good an ally is imperiled held hostage or betrays you. This is a good one. So you're attempting to assess the situation and due to the power fluctuations. And so the screen is going dark and coming back on so it's not so much. The Admiral Cain messed up. I mean he did but it's a result of all this craziness going on with the systems. Like you're not operating on a perfect Society presence. So and what ends up happening is we're you are the door slams shut and all the lights go out we're Rubens at yeah, he accidentally isolated the section makes sense because I was trying to try to cut it or trying to create an emergency and you didn't mean to told ya so you did that you get around the corner and the door shut. Okay. All right. Well, yeah, I'll start I'll go. try to find like those are like controls for the doors and then like a manual override near the door or is there's a panel you could pop it on microphone you can pop open and you know do some tricks of wires maybe hook up the truck and put it that way I'll tell you that quick question yep before the lights went out I have made a mechanical rule was I able to do anything with that before lights went out tell me the number again here I'm sorry it was 11 yes you get the fire put out and the first thing you see that the damage is directly impacted some of the primary Mary power supply which it's the supply power in the engines and the jump drive in the ultimate ramifications of this if it's not fixed from the damage you see is a cascading power failure that will wreck the whole ship and you have no idea where you're at in space right now because you're in a room with no windows and locked in the dark is you don't know how much time you have for so I saw that it's really bad like yeah it's fixed like you know there's a mechanic there's ways to maybe not totally fix it but delay it at least worst-case scenario I happen to know those ways you do you just need to I'm in the tools to fix it and live to Flashlight and a flashlight. All right by can't see in the dark as the cat people right dog guys can't I think you're right. Give a book here. I'm going to hand you this. Somewhere, but the front I'll let you take a look at that in the meantime on the bridge. Let's get a pilot role to see because you guys are as you come out of jail space and out of the window. You can tell that you're rotating like you still have power but with the engines cutting in and out stabilizing trajectory is an issue. Okay, so he's going to ask you to assist him. All right, so it's just the captain or the pilot Captain. He's a pilot. Okay, so that I'm not rolling and taking away the fun of you ruined eyes. I'll let you roll the dice. All right, and you'll get a bang. I mean a bun because he's helping you do it I'm gonna Boon from that but do I still have I still have a beIN from earlier from being disoriented I believe so there is a gate through a neutral so you don't get either okay all right here we go so this is a piloting spacecraft role to 10 because of the situation you're in hmm little Hargett number is a 10 I forgot to bring my red dice so and for those who like to know what that means that's a difficult task an eight after my modifiers which is shy of the mark the your intelligence did you include that oh no I didn't sadly I'm not as intelligent as I look or are you you don't manage to make it horribly worse but it's still a problem right I'll try to hold on here but it's not working ah okay Tucson's at the door let's see Knocking at the door open. Okay. What am I rolling on this is going to be your computer skills sweet because you're trying to hack at the door with a directly. Boom. Nice in the middle of the dark the door to flies open and the light comes in and you got a little bit smoke comes out and there's a harpoon staying there with a fire extinguisher in her hand his hand. He's standing over this like seriously wounded. Okay on the phone. I'm gonna go. Hey, hey, what are you doing here? You're not the engineer. Oh, hey, I've got doesn't matter come. Okay, I'm gonna look around the room for like a medical kit for a you know, a first aid kit or something like that like that something like that. Okay. So you find one on the wall next to the door. I'll grab that and then I'll grab that and then kind of do the run slide thing over next to the guy on the floor, right? So you slide over to the guy right and you get your kid out and you check them and he's dead. Okay, it was Reuben looking at me while I'm like working on his car. Is he Ruben probably focus on the reuben reuben yeah yes now that he's got some light he's like I can see and he's into that okay so I'm still gonna like I'm gonna look over at Ruben and I'm going to start like putting bandages on the guy kind of like I am doing something like I am making progress right so I'm going to start like a pulling applying the burn Salve to him right and all that kind of stuff and put some bandages and close up wounds right so I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to work on it like I'm like I'm making progress so don't as the heart register see him in the corner of my eye he's doing stuff and you said you rolled a 12 to open the door yeah so with the 4th X I'm going to say that you also manage get the lights back on oh sweet I mean you got for for effects that yeah sure pretty solid yeah so the lights are on as well so it looks like he's fixing the guy up and you take him for his word so you can get onto the engine your primary concern is to keep the power on which is Right, right, right. So that's a 10 Target number you can use engineering Electronics or mechanic mechanic plus your education. I still have another boom and you can use your at. Yes you do you can use your education. We always try to do this. I'm going to try and shut down Power Systems and other parts of ship and just put us on base life support and ship's controls. So at least he's doing a minimal amount of energy. So whatever we have at least to be so I've given ship's controls to him turn off a nav turn it off, you know any other systems that we don't have to come on Nan I wouldn't have never Abaddon criticisms of systems it's awesome. It did that because I there's actually a note here powering down non-critical systems gives a plus one to the throw. So well done and Rural King them. So this is this is a this is going to be your role for the next 24 hours. So what you're doing for the next 24 hours is working on this engine to keep power on because you are working whole nice. Very good. Very good. This smacking sounds is were slapping one another. I'm very excited really so for the next he manages to keep power on which is awesome with the for effects. I'm going to give a boon to the next pilot in check because he's nice stabilize the power. He's not a little bit more than keeping on is it with turning off all the non-critical systems and stabilizing the power he's able to keep it going. Jade is still look disoriented from the Reyes situation because if he is I may take over the bridge. No, he's seems like got like he's not shake you had to have to yeah, you have one more didn't that if he looks shaking I was gonna say Soviet looks a little bit. Yeah, if you don't mind that let me take controls. Is that okay Admiral? Will you please take the helm? Yeah, you just look a little disoriented. So calm alarms are going on. It's a panic you're drifting in space stating when this all began. Yeah. It looks like your head. You've got a bruise on your head too if that guy That guy didn't fast so much. I think you'd be all right. Well, I think to myself well and had some more protein so you guys are actually drifting through space for a solid 24 hours before we start approaching. Yance. To which is the planet in the system, but people just call it a chance because it's the only planet with life on it. So it's a 30-minute process to get the shift down. Okay, every piloting rule you do actually I guess it's am. Okay. Now. Hmm. Every piling will you do is a 10-minute check? So it's going to take three roles to get down. Awesome. Okay is the captain still assisting? Emily assisting him but yeah yeah well he's actually let you he's like hey if you want to take over go for it okay that way more explicit not yeah you can assist in and I'll still get the Jadis could assist right that's true okay that's fine so Jason's we've flown together a bunch and I see so when you assist you give me a boon using give my bun at least that's what I thought oh that's okay maybe you should but for now I think I'll just go that way yep that what's happening good thing for the moon did yeah so didn't help tens a number you have no the others to whines I see yesterday my hero love for one one so here's what happens as you're in the process of Landing power is actually finally dying in the ship like it's beginning is slowly Cascade throughout the ship fortunately you've got your for effects so it's not doing so you know bad oh you know what I actually gave the next piloting a bun rule because of his for effects right yeah So you can't have a double bun. So let's translate that to a plus to modifier. So I missed by one. Okay, that's not horrible. So basic what happens is you're beginning to enter the atmosphere you miss it just enough that you're not coming in at a good angle. So you have a minus one of your next throw right now. I'm using a new dice because he's getting he's no longer using my dice. He's now switching over to his own diet. I won't Crush Bailey's dice, but if in doubt swap out the dice one of the more certain with the bun We Roll again, Right with the plus 1 minus 1 minus 1 is 1 yeah. Oh better it is not the dicer is not the dice. What do you get? I can only see two terrible tattoo is what you give I have a five total now. Oh, that's rough. Yeah, that's bad. Jai Des is regretting letting the head will take over this should take and he's he's he's doing a religious gesture that you know to be prayer. Exactly. So the ship is lurching horrible. It's bouncing around its lurching. It's like you're slamming into rocks, but there's nothing in the air. It's just I mean hitting pockets of air it's coming in hot the heat plating to protect the ship. Coming off and that's when you begin to realize that this particular vessel is not streamlined for atmosphere flight. Which adds a further - for to the die roll I tell them this is your Escape pods. It's not really Escape pod. It's like a ship boat. Yeah. Yeah, you can get why would tell the captain to get these people out of me leave. We're not going out make it so the captain's like I'll go take care of that the Jadis you wouldn't take this over. He's like many people he motions to the helm. Oh to take over the toilet for helping him out because all right help him right Admiral. Yes. Absolutely. He heads out and he starts getting as many people as you can into and it he's only getting the people who were in state rooms on not the lobert people takes too long to wake him up. Yeah exactly you have about 10 minutes before you hit the ground. It sounds like at least they won't suffer. Yeah. Okay like we will so you got one more throw. which is horribly modified against you at least you have a bun what's the target number Target number is 10 but you got the - we have drilled 12 to the minus one from your bet your failure yeah the - for from the ship not being streamlined 13 it looks skills do you have I'm just to assist so is he he's a plus one with all kinds yeah drop 13 with my plus 2 that's rough evacuate so you can there you can do other things like on the ship like you can ask him to attempt to do something this is at the end of those 24 hours so then in fact I would be furiously trying to patch something together on my and even though I can't know what ya never right yeah well obviously you know power has gone out and you know that you were glad you have a slightly lower center of gravity right now because you're getting tossed all over them I'm kneeling over the Comm evacuate ship evacuate ship I will try one thing there is no come on the ship because the power went over there yelling of occupation yeah right now I rolled a 1 and a 2 so I think at this point it's safe to say we missed the Paulding role by 10 I have a plus this ship was my target number seven eight so I had a for from mechanics three here seven in a plus-one intellect so I got an eight all right so you offset the +2 from the size of the from all the negative modifies I have you're at -3 instead of minus 4 but with it by 9 then yeah so the ship the ship only buy we buy mine but just the ship lands hard bun a college land more of like crash yeah horribly I mean it like it hits the deck everyone straps in at the last minute and it like doesn't slide it cartwheels through the to the forest and jungle when the thing gets devoid of the families get off on the ship boat the it was like an Epic movie moment where there's a tree line like right here and then you got just enough space for the ship boat to pop out and get out of the way good and and the middle of your cartwheels for a brief second you think you see it as you go by and it's horrible so everyone's going to take so I'll let the table to side we can roll damage I can roll damage one time and that applies everybody or you guys can roll your own to D6 of damage and apply it to yourself or give away John's willing parents rules I want to I want to roll my own eyes rolled and I don't want to be anywhere near Johns dice you never know I could roll to 1 and this is right that actually I do watch out so this is the reason story-wise it you're rolling your own because you're all at different places and yep right yes so you're strapped in you have different environmental Horticulture know because we're being thrown around it's not really ballistics correct yeah this is this is like blah promise I raised you by to on that how do we apply this challenge so damaged first applies to strength and then you all of it like until strength is gone okay and that it can be healed up so don't erase your number like leave your permanent number in there because you can't heal it okay I'm there what does it come off after that you pick agility or dexterity is going to of them go to zero your unconscious okay yeah so my strength is at zero no not my endurance what I say you said agility I think sorry sorry endurance endurance or dexterity so you have three physical traits and strength dexterity endurance yeah that's currently not me I'm baby all right well my strength is that a zero my endurance is at for yeah I think my string that's like one off of endurance first maybe it does look Ezra trash it's a random lead I rolled this was like we have I'm a berry but then dies man that's can kill you though that's just the way it goes so you had the shakes I do have the shit I might be a pride thing like you I'm still the best that's why I didn't take over the camera I'm a - oh you know what I was incorrect damage is initially applied to your endurance haha okay I take that back so reset your strength and then change endurance any excess damage is deducted from either your strength or your decks and what the way it works is you have to pick one and then all the remaining damage goes to it nice can't divide it you can't divide it yeah if it goes to 0 you can you can go back and forth between different times you take damage so that attack one you take damage and you take a couple points off decks attack to then you can move it to strength right but one attack has to be gone to the whole thing so does anyone have to stat Sera no no no good no one got to see there's a silver lining yeah yeah it's been an hour this and minutes I think would be a good spot to take a break all right Pom-Pom we will be back with the next episode thanks for listening