This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von daniken the book Chariots of the Gods which condom really kick-started this whole idea that aliens have been here for millions of years. I have come from afar from somewhere unknown but have definitely connected into our society. Perhaps even created what we are today and have disappeared come back left their markings. It's an exciting alternate history idea. I'm into it. Yeah. I've got the badge. I've met Giorgio Salukis. What about you button? Ends. Well, the thing is is that there is a whole mess of part of our history as humans that we can't explain like the Pyramids of Giza like Nazca Lines absolutely all these kind of strange man-made phenomena, which we still can't even replicate a lot of these things today with the tools that we've got of this day. So, how did they do it back then? I think how did they do it? And why did they died and it is that kind of Astral alignment things happening on different parts of the globe? They were they had no connection to each other yet. They're building the same kind of things for the same kind of reasons and you know, the indigenous peoples of many places who talked of people coming from the stars and they've got them in their petroglyphs and it makes sense even examples where people have been taken up two ships, you know people of that day and then brought back down. Yeah. It's obviously not as black and white as that you have to read between a few lines and you have to use a little bit of our lines. Yeah. He's a few - cells. Yeah, well in these ancient texts because of course we can't even read these ancient texts were making half of it up. So the world is built on speculation. It's I don't know it's really exciting stuff. But before we get further into it, and by the way, we do have guests including a Brooks Agnew a regular on Ancient Aliens who is going to be having a chat to us about some of the things he's seen personally and also there's definitely going to be some creative hilarity popping into the show. I can feel it I can Of course, I want nothing more than that. But before all of that, I guess we should do the news. Yeah niggers. World news. What if we got so I've got a few okay and I launched a couple onto your oh, yeah, please Kay try them out for sighs. Yeah, come on. Oh, wow. Number one plans to explore the Dark Side of Venus have been revealed using Stingray inspired spacecraft. What that's a double whammy right there right by this so many buzzwords and there for me. I love stingrays. I love Venus. I love the dark side. I'm on board. Okay, read the rest of them, but good luck beating coming back a nice. Okay. Well, no listening to this next one but say it. Okay Russians achieve Landmark Moment by printing meet in space. Pretty good. I'm back on board meeting meet in space with the Russians. Yes. Please sign me up. Okay. I mean, I'm a yes-man all around I tell you what, let's try and do both. Okay. Well the Dark Side of Venus is a fascinating. In place because it actually spends more than a year to get through a day. Wow. Does that make sense? Yeah. Sure. Yeah, it takes about two hundred and twenty odd days for it to circle the sun and it takes about 240 days for it to rotate on its axis. Meaning that one day takes freaking forever. There's a long day. It's a long day so long day. So obvious like the DMV of Planet. Yeah. So for a while now NASA Been coming up with ideas on how they can get to the backside of this amazing planet where the temperature of the surface is about 900 degrees Fahrenheit. So I said hi totally inhospitable place and wind's massive winds and you know quite a tumultuous place, but some ideas in the past have been to basically take a rocket up there that has Z plan type blimp. I like it. Yeah goes around that's actually crew that was actually planned to have crew. Ooh on it to basically nothing's ever gone wrong with a zeppelin. I'm sure that'll be fine. Hey, baby why they've come on to the idea of stingray? So this Stingray is actually the design of the University of Buffalo and the coin note project Breeze which stands for bio-inspired Ray for extreme environments and zonal Explorations. They just checking a bunch of words together to make an acronym ya call that old thing where you've got. Okay, it's to the words. Rihanna's try and make something out of that. Yeah, it could have called it project easy the list to work out with. Well, exactly. So anyway, these Stingray inspired craft actually going to fly and flap their wings to do. So. Whoa. Yeah, that's that's gonna be a spacecraft with flapping wings and we have a recording of the spacecraft great. That's incredible. Yeah, it's not it's got that's an You slept too so we should um go to hold on to that actually. Yeah, I like that. Thanks Jeff. Well, this is this this is from space.com great at these people think of these things, you know flying Stingray Flappers. Yeah for the Dark Side of Venus. That's what I'm working on. Are you? Okay? See you later. Good luck with that. Yeah have another drink. I know Jeff you got that recorded tape of the the noise of the flapping wings. Yeah. Yeah man's bootleg. But I've just you know, I've got it if you want it. Okay, so Other news article just super quickly the Russians printing meet in space Oh, yeah. Yeah tell me about this meat printer in space. What so Russia mean they they had the first satellite in space are the currently the only people actually launching man spaceships and space right? So they're right there they started doing it and they're still doing exactly they have no need to write what they love their roast dinners and up in space. They have meat but it's dehydrated terrible. Nothing great about it at all. So They are We Takin this whole idea of 3D printing. Yeah and down here on Earth. There have been people working on 3D printing food. Okay, but they've taken that and proven that it basically Works in a zero gravity environment and not only just printing any old food because mean people have like done cupcakes 3D printed cupcakes, right? Yeah. Sure. So this out of calls from Yahoo news and you want to know what type of meats they have died. I'm dying to know they have to manage not. Grunt one little bit of meat not just a little bit of steak there bioprinter has produced beef rabbit and fish tissue using magnetic fields in microgravity. So this is meat made in a lab, which is what people are talking about. These days is not from animals that's right is scientifically using exactly the same cell molecule buildup of actual meat tissue, but it's it's done in a humane way. Nothing harmed and and yet somehow then created through the magic of Science and then someone's pushed a button and it just printed out into the depths of space. Well, they're amazing at what she means and it's actually a big moment really for long-distance bass treble. Yeah, but go a step further into the Sci-Fi world and you start thinking of all those movies where they create a cyborg. Or a human or something like that with are guys. Yeah, we're doing that. No, it's a we're close to their we're talking about but I think so like, you know, if there's any sort of like arms cut off you could recreate them. That's where we're heading because we can now make that cut type of thing. You could just you know, I lost an arm printed out print it out. Okay, you got to be in space. Yeah what Y is not necessarily not necessarily know. I'm just just checking on the facts of my listings and what we're processing we have 3D printers, but they only work in space. It's a caveat. There's all these hands and arms and limbs coming down from space being delivered to hospitals. Yeah shot down in little capsules. There you go. You did not need mother. And it okay Helbig. All right, go outside. It's coming down. Look out coming down fast. There it is. I got it. Fingers are broken. Oh, well get what you pay for now. It's an exciting time to be alive. Just hearing that kind of technological advancement use and so yeah, what I want to do now is have a check to this chap Brooks Agnew and see his take on the situation Coleman 3D printing 3D print. Mmm. But before that a quick word from our sponsor. We are joined by Brooks Agnew and electronics engineer who holds a number of patents for his inventions. Yes, how are you? Hey Rhys, Darby. He remember me from such shows as no obviously come at this world from a science background. Do you see tick in the world today that you know must have come from somewhere else or not? Well, the first thing that really blows my mind when I go to Egypt or when I go to Mexico and I look at the architecture that's there and I realize that it's it's Advanced for today certainly, but it's way Advanced of what they could possibly have done in the time period that we think that it was done for instance the pyramids we think at least based on on my scientific analysis and that of my my colleagues that the complex at Giza is at least 10,000 years old and maybe as much as 13 ten thousand years old. Well that predates it gypped us walking into the Nile River Valley by quite a bit. Yeah, and when we think of it from an engineering standpoint moving all those blocks from Aswan, you know, 300 miles Upstream to Giza and then the black granite that came from Sudan a thousand miles to the South. It's just it just boggles the mind because in those days as Sensibly, they didn't even have a standard measurement system. It wasn't like you, you know got on your smartphone or your two cans and a string and said yeah send me a piece of granite flat within ten thousand parts per inch and send it to me a 107 inches long by 88 inches wide. There'd be a silence on the other side and the guy would say What's an inch? Yeah, exactly. The other thing people are going to say is that it I'll tell you how it happened. It's it's the old buzzword of the now it's the download extraterrestrial download into the head woke up. Boom. Got an idea guys quick pen and paper. What do you think of this? I'm a big believer in the download, you know, Mike Jackson when he would finish composing a song and putting the finishing touches on it. They'd be in the studio be like 2:30 in the morning and Michael would say Quick hurry, we've got to copyright this and they would say Michael. It's 2:30 in the morning. What are you talking about? And he would say if we don't copyright it now by six o'clock tomorrow morning Prince will have it. Wow, that's so cool. But I haven't example a better example. I was exploring in Tibet. Now. I know that's kind of odd for a Westerner to say because we're not really allowed over there and I'm not admitting that I was hello sounds like you were but but we'll keep this on the down-low just whisper. So I go there and I'm on the kind of maybe not so approved government tour and I not admitting to it but I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese guard and he let me into an area of the Potala that I don't think anybody seen for a long time because I went down the stairs into the bottom of the Potala and they're in the basement. I guess you would call it is this structure that my guide says was called a stupa this thing is made. Gold. It's like enormous was like 25 feet tall and it was covered in gems and I asked my guide what the heck is this thing? He said it's a stupids made for transporting the soul of a paunch and llama through the four-dimensional Stargate to Nirvana. And then the store four-dimensional Stargate was painted on the ceiling above this thing. I said that this thing really looks fabulous. I'd by the way, I did smuggle a picture of it out and I said, but you know, I think I know what this thing is. I think it's a Tesla coil. You know, what a Tesla coil is I said, well I do and that's what this looks like. So I got back to the States and I took that picture and I matched it up with one of the big coils that Tesla had built and it matched almost centimeter by centimeter and the interesting thing about it is the coils that were on the top of this stupa in the basement of the Potala in Tibet was built in 646 80. Wow. It had stylized lightning coming from the top of it down in about a 30 degree angle down both sides. That was all you know static, but you could see that's what they were trying to express Tesla got exactly the same download. Hope thousand years later in the 19th century. That's amazing only instead of building his heart of gold. He built it out of copper wire and he energized it. So the lightning was really lightning so I'm looking at this and I'm saying there is no way Nikola Tesla made a trip to Lhasa Tibet and saw this thing but he did see it in a download in a vision that he had. So I'm saying two different societies a thousand years apart received the same exact information one guy builds it with copper wire and the other guy builds it with gold and jewels. What's your thinking is about the the use of the pyramids or at least the purpose of the pyramids? It's being power plants or as we say Tesla coils. I spent days not moments on a tour but days inside the Great Pyramid of Giza and I'm not buying that it's a power supply the alignment with the star Sirius and the Orion belt is not a coincidence because the alignment is within one arcsecond of that star that wasn't done by mistake and it I don't think could be done except A really really accurate theodolite. The theodolite is a like extremely accurate Transit and which didn't exist in those days. But if we had theodolites used to aim missiles and that's what you would need to align these pyramids to that kind of precision. I think if anything they're they're almost like a landing Beacon. So when a ship or an armada of ships comes into our solar system arrives at our that they want to know where do we land? Where's the place that we go? Here's the landing Beacon and you can see it from orbit. Yeah, and I exactly in the center of the plan mix. Yeah exactly in the center of the land mass of the planet and it used to be brilliant white with a gold cap on it that would that have been better. Make it a little bit easier. Yeah that that is another thing that blows my mind. So a chipped us Walks Into the Now River Valley and they see these Gorgeous perfectly finished white Limestone structures with Crystal capstone's and what's the first thing that comes to mind? Let's see what's inside of it strip all that Limestone off because I want some for my front porch and that's what's left and what a cherry now to end this discussion on but we are out of time. Thank you so much. Well, and I'd like for you to look at some of my inventions just to see whether or not I'm actually getting downloads as well because there's a every chance that I may be a receptacle right this surely Michael Jackson Prince Nikolai Tesla Leon buttons Kirk there. I'm just saying it's possible. I have visions. I have ideas, but I have these ideas. I can't get them out of my head aliens in the garden. Awesome. Thank you, sir. All right. Thanks, man. Contact e-mail box. Oh looks like we have a message here from Geraldine outlining her experience as a contactee. Okay, guys, I don't want to alarm you but this is kind of freaky listen to this. Okay, so my experience has began in 2013 October on an evening at three thirty three in the morning. I was vividly taken out of my bedroom window my home here in Union City, California taken on board a craft. And introduced to for small beings that were hybridized hybridized humans upon my return to my home. I woke up and the next day. I had the ability of seeing the multi-dimensional body and it completely changed my life and ever since that moment. I was incapable of understanding if that was real or what happened in 2017. I had a regression hypnotic regression and it was confirmed that that was indeed an abduction. That was Vivid. It turned out that I was a lifelong abductee since the age of five. So this particular group was a graze. They were told Grace. I have 24 hybrid children of which I'm a part of four different hybridization programs from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Basically, which is involved with the government. It's many different races that I've been involved in throughout my life. I've gone through several miscarriages and become pregnant even when I was not partner. With someone and I mean I have the medical bills to prove times where I ended up in the hospital after these contact experiences inseminations marks on my bodies and I am no longer able to have children now as a result of several procedures that were on you know, we they couldn't understand the gynecologist wasn't sure how it happened or what the scars or affect the happened within my body. So, you know, this is kind of like a lifelong thing and if it wasn't for the regression to help me rebuild Visit those events. I could not make sense of what happened in my very own life myself. It's very traumatic aliens is the farthest thing away from your mind of a possibility of anything. So obviously it wasn't until the 2013 Vivid Vivid experience that actually made me reconsider everything my entire Paradigm of belief and understanding of the world and that we live in so my life has completely changed. I dedicate myself to talking about this topic completely. So ancient astronaut theory to me those two words don't seem to go together in ancient astronauts astronauts feel like those are two different things. There's always a connection to to space the petroglyphs and the hieroglyphs that you see and certain structures pertaining to people of the Stars. Yeah. And so, you know the Godfather of it all the, you know, Erich von daniken who wrote that first very very controversial but Sadly best-selling novel Chariots of the Gods. Yeah, you know really sort of put that question out there as to is there a is there a history that where we haven't discussed yet that does not include some of the biblical teachings. Is there another idea that we've been here before or that we came from somewhere else other than an evolution through primates and to the petroglyphs in the hieroglyphs on these some of these structures some of them. Nobody can figure out like there are some weird weird car. Carvings and symbols and what have you in? I want to show you a couple Ethan and particular to get your thoughts. So there's this one is a great Mayan Emperor called pakal and he had a lid on his psycho Fergus and this picture on the sarcophagus is awesome. Did you got to go look it up just look at lid of pakal sarcophagus. Now, if you look at it, you hold it this way. There is clearly a person set and some kind of weird Contraption at the back of the contraption looks He much like fire or some kind of sort of jet stream. There's a whole bunch of kind of weird stuff that those look like petrol cans from a Willys Jeep, but the inches, he's holding on to some kind of control handle down at his feet this kind of pedals almost like he's kind of driving a car. No, I live commentary here, which is Turbo buttons is showing Ethan a picture with his laptop and Ethan is looking at the picture confused scratching his head trying to figure out if if what buttons is saying is complete Hogs Wallop or in fact factual truth and ideas from the future and perhaps even the answers to universe itself. I'm trying to blow his mind basically and then for the second one, there's a hieroglyphic panel on one of the pyramids in Egypt. Tell me what you see in these three objects. I mean, yeah, it's that looks like a spacecraft. It looks like something out of the Jetsons. Yeah. Wow that yep. What do you make What do you make of that mean? Do we know that's legit? Yeah, hold on a second legit. That's amazing. Yeah now obviously the show itself Ancient Aliens, if you haven't seen it, I highly recommend getting stuck into that. I think there's like how many seasons now 14 for sure. I just looked it up. It sounds like too many but okay 14 seasons of this show that you can really deep dive into what I love about it. Is it really opens up your mind to the possibilities of something other than what We're taught in our textbooks at school because when you go to school and you know, people still go to school they especially when they're young they you know, you're taught to stuff you and you you get it all from these books and then you regurgitate it out. And then they Mark you out of 10 or whatever and then you on your way. Yeah, you know and so there's got to be a more Modern Way of train of thought of learning opening your eyes now with the internet which cause we didn't have when we're at school. I'm showing my age Jasmine that like, for example I have And they are constantly on Youtube Learning and not just watching, you know dumb video game dudes skateboarding. They are some of it definitely those the ones my kids are watching. Yeah uncle but my smart kids are definitely like just absorbing info and you've got you were live in a world with the I fake news and we have to live by dissecting using our own Brands and picking out what we think is real and what we think is not and by asking and Talking and communicating again. It builds into the idea that we don't know the answers. We life is a series of questions and don't take everything for granted. Don't go don't take it all as fact go. Okay, what else is available? I mean look at ice creams. There's more than one flavor. Yeah, there's plenty. Yeah, some of it now isn't even real cream. Exactly fake Dairy. Listen, I was going to say with the with what buttons was just showing me one either Asian aliens. Crafts came down because it looks really detailed the hiring list or to somebody downloaded some information. They took some ancient DMT or something. I don't know what and just guy come the day. Yeah. I got these visions of the future currently scribbled them out. And then oh my God, I gotta draw a sort of a temple. Yeah. I mean, I'm already drawing the dragonfly. Let me here we go. What are you doing II just had a download what Google does is my temple. Don't sound like a horse. Trotting away main ran like horses back in those days. I didn't have that. That was another that's another theory. Not a fierce. Very good. Very good theory while we're on that topic check this out news a hundred and forty three new NASCAR geoglyphs have been discovered in Peru. What? Wow, yeah, just now yeah researchers have used an artificial intelligence to identify previously unseen drawings on the desert floor. Whoa. So how did we not know until now? Clement it with it researchers from Japan's Yamagata University have revealed the discovery of 143 additional geoglyphs dating back to between 100 BCE and 300 C. This is an article from science alert. So two points to this the NASCAR lines which are already famous. And if you are in Peru, Denny point, I highly recommend you get a flight and you go up and you see them from above because they are mind. Blowing I mean, I have not done it personally, but I've definitely seen it and documentaries. Particularly Ancient Aliens. I think they show that quite often this for ten seasons of that. So I think there's probably two or three episodes where they show yep, but why don't we now Detail? No list. What some of the NASCAR line objects? Okay. I'm looking at a like a little shark dog looking thing. There's a big spider. There's definitely like a bird or like a stork. There's a couple of those there's a couples like flying eagle stork looking things one. Like a monkey for sure. Yeah and one looks like a person. Okay, so it seems like they're just kind of telling listing living things that are found here on this planet. Yes. Yes showing the sky Gods what's going on down here? Just while we got dis what we got dis what we got? Yeah. Well actually done this what we got. So enjoy it. Yeah. It's finding items like this from many many years ago that make you think that we were here before. Yeah that that we reached a certain Pinnacle of intellectual development and then something happened and we had to start again, you know in this is the Atlantis Theory as well and we don't even need to go into the whole fact that people believed that the pyramids were built as massive Tesla coil type batteries and that there's pyramids not only in Egypt. There's there also pyramids in Peru. There's pyramids China and China and Antarctica allegedly. So what was happening with the With a broadcasting power to each other. I don't know but maybe yes, I've got a poem Oh my God. Yeah. This is a poem would be great. I hope this sums up how we feeling about today and going on woods from here with the experiences. And I mean, I like to end every good day with a poem good. So it's by you even better check it out. What are these things these things? We see they appear from up above raining down to capture our souls if they yet heard of love. What do they want? And when do they want it? That's right. I'm starting a chant. We want to tap in and be part of the spin and no one can tell us we can't the truth. My friends. It isn't out there. It's inside the minds of us all so drop what you're doing because the cows are mooing beam them up belly up. That's the call. We know what is happening and it is William shattering that they think that we're kept in the dark because when I get on board with my jokes and my sword the humans will have their best narc. Going undercover like a young Danny Glover, I'll poke and prod them myself and when the answers are found, I'll write them all down in a book that you'll hide on your shelf. Well, that's it for this week. Thanks for listening. And we look forward to listening to you next week. That's right. It's your turn aliens like us as a Spotify original podcast produced in collaboration with lamb burger production. Our producers are Miri star be Leon buttons cook Beck Ethan Edinburgh and Rosie can a-hinder be theme music by head love and pass man original music by Sean Tracy executive producers for Spotify are Bert Coleman and Allison Johnson listen for free and follow on Spotify. Our producers are Miri star be Leon buttons cook Beck Ethan Edinburgh and Rosie can a-hinder be theme music by head love and pass man original music by Sean Tracy executive producers for Spotify are Bert Coleman and Allison Johnson listen for free and follow on Spotify.