Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org. Donut and we have black girls create merch so head up head over to our website and step up your nerd fashion and stationary game. And if you want to support us, but don't have the funds to do. So right interview with on iTunes also subscribe to Black which is weekly our newsletter curated by wizard Bay Deborah with nerd news and links to what's been going on. So if you want to be in the know be sure to subscribe you can do that at black girls create dot-org. And now for weather team news, it's March and how so March shut up everyone. You did it. We did it you did it. It was great. Um black words of History Month is over, which is awesome. But it was also like the best one we've had. And I think like we did the most this year but also like it was way more. Yeah, it was a Smith has ever gone like I Two out of five of us two and a half out of five of us were able to go on a full-on like binge in a totally different fandom. One of us was able to like a quote become of us are able to miss certain things and it still happen. Like that was great. This is the first time we've had this many people doing it. Yeah, that was a nice kind of been all over the place. So I've been like can I do it? I can do it. I'm gonna do it. No. Okay, I can't do it but it's done. Okay, cool. So shout out to everyone that helped make that happen. Yeah also side note completely unrelated Trader Joseph Smith works right now. And I don't know if it's not, you know, it's not every Trader Joes or whatever but there's mythix red L that you can buy like and take home with you and it's an exciting thing is like the first time first time I went to London. I literally just like binge on smithwick's it's so good. It reminds me why I like beer. I'm happy for you. Like it's like drinking juice. It's like they're not juice through the thing like this but it tastes like beer but it's one of those things where you're like, oh, yeah. This is an enjoyable sensation. It's not just something that you know, you do want to fight. I don't know who you are. But you know, I don't drink beer and I also now can't drink beer. So all right. Um, Magical things yes. Is there anything else anything else? Other than like keep checking account? It doesn't stop it. Does it slows down but it doesn't stop. Um, so sorry. I'm like eating chocolate. So yeah, I think that's it magical bro. You know, our Facebook group has officially shut down. Yes. So if you're looking for ways in which you can communicate with us talk to us we are on the Phil Twitter we block innards block those create everywhere else use the comment section and our website, you know, we put the episode up if you've got something you can write it in the comments there. You can join our slack Channel you can send an email and I'll post we block innards at gmail.com. So we're still here. Yeah, we're just not gone and we have lots of yeah. Things, you know, it's our fifth year about to be cool wild looks at go to school. Yep about school age. Yeah. Cool magical birthdays. Um last Tuesday we missed this one because it was a timey-wimey episode but last Tuesday was Makai is birthday. So shout out to Micaiah and then feel like there's one more. Oops. Oh Friday is kourtney's birthday. So she wasn't working Courtney. Um, yeah, so tomorrow prior great birthdays. and many more, you know on Channel 4 and Scooby-Doo on channel 2 and all the rest on PBS series that I don't you don't know shit. I believe you. I just don't remember we cover it anymore. Okay, cool. Anyway, um previously on Wizard team. I truly don't really pedal a lot has happened since the last time but let's look um, oh okay previously on which team I figured it out. Yeah. That was good. That was a good rain is a great car. Yeah. So Credence gets punished for staying out late and then new and Jacob are on the go to try to find the rest of the beasts. We get the nefler in a diamond shop trying to you know, get his bag but Newt stops him and then they go and they find they have to go to the zoo because all the animals broke out. So that is to go to the zoo to find the rest. So they go and they get to the what is it called again? The zoo no, no, no the anthem of the Beast that they have to go to show them the trumpet. Yes. Thank you. So then they go to get the around pit which results in hijinks, but they eventually save it even though they're like are able to get it into the case, even though it's bigger than Jacob and there was like a hole to do about that as up to a result in hydrant would often results in an anomaly, you know the doctors. I think it's a anomaly or where they call it. Like rose couldn't go back to your dad because it would create a paradox a paradox. Got it. And created a bunch of magical Paradox. Yes. Absolutely. How can you get into the case and I escaped out of the case now he escaped out of the case and I'll get back in another case. Why did Jacob having a hard time shimming in but be around but do you want bit a giant rhinoceros basically had no problem at all. I was looking at the because I would have to find a good clip. Mmm, and there's a gift because apparently in the movie. No it is New open the case for the rapid fall into but they're sliding around on Ice. Yeah, and he holds the case open like it's a blanket these going to envelop him in so the case also it's not plural. And yeah, so does it open like a wormhole? Yeah. I don't know. We have to re-watch this movie I have question have to is the question like do we actually have to I have questions now that you can watch the you go right ahead not doing it by myself. lit, what kind of like NASA kisses kisses and also if left to my own devices, I'm just gonna keep watching trash reality shows man. I don't see why that's a problem. Honestly Bianca we have to they already said we didn't have to so I'm very happy. We didn't have to zandi said of chocolate. So I just feel like and that's y'all are getting something out of this eye. We're not getting nothing out of this. We got chocolate and I was already told Buys a that we didn't have to watch the movie. They said it's not already and I'm happy to hear some chocolate for reading it. Yeah, so we're going to need something that I don't know like something stronger Vanessa bottle. You better get to duty-free. Let's do it. But still anyway moving on. I just have questions about that because it doesn't touch the floor so that you won't have to jump it, you know, I mean, I think it ended up Hang on the floor though. Okay? Okay. I think it's like literally held it up. Nobody gonna happen at a certain point. I think he likes slides it and so he kind of just like falls into it. All right ever. Yeah, all right. Um, so meanwhile the goldstein's are all upset because Newton Jacob disappeared and they sent their brother hot cocoa cocoa, but they still laughed once I get the around pit. They go back into our Newton Newton. Jacob want to get the around but they go back into the case and then Tina sits on it and is like I'm taking you I'm taking the case. So now she has the case and then meanwhile some ugly that happened in the waffle. Yeah. Yeah, meanwhile, some Muggles are doing some Muggle things and trying to start a presidential campaign and then the dude gets murdered because it's girl is a straight murder. Yeah, premeditated and everything. Yeah, because that's it has that ability apparently? That's it. I think. Yeah, yep. Okay, cool. So seem 59. We're in the makua lobby the magical the the giant Molly Weasley clock is now moved from severe to emergency because it knows that apparently which you know magic Molly's new Molly's clock is up is not at all special. It's not one of a kind like we were led to believe, you know, you can just go buy that thing up with it Ikea. Yep, boom. Hmm. Um, so awful is that not like that is look very blatant example of laziness and like it was that necessary. It was literally like, oh, I mean really the string of the use it again. I don't even know the thing is I don't even know if she was really realize about she did I think she was trying to think of it as like the Wildfire thing with their like they like the clarity measure. Yeah. Remember you probably don't remember because you're a child, but when George W wasn't with president and he and Tooted a color-coded system, which was just like it's or Threat Level orange. It was like fun. I mean every time I would do that as well. Yeah. I know that was a thing. I don't remember like because it was dumb. Yeah. I mean I was I was a kid. So in terms of like I remember him doing that but I don't remember thinking deeply about it. You know, I mean, I remember being like yeah see Bianca said the same thing the color system I was six so I know that there was a color system place. That's past that have none I was aware that that was away. I knew who had happened. Well, no, not six. I was like seven but still I knew it and literally it's kind of like Mommy's car system at school, which I mean if you know more than me, but every time I'm like, okay, which one is that? Is that good? What does that mean? Yeah, just tell me just tell me what to give it a title. Yeah. So you say I'm Delia. She only knows Threat Level Midnight the greatest. cinematic No, the whole nine yards. No, it's the greatest cinematic event of all time. Threat Level Midnight Michael scarn no, okay, it's fine the office you only get that good that giddy about the office. It's not true. Yeah, that's true. Um Anyway, so Tina is running up the lobby steps with the case in hand meanwhile in the pentagram office, which I just realized that's what it's called. I don't know if they said the pentagram. No, I know I'm saying I don't know if they actually ever specifically named it this in the movie. So it's kind of like oh, yeah, I definitely wouldn't Read because I kind of skipping like, you know what I mean, but like they call it the Pinta it did they call it the pentagram because it's America is my question like the Oval Office. I don't know what a pentagram is, but the pilots I didn't know it's a pentagon. So I'm like is it supposed to be? It doesn't matter really your Google maybe because it's like the Oval Office but also the Pentagon, you know, maybe she was like look at me do anything a pentagram is the shape of the five-pointed star symbolically ancient or used symbolically in ancient Greece and Babylonia and are used today of symbol of faith by many wiccans akin to the use of the Cross by Christians. Okay, you got which is awesome. No, I learned something today. So that's not also like I mean feel how you feel about wiccans. That's also a religion. Yeah, I mean she's got things from like everything. She does not give a single fuck but it to me. It's not to the same extreme, but I'm in the same vein as like what she does Native Americans which is like a lot of Wickham's are like take my religion. Seriously. It's a religion that like, you know matters to me is Spiritual whatever it's not fairy tales. It's not Harry Potter. Like right. I mean in the she's like yeah, let me do that ever. Take care of some of your face. Hmm make it magic TM. Mmm copyright give you my coins. Absolutely Delia points out that I also get giddy about zatara. We're not bringing that here. It's too late. It's we're not bringing brought. Well forgot to say that's all I was gonna say. Well, I'll start talking about trashy reality show we can do that. I'm not caught up on housewives, but we can do it. Oh, I know. I'm gonna do it after girl. I need a kick in after this. I'm that's my that's my next thing I'm going to do with someone on Twitter was like give Mark a peach and I was like for real, can we though because like markup each he's good. Is he? Okay? Okay. Stop stop stop. Yeah watch it. Got it. Anyway, um, so I was blind we're in the pool. We're in the pentagram office. It's an impressive haul arranged like an old Parliament de blois. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait wait Delia. Just sent us $20 with a note go get y'all some alcohol and just do the dang movie. Hashtag stamps. You you have to watch it to then them. Do we need to send you $10 to buy yourselves right take this $20 back. You director of marketing Rights of Man. That's why you we finna put we've been a bring rabbit back and we could watch it together. We might as well take that done like this money back and be you're so people on another level like not only be your own people, but it be your own people. That's crazy. That's crazy. That's wild you hate to see it. Wow, you just around this again. I was like wait, wait, why is delegate why am I getting rid of mouth from PayPal about Delia right? We're getting derailed from capacities about fantastic. That's a new that's a new one. Wow, okay moving on. This was a mistake all of it. Not just reading this. All of it was a mistake black girls create one is why we can't have nice. It's ever been a nice thing. Actually. It's true. That's very true. Wow. Wow. That's crazy. Um, okay. So we're in the pentagram office every seat is occupied by Wizards from all parts of the world. So I'm assuming it's International Confederation of wizards. Um, but I'm also curious like how they congregated so quickly like, You know, maybe they can operate inside the inside the Kusa and said the pentagram office, but also like well people coming from the basement. Yeah, if mad at me all these in China she could be in you don't know she's just in Asia, Japan India Asia. She could be in I'm just a little jealous and she could be in part to Russia. Nope. She just like out in films in Siberia. Just Adam Asia. I hate it what our borders some cultural know, maybe it markers. So Swiss delegate Heinrich a burst at I guess is speaking and he says our American friends have fermented have permitted a breach of the statute of secrecy, which who gives a fuck that threatens to expose us. All pichkiri says she won't be like her lectured by a man who like Gellert Grindelwald. Wald split throw yours, even though the man is standing right next to you like I just like yikes but after this figure something out what this is like the UN they actually all live in New York like we would in boxers just live in New York. Okay, I can see that but okay. So this is what does that mean that the is this? So they're like is this the international Confederation of wizards or is it a different I think is my question is like is a different body. I mean it could be and then maybe the International Federation was with came later or something and then is it it's in New York. What was the first un it wasn't called the UN, but it was that maybe that's what it is. I'm gonna google it because I mean this I actually am kind of interested in just for like I'm sure there's nothing yeah, I mean, let me just say don't say not really we're kind of gotten to this place where I'm sure that there's like a whole list of like background information that they give you and like you didn't know this and it's like no I didn't know if you didn't put in the movie. Yeah, I mean, okay, so it is and it has always been the rough equivalent to the UN, but Pretty 16. I don't want to know about that. I want to know about. Sorry, just real quick. So. So December 6 1926 Wizarding newspaper the New York dope the New York ghost. Sorry. This is on the wiki reported that the Confederation called an emergency meeting to address magical disturbances that were risking exposure The Wizarding World. They threatened to send a delegation to the US. Okay, so that's basically what's going on now. I guess we're reading and reported that marcuzzo would be working with Confederation to crack down on illegal Wizards in New York. I guess the question is like do they just move around or like do they is this where they are? Don't think it says. I don't think it's I think it's worth supposed to infer that. It's like the UN. Yes. I'm just no not that I'm just like trying figure out how they all got here is mostly what I'm this is mostly my question. We're never gonna know but whatever. Okay what every way whatever you believe happened? Yeah, I will say this what what like, I think the UK is like the size of Texas or something like that. Might be bigger. I'm not sure but it's one of those like things were. Why is New York is a major city and it's important and like, you know, if I again like when 9/11 happened like the president was on the ground and they were talking about it and keeping New York Safe wasn't important thing that the president was focused on but the president was also focused on the other 50 states and like what else could be the next Target. It seems like she's writing this like New York City is America. Yeah. And I'm just like it's real Mmm Yeah, it's annoying because she doesn't know. No she's been to to have a billion dollars in such a limited world view is crazy to me. You know how much I would travel. I mean, I guess you can't feel like really loud travel travel because yeah take care of but I mean she's a writer do a lot of people. I mean we know who she looks like but Can't you just move freely but on a hat do Tina Goldstein put your put the tubes are collar after collar up go see the world hot dog. Eat hotdogs. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know but you don't understand. I don't know. It just feels like she's like fundamentally doesn't understand. the size and scope of the world and the differences within it Yeah Empire with a hell of a drug man. I hope you what I tell you. Why I'm CSI Madame. Curie is Boston up, even though the dude she's talking about is right next to you right next to her right hand man. There's a hologram image of Senator Shaw dead and his dad and twisted body floats a high above the room and getting a glowing light. I just wish that they had called it something else and not a hologram since this is Magic and not Star Wars, but it's cool. We got it. We know what that means. So I guess that's all that really matters. It's all heads turn as Tina hurries. The chamber and she always intruding on important meeting. So she just be bursting in she'll know what she coming into. She's just like I gotta talk to such as I got a section 3A or whatever the fuck she's like. I'm so sorry to interrupt but this is critical. Madam pichkiri is like you better have an excellent excuse and she says yes yesterday a wizard entered New York with a case the case full of magical creatures and unfortunately some have escaped and Madame Curie is like you've known for 24 hours that an unregistered wizard of set magical beasts loose in New York and you only saw fit to tell us now only when a man has been killed and it's like so one Tina don't know that she's been killed because y'all put her down with the no hoes second. Did she try to talk to you yesterday? Like she came up to the meeting and you say way before she could say anything so I just feel like Be careful. Don't knock your beer on I just I just feel like I've done this is all so contrived. Like it's also contrived it's where she was. She's down with the nose. Oh Jesus. Oh God, you sent her down with the know-how. That's where she was and I just feel like you keep saying that's where she was but it don't make you know better. Oh God. I just it's also like it's you can the problem is you can see her like didn't yeah or like, um, I read this somewhere I don't know why but you know, I write things and I have to read things about writing things and like talking about. Like when you like it's there's a difference between like not a difference between you can tell if you can tell when like if you can hear the or like see the author's wheels turning as you're reading and it's not good. Yeah, you can tell that they're like okay with them we have to do this and then we have to go here and then this has happened in this has happened, but you're not in the story. You're very much just like okay. This is happening I guess. She's not doing anything original. You can see that she's just trying to get from point A to point B. She's just trying to like nobody's doing anything that really makes any sense. It just serves the plot so that she can get like, oh, I want to see this thing. I want to show this I want to do this and like it just is You always your eyes like I do always removed from being like immersed in this right there are times in which yeah, I also do this. I'll say this. I'll give this to Twilight and 50 Shades of Gray and even like to all the boys which is like a different level of not good but like not on that same level. I feel bad. I'm take to all the boys out of it. Um, but Fifty Shades of Grey and Twilight and probably a no Insurgent. There's another one mmm. Diverse diverse but no one surgeon is the second one. Is that one? Yeah. Yeah, so that's what I am trying to insert because that's what I'm talking about. I got you would be reading it being like God this is bad rating, but I still need to know what happens next. That's how I read. Yeah, all of 50 Shades of Grey Twilight the first one obviously cuz I ran out like hey, yeah, and again, I apologize but the second Breaking Dawn no new moon new moon in surgeon. Aunt and then just all of 50 Shades of Grey because right away. I knew Fifty Shades of Grey with trash but I was like, this is trash but what happens next, right? So, okay. Well, where is he if I hear you say the mother or Mercurial or but whatever whim against itself is like not even if you're like a lot better choices and word choices. The fundamental story in the plotting. It's like okay, but I still want to know what happened. What's happening. Whereas in this case who is like I even if it's written well, like the words are fine. Mostly. Yeah, but like the plotting and the stride is not like I just I already know what's gonna happen next because you're just going you're just like pulling us on this road that like has been tried a bunch of times is like not this nothing shocking or original or and it's too many things going on that phenomenally interesting. Yeah. Yeah, nothing interesting happening yet. I think that that's like if that's an interesting point because it is definitely I want to know what's happening versus like well, I guess I'm just going to keep it special because it's a movie. It's like well, I'm already here and I'm sitting it's creative. It doesn't take three months to watch it right contrary to what we're doing. But yeah, so I think that that is like a good observation to make is like it definitely is a well. I guess I'm here now, so I'm yeah. But not at all like it's all excited about it. So Tina's like who's been Bianca that making meetings that could have been emailed me too. That's basically what this is is a full day all the brought everybody from all the delegates. So Tina asks who's been killed because she doesn't know that that's the thing that happened even though she was just outside the spot. Which leg why even be outside this anyway doesn't matter. Anyway, Madam Bakery is like where does it get around? Like, where are we talked about this when like they went to their are back at the zoo. Yeah and like yeah Apparition happens, whatever but like this is the thing that all stories do this is not a Fantastic Beasts criticism. How come you always showed up this place at the exact right time that you got to be there? You don't have to like wait and like obviously I don't this is easy way to see you. Wait. Yeah, but you just like I just for one one story one time. I'm gonna write it I guess. Go somewhere and be like I'm 20 minutes early. So I sat down and read a book. Like why won't he wake that a bit about we wait for everyone like I'm you show up and everybody already here and then we go in or like oh, I was coming to look for you and yet you walk. No, I want to see here actually looking for the person you ever like that gonna happen when you're like, I'm going to look for my antibiotic came down and we are past cause ha but it doesn't happen all the time A lot of times. It's like I'm running around like Bayou. Where you at? What's going on? What's going on? Where are you? Yeah, I get it. I get what you mean. It's annoying. Okay, um nothing to do with it. So Madam agree asked where the man is so t necessitates flat thumps the lid after a second or two. It creaks open first Newt then Jacob emerges looking sheepish and nervous. So like they feel like they should look a little more surprise right? Because I didn't see her see her she can you hear in there? I mean, maybe they know when the case has been picked up. Maybe that's what it is. Yeah, so they're like, oh shit, we been picked up but like we don't see that part. We don't see them inside right I'm being like oh yikes. So the British Envoy are in trouble. Now the British Envoy says scamander and apparently it's the minister of magic. So I just don't know why it's called the why it says British Envoy and then why is the Minister of magic are I could seep Serafina being there because they're in her journey ended and it directly affects her City. Anyway, these people have jobs. It doesn't make any sense. Maybe it's maybe it's a minister something else. But I think it's just the minister of magic. They have Minister imagine. They have had to the apartment of well, I mean, you know, they have the American Ministry of magic. So maybe serafina's can be there because the head of the American Ministry of magic is doing something else as well because Luke Isaiah and the American minister of magic are two different things. No, I'm just trying to make it got it work. So then Momo Wu Wu Soon Watterson. Oh, no, this other dude is like Theseus Commander the war hero which like I don't give a fuck about like this is when they're trying to like give us little hints to like newts backstory or whatever and like who gives a bleep who gives also who the fuck names their kid Theseus and the names the other one newton. There's no his name got to be something else got to be like Newton or like Newtonian physics of Newtonian Tommy its Commander. Yeah, I could call his brother like this or something. I don't know because I don't know what I'm I don't even know his brother was named Theseus. He got a bad bitch on his arm. Not really. I mean the Kravitz is a bad bitch, but little strange. I just don't know who it's like. Yeah. No, I also hate. I fundamentally hate we talked about this before it's like if the ministry like if the America nothing American what's another place if the British Wizarding World if there wasn't one in general is supposed to be 2% 3% of the population. How does the minister of magic just know Newt Off Top by faith like new because what we know from about Newt right now is that he got kicked out of Hogwarts and he's running an illegal. Like magical creature Sanctuary out of his briefcase. Yeah. So why would the minister of magic know who he is right. Bye. I'm fine. Yeah, it's very strange. But I guess because it's supposed to be so small or whatever how small I work at a place and there's about like 90 employees and I know the names of like five of them because he got expelled but even I'm just making sure that I really have no idea it doesn't make sense. He's not Harry Potter, right? He Harry Potter was well, even if he got expelled he's not from what we know. He's got like always in the news. So this British Envoy has like no, this is his little brother. What in the name of Merlin are you doing in New York? Which like what are you doing in New York broke also like y'all can't travel aren't you supposed to be running the country? Yeah friends. That's crazy. He's gonna do me like granted. He should not be here doing what he's doing at least not like in the way that things are going down. But like people to just notify you every time he tells new New tells dude, he's there to buy Appaloosa Puffs Keynes and the British Envoy is like, right. What are you really doing here? Which like clearly then that means that they like know each other at Aureus weird the notorious mass magical. So then Hickory asks time even though you have to think of Newt is just like that whatever about Cavalier about the sector of secrecy, they might know him it's true. But also then why is he not not masked man? I don't want to be 10 people ask me about you know, the like lower the curtain or something. Yeah like the loaf. Purity Place Maggie asked if Newt is pure blood and maybe they know each other from functions that's possible but I don't remember who this pure-blooded function. I don't know. I love that song. I just want this to be over so I can go back to watching trash around cool. So let's keep going. So Tina introduces. Jacob says, he's a nomad you got bitten by one of his commanders creatures. Everyone's like really upset and stuff and then Newt see Senator Shaw's body and it Merlin's beard. So at least we got like two Marlins up in here. So I'm Rollin is going strong, but I think they're trying to make it a British ISM and not whether Islam which bullshit is dumb. Anyway, you know how much we know about British culture whether we want to or not, right? Like we know who Merlin is. Goddamn and if it is like if there is going to be an americanism or whatever, like let it be the same person she out here with Mercy Thompson. That's that's my brother Mercy someone some other name. Yeah, like they're all different people who yeah. When we just say god dammit exactly geez geez, which is we all about one dude and his kid. Yeah. We are very specific very specifically in our Evolution merci merci. So Madam Yazoo, which no never ever ever. Not even a little bit. I mean, this is from the same woman who bought this Cho Chang and what was her blows pet ponzu Pangaea. Thank you. So we're looking at where we expect any really what do we think? I mean, I don't know that I was really expecting anything from her. But like wow. That's the thing. Yeah strike three. People from Asia because that's all different places like damn the whole continent. I mean the whole content I see it. We got Cho Chang ponzu ponzu and jus pan Jus Ponzi was actually like a food. Yeah. Um, I don't think I can eat that anymore either coach Cho Chang Zhu pan Jus and you know why we have to keep saying y'all don't know. Gals, do y'all do y'all do? And she put the patella tendon ugly outfits of the opal if he did do that and like how does pronounce their names wrong insured it for years? Decades. Um, so well, you know, you should be friends. You said the exact same thing infected. No, I are you ready. Yeah. Sorry. That was Delia. It wasn't me. Um, we should be friends like you guys look at a lot. Yeah. I knew that was gonna happen. Mars hurry up. Oh, man. I spilled beer on my carpet. Oh, the only good thing about this book is that it's cute. It's true. It's fine here. I'm sure it's dry I'm saying. Oh, yeah. I was most Rosie. I got it on my pants one second. It's like a bar forever. It's cool. I have a candles. - I mean, I don't know. I don't have a sense of smell but it doesn't fuckin drunk there now. It's not that strong. Um, it's a Red Ale. My mom is gonna come in and be like, what are you been doing him? It's the red L. It has literally like two percent alcohol. No, it's probably fun. It's from Ireland. Okay, so good. Sorry those fine. Um, I was just like really excited when I saw it. So it's fine. I want to talk about Smith. Wait, let me know you do welcome to wizard T. Talk about this beer is Irish. Beer that I haven't had in a couple years, but I really love um Okay, so They're asking knew what which creature was responsible for the dude being killed and Newton's like don't pretend you must know what that was. Look at the marks and he says it was an excuse obscurus. Everybody gasps. They're like, how dare out of pichkiri says you go too far. There is no obscure oil in America how but how would you know that? it's like but also I just did is he real something that everyone knows and it's like a shame to talk about or isn't obscure real this rare thing that like many people haven't seen made it easy to make the obscurity of Voldemort. But why they all gasping? How dare you this is all this is all gobbler fire, right? But like to me like the Obscure real should be a comment on how crappy the Social Services is the Wizarding World are because like having that's Carol is having a failure of caretakers of government of like it's feeling a child. Yeah, so maybe that's why they're so shocked by it and it's one of the things like we don't we treat our children with dignity and our children are well cared for sure. But you also your right your present like she's like there are none in America America's fucking huge. Like how would you how is it possible to know that there are no obscure riyals. I know there's no of America is no gay people in Uganda. Do you know that? They don't have a and Iran they don't have them in like a lot of countries. Yeah, they just don't exist. Yeah, so, you know it just is I don't know. W says that it was at this point in the movie where she rolled her eyes and was annoyed because she felt we had just started or she had just started enjoying it with all the beasts sure and says that pichkiri is a black woman from the south in the early 1900's. She has to know there's some dark repressed mess evolving involving magic and that's the thing is like is she though? Is she a black woman from the south in the 1900? Is she really? No? She's not She's just diversity points. Okay. So anyway, then he has Graves take the she has Graves take the case says to arrest but also that doesn't do anything if Tina just said that some of them have escaped. Yeah, that's gonna kill him. So I think that they probably don't care because they're just like but now we know every time the kids kill all the creatures. Humans are trapped - I'm so new tops at like give that back and then she says arrested them. So basically she's just fudge, but Jacob isn't here like, you know what's going on. But so then they also there in a dazzling eruptions of spells hits new Tina and Jacob. So how did she get caught up when she turned them in also and she's gotten arrested too. Even though she was like I can see getting like like, oh you knew for 24 hours. So you get like more punished than I guess she has been but like arrested she brought them to you. She didn't like get caught in the case as well. Anyway, I feel like you're trying to make this make sense. And I personally just want to bring them together so they can be in they want to be I can make a make sense because they want Newton Tina be together so that they can like be really awkward and romance are really know what love is apparently it's just them standing next to each other. Oh, no, sorry. Yeah, that's all it is and getting arrested. All right, so the newts all upset and he's like don't hurt the creatures nothing in there is dangerous. Eddie does his thing here but like I don't really care because we're reading it in a stupid and he's just really sad about his creatures even though I'm sad about the creatures mostly because they're just not here and then this was in there though I just mean like their mama sobbing it's true yeah like out of sight out of mind um so now what is this this is called Fantastic Beasts and Where to find them and they're like kill the Beast we haven't there in the they're in there in the case we don't missing I guess we find that they were moving to more they got out yeah because this is actually where to find them you don't want it's like it's a basic like Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them go to the zoo yeah like yeah Anyway, okay. So now we're going to choose the cell seen 61 Newt has his head in his hands and utter despair about his creatures Tina's like I'm so sorry about your creatures mrs. Commander. I truly am but didn't you just turn them into I just don't that's a thing but I think they forgot so sure she forgot so quickly that Tina is the one who turned them in because if she had just been caught to buy some other like random Mikasa, whatever then like cool she could apologize. But what did you think was gonna happen when she said It's all these creatures or she should at least feel like she should be outraged like the I didn't think that this is what was gonna happen people feel like she should go because she has been every time she's like every time he mentioned something about a creature. He's like, oh she's like, oh so how to hunt them. I like how you I mean like she knows what this culture is. And so she should know when she's taking it to the thing what's going to happen. I'm really sorry but idea I yeah and like maybe there's like a couple things like I think it would be far more good make pharmacist for her to be like, I don't know why the fuck they arrested me this Is some bullshit. Yeah, I'm not with y'all not I'm sorry for the thing that I just did played a large role in. Yeah directly like not even just I accidentally got caught up like no you turn walk through them doors and up the stairs and into the meeting for the International Federation of wizards and was like here. Here's some beasts. Like what did you think there was gonna let him keep them. Like, I just don't understand. But I mean, I wish I could give you. any sense of like a explanation that would make sense, but I can't because it doesn't. Just fundamentally doesn't make any sense. Oh, yeah. Yeah, um also so then whole thing is done, it's on them. So when Jacob asks about the Obscure real thing and ask what it is Newt or Tina says that there hasn't been one for centuries and the newts like I met one in Sudan three months ago. So there's that saying that there used to be more of them, but they still exist before Wizards went underground. When they were still being hunted by Muggles young Wizards and witches, sometimes try to suppress their magic to avoid persecution instead of learning to harness or to control their powers. They developed what was called and obscurus so one it's not a preacher. It's it's like a like a magical condition. Yeah, like a bite not a virus a virus is the wrong word. Kashama. Don't yell at me. Like reduction. Mmm sort of yeah, I guess order because like you have something like what fester and then get infected. Yeah, like the magic Gene. Yeah. Yeah, actually, you know, yeah, so think of it like scientific term the not like growth aside at all like whatever. Yeah. Well, yeah and and I will say that like of the things of the story like I in this world will say this particularly once we get to in crimes Grindelwald like not It matters anymore. So whatever but like the obscurus like I think is really interesting to me. Yeah, that's like a concept and so when they introduced this one, that's an aha moment like up there goes our doors to sister but also like that like that's that's kind of a big deal and it's also an opportunity for her to actually like deal with like some of the bullshit that goes on like this is kind of like, you know, I mean like why would you if you know that this could happen. Why would you leave Harry Potter with the dursleys? Why would you not, you know what I mean like and so Weirdly like I was like, oh maybe she's gonna go in on some of the things that she failed at when I think it's like understand. Alright, like you make the story like, oh the displays are awful bubble of lime and after it gets really since all said and done and people are people like really connect to it and they start asking questions about the larger world and then you're like, oh, yeah, I didn't really think about like what would happen right? And if I love into that right super super interesting and I think that that's like that could have work. I think the problem was also wouldn't have been caught Fantastic Beasts and Where to find if not even a little bit and I think one probably shouldn't probably should have been a prequel it should be and it should be a book should be movie should learn a lot of things. I also think that like the reason why it gets so squandered is because she again thinks of it just as a tool to move the plot forward as opposed to like it actually really interesting concept and then on top of that she has like five other storylines As in them, so then even that like it just all kind of shade never been none of it really makes the impact that I think she's trying to make because she's trying to do it all at once right Bianca. Ask the question if the magic world have mental health services, would it exist? No, no, no no Health, but like also like social workers in life, but also not not no right there still like with Ariana like she right. Yeah preceded by muggle-borns and so like it would still happen. I'm just would they would they have gotten further and figuring out a cure for it would they have like facilities so that you know like they could go and like yeah, you bring into you start to bring in like institutionalizing people, but you don't even like having a place for them or like the same thing as werewolves like would there be like Like institutional change that would help allow children with the squirrels to like live longer and longer or live comfortably or learn how to start to control or anything like doing research to kind of figure out how to like fix it and then all of a sudden it's like measles and it exists but doesn't right you did I mean until until like new age whether it's come up in there like my kid doesn't need your vaccines and right whatever. So Tina is like it's unstable and uncontrollable dark force that bursts out in times of dark. Why is always dark capital D dark too, but like that's what they just that's just what they call scary magic. They don't understand like just because you're like the magic is uncontrollable and can and is harmful doesn't mean it's dark like it's not a horcrux. You know what I mean? Like, you know, I don't I mean, I'm generally I don't like the concept of dark magic but like if we're just going to use it as It is what it is in this world. Like it's not something that someone is like actively going out to create or to like make ornament, you know, like our to make happen or whatever like it's a good conscience. I mean created in society which right a premeditated murderer generally not seeking to harm people right harm is a side effect of it right without the point or there's not like a Malicious intent, I guess unless you're Credence in are going to work people right? Sorry second in our second example of an obscure Reyes. Mmm. It's also a premeditated murder. Right? So then all of them are kind of realizing that the Obscure herb, she's kind of realizing that the obscurus fits everything she knows about the perpetrator of the New York attacks. Tina's like obscurity of can't last long can they and Newt explains? There's no documented case of any obscure real surviving past the age of 10 and then Jacobs like The senator was killed by a kid. And see seen 62 we see modesty approaching the table of which at which many orphan children are hungry eating and she's singing about which is gonna die and should again and then we see the children finished their meal and we see Chasity calling after them telling the hand and their leaflet. So chassis the one that we don't remember - he's the little girl Okay, that's that's all I now I'm sort of I still don't know who Chasity is and I don't remember anything about her. Um, we close out on Creedence who's washing dishes, but watching the children intently modesty follows last of the children out of the church scene 63. She's outside of second of the church and she's throwing the leaflets high in the air watching with Glee as they fall around her so that this is like where we're supposed to think that the obscurus is modesty. um I'm pretty sure the music swells or some shit it's like you know it could be it's her she's the dark thing that's scary oh um I'm looking at here on the bad thing I know you are um so since 64 are mccooz this El corredor to Executioner's in white coats which like why are y'all like hoteling wizard this me why the first part was that was weird creepy and they only races It wasn't it was racing to the point where I'd like that she even realize because I don't even understand. I don't know why it is but it is full part. We don't get to that. I think we get to that next week, but because I was reading and I thought we were going to get there but I think it cuts off of where we do in like yeah, it was like bear. I was just kind of I was really honest even me. I was like, I don't know why this is racist, but I know what I know. It's racing probably sitting there like feel feels wrong. I just but yeah anyway, so we're at the they lead new and Tina to a dark basement nukes like it was nice to meet you Jacob. I hope you get your bakery, um 65 when the interrogation room Graves sits opposite new at the interrogation desk a file open in front of him and Graves like you're an interesting man. Mr. Scamander Tina starts to talk with Graves like quiet. And then Grace like you were thrown out of Hogwarts for endangering human life. So and he's like that was an accident and so with a beast. So that's Haggard. It's just like Chamber of Secrets all over again except for like before Chamber of Secrets. So whatever yet one of your teachers strongly argued strongly against your expulsion. Now, what makes Albus Dumbledore so fond of you which like okay, they do that in the trailer because they put that in the kitchen. He's got hurt but also like they put that in the trailer. I remember Yeah, and they really sell yourself to be like oh Dumbledore likes new also, though. I feel like because of who I am in the way my brain is set up grindle all trash Graves of asking this because he's like are you effing my man you know yeah are you a rival in love we may not love are you trying to re couple you know messy it's messy in the chat to don't worry tell you that the Petronas chat with them do it all was a mistake very decided it's not the Petronas chat is just a symptom of a larger problem which is black girls create as a whole we were going to have remember you we're gonna have to like regroup and like never when we would do some soul-searching is what we're going to have to do remember way to do this without this yep I do like it was just you and me in a room talking Harry Potter yeah we didn't record anything record anything Over in a couple hours and nobody was involved besides eyes. We by ourselves would have been like fantastic who? Yeah, let's just keep talking about us. Talk about getting your Harry Potter. Yeah, let's go back to that. I think that'd be great. Yeah. Bye y'all we're done. This has been great. So news, like I really couldn't say engrave says is like so setting a dangerous path creatures loose was just another accident and needs like why would I do it? Deliberately and Grave says to expose was it kind to provoke war between magical and non-magical wizards or Matt? Sorry not magical worlds. And then it's like I'm not one of Grindelwald Fanatics, mr. Graves and just tiny change of expression that tells us that Newt has scored a hit Graves looking more minutes in because he's like, wow dang, you're not trying to do nothing trying to wreak havoc without me. Yeah, I thought we were cool. That's crazy. But like we said new can have friends. So, you know, it's you you got to find somebody else a torso. So Graves raises up the obscurus and newts case, so that's a loop. But also how because I thought it was much bigger and now it's coming off the case, but I don't know what this looks like and I also don't care to know it looks like Delia and Bianca just take that money back Delia you You got it by some by some more zatara's princess thing that we did this week. So you bought two feet are planted in the mail. They shipped. I'm not even gonna tell you how much money I spent. It's problematic y'all doing all this stuff when really what needs to happen is you both need to be writing some more Blazer Miami and Dean Hermione so I can read okay. I'm more Blazer my knee for sure. I know that I know that the other ones coming. I know the dean my knee is on that. I have books to write you do you do I'm just saying if you going to be distracted at least let it be mutually benefit is my wallet less detrimental to you and Maggie you too can get this heat cause I need my Wolf star persuasion fake. putting you on blast all of you Bianca you should also be writing how about this cancel this recording all y'all get on your computer starts up - I'm gonna watch love is blind and I'll be back when it's time for me to read boom bobbed it recording over have you read all the BSU verbs pick yeah oh no I haven't read the dragon leather jacket that's a good one read that one that will take me but it's but you were running me cool painting that has Mutual pining super super Mutual super pining all right yeah read that and then you also read it too hmm shouts economy shut up to the like Hogwarts be a few of the BSE birth in general because there was a moment there actually like right now there's a moment right now and I was like I'm just gonna go open up the Survivor again but I'm gonna give me that and I think I'm good I think you know I have like a few more but but mostly I'm caught up I need to take advantage of this reading time I should be writing things as well but you know ADHD okay so we're almost done um so Graves is like so what's this what is this Tina stairs disbelieving grades which has a hand towards the of scariest he's utterly fascinated at a sudden close proximity of the obscurest swirls faster bubbling and drinking backwards new turns extensively towards Tina without fully realizing why it is she whom he to convince but I guess for romance but also like she has been like going turning her like she turned you in like I just they're not addressing the fact that y'all are not friends I just I just can't I mean anyway it's an obscurus but it's not what you think I managed to separate it from the Sudanese grow as I tried to save her I wanted to take it home to study but it can't survive outside that box it could not hurt anyone Tina which again who gives a fuck about Tina and Graves is like so it's useless without the host host because grindelwalders out here trying try to learn it's also but why are we here how did we get here huh what is this huh how about aren't they supposed to be getting punished or something like is this an interrogation wife the interrogating both of them at the same time Tina again doesn't know anything like what if the scene it's stupid that's what it is that's what it is um useless useless that is a parasitical Magical Force that killed a child what on Earth would you want to use it for Tina also newts all Angry Tina is also looking at graves like I to I'm suspicious and then Graves realizes his mistake and he's like you fool, nobody. Mr. Scamander you brought this obscurest into the city of New York in the hopes of causing Mass disruption and newts like you can't you know that can't hurt anyone. You know that which like how does he know that though? Because like just because you said that Even all the over here wreaking havoc bro, like, you know, this is going to Wald so in the scheme of things like yeah, you definitely shouldn't be in jail, but technically you did do these things. Like I just yeah grape says you were there for him guilty of the treasonous portrayal of your fellow Wizards and are sentenced to death Miss Goldstein was aided in a bed at you received a sense the same sentence was like she didn't cheat heard him how when did she ate it? so that she didn't because she did like they did go and do things but like they don't know that they know that she came in like this dude this dude a thing and I read out the problem instead she's about to get murdered I'm all out of beer I'm so lost without you I can't believe we're still reading this thing we're not we're almost done anyway to executioner step forward they press the tips of their wants and Newton Cena's neck Tina is so overcome with shock and fear she can barely speak Graves like do it immediately Lee I will inform president pichkiri myself newts like Tina but Graves places a finger on his lips and says which I guess is supposed to be I don't know it doesn't matter who's in me please please please oh God there's no NV p no there really is it honestly like I'm not flying with I don't suppose she'll like no this is the thing I read this I was having I was hanging out with the four-legged crew and I was reading this and so it was like distracted reading this like let me reread this before we start recording so I could at least try to figure it out and I didn't that didn't happen but there was no MVP then there's no the P now there's no BP mmm well you know shout out to Jim a Chan and Carmen ejogo forgetting give me them coins despite the mess you know getting those coins out to them but like I don't know that makes you MVP but also like imagine being in a Harry Potter for dozens of the residuals aren't hitting know I know they're not they're not I mean it's on like can you watch this on it feels good maybe even still like they're in like just watching it who's watching it but also like they're not in that much so but Carmen ejogo got her light I mean she has to get paid for funko's right like when they're not really her like this yeah face is on the thing she got merchandising right no okay I don't you know I have no idea so Bianca have known BP W every piece herself for cutting the games giving the team the money to just do the thing and watch the movies we would have ended up here anyway we're not using that money from that Maggie MVP son named British Envoy / Minister for Tech staying on top of criminal element and causing International incidents true he was very well informed true that's not on that cool bench time in stomach ooza for being super incompetent and like and I usually read somebody about letting Grindelwald go in the biggest standing right next to you y'all hang up the fog waterfall of truth whatever you're like ours like what the dude and the thing that's hilarious is that polish is pushing is taught and fourth year third year no it's a new level okay yeah so she just put you can read about it in a second here well no she went to the extremes Restricted Section and you can yeah she scammed her ways to get okay but Polyjuice Potion to the thing that exists in this world yeah and it's maybe not as nearly as much to combat against this yeah it's a maybe it's not as ubiquitous as it isn't Harry Potter's World because they just were using they found about it and then they relied on it and maybe like most the majority of whether they're not out here making apologies but it's a thing and y'all just letting me twice y'all I mean 50 some years apart but like when Barty Crouch jr. was like how am I gonna run the scam he's like oh you know what Grindelwald did prefer do pose right as an American or for a good six months before it can walk back down like so like you nobody knew how did you not know like you know like these are not your friends like you're not like me I mean I are not friends but like this is your colleague you've been working for him for it's wild truly truly I really hope I like to think that someone could not even if they look like I like if I got like possessed by a spirit or if someone had parties pushing was like pretending to be me I'd like to think that it wouldn't take you months to figure out it wasn't me yeah I'd like to think that too like I feel like people have personality right like Quark yeah like things but a parent maybe maybe not in this everyone is just like a gray suit with slicked-back hair yes all it is so I guess in that way I'm also going to bench amakusa just because y'all just killing folk no real trial no real trial again they don't really Mentor so they were like you know what death laughing we don't have a prison so it's all good it just is I'll just going to die it's cool no hard feelings and Graves for X because you know you know grades within actually grateful scared a lot wasn't actually like authorized to give them the death penalty because he ain't nobody he just thought that neat was having it all again it all his man's and so jealous he want out tell me about prove me wrong show me in the text or that's not what happened okay oh Bianca MVP tell you we're not doing this um I disagree we reject it benches Dalia bench the weather team for bringing us here we know you run us and give us money to watch it and be the reason we started doing this post can stuff in the first place true story bitch you bitch you tell ya we have actually like really lit plans for what comes after this you know and I'm just like can we just get to that you know only the only reason I'm like we can't is because it requires prepping Leo I'm too tired we're literally trying to like we're like we need something to get us through February and then when I went through February he still needs some time like I let me rest first I'm just like at what cost so yeah Bianca benches Grindelwald for all this extra nests and Maggie benches Joanne for being unbelievably lazy when writing this unbelievable might as well just not done it it's actually like impressive in the Anchorman like you ate a whole thing achieve I'm not even mad I'm impressed wow I need those possible to be this lazy Cool that it says that if we're gonna go here then we should go here. So we went here we saw this movie already and we talked about it. You can go whatever episode that is. Yeah, there's an episode about it. How did we have did it all of our thoughts and feelings about it? We did it. Hmm. I don't have any more beer. So we really can't continue to go here. I'm going to thank you for listening next week. We'll discuss seems 66 through 79 of intestine Visa where to find them. Make sure to follow along with us know who you think is the real MVP and who's been through the After join the conversation on Twitter, I would like innards hashtag was your team. Yeah, visit our website at Blackwell's create dot-org visit us on Twitter at we block and nerds use a hashtag weather team like she said and we'll see you next week. Yeah. Bye.