Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey y'all, and first and foremost. I do want to say that I am grateful for whoever decides to take the time out of their day. So listen to my podcast and I also just want to give a trigger warning that in this episode. We will be talking about child abuse. So if that's a sensitive topic for you either just stop listening or proceed with caution. But yeah, so let's get into this. So I'm sure most if not all of you that are listening or tuning in. No that just five days after Gabriel Fernandez is birthday Netflix actually released the trials of Gabriel Fernandez, which is a six-episode docu-series which kind of detailed the death and gave us an inside look into what Gabriel's life was like it also followed the trials of pearl. And her boyfriend is sorrow. So we're not only going to talk about Gabriel, but we're also going to talk about two other child abuse cases that they spoke about in the docu-series as well as a little bit of my own experience with child abuse growing up in my household. So in 2012 Gabriel moved in with pearl and her boyfriend and then on May 22nd of 2013 Gabriel was found dead. Well, he was found brain dead. He was found naked with a cracked skull shattered ribs severe burns and bruises BB pellets buried in his body a bullet in his lung a groin ligature marks around his neck and ankles kitty litter content in his stomach along. A whole bunch of other injuries. He was declared brain dead and take it off of life support two days after on May 24th 2013. Gabriel's brother Ezekiel kind of gave us an inside look as well as to what him and get real sister Virginia witnessed Gabriel being put through so Ezekiel said that Gabriel was forced to eat cat feces and cat litter along with spoiled and expired foods and even his own vomit and they made Gabriel sleep. Bound and gagged and side of a small cabinet, which they actually showed in the docu series on Netflix Ezekiel also said that Pearl and her boyfriend would threaten to beat him if he alerted other people about the abuse that Gabriel was suffering and he was told to lie social workers if they ask about how Gabriel got his injuries. Now that is something that I personally can relate to because any time that CPS would come to our house or would pull this out of classes. My adopted mother always told us to lie about it. I believe that one point our neighbor had Our neighbor had actually called CPS and I know that a couple of my sister's also reported it to I think some school teachers or something like that. So CPS was frequently around and none of us were ever removed from the home is actually me and four other adopted siblings and then her my adopted mom's three natural-born kids. I don't really keep in contact with a lot of them. I keep in contact with one and that's about it. But yes, she my adopted mom. She would always make us lie and you know, of course we did we were young we were kids and we were scared and it's just a whole different process to go through. And you know people always whenever I talk about it people are always like well, why didn't you report it? And why didn't you speak up? Why didn't you run away and you know, it's always easy to ask why abuse kids don't do this that and the other but when you're in the situation yourself it's kind of hard to think clearly and you know, you always wonder okay, if I do run away, where am I going to go? I lived in the country, so there wasn't really anywhere for me to go anyway. But it's it's different. It's very very different and you don't really get. You really don't need to know what it's like until you actually experience it yourself. Gabriel's brother would also go on to state that. Pearl and her boyfriend would beat Gabriel and they would laugh about it and that's just that's so fucking sick to me. It makes my stomach turn because it's like how can you as a human being even get any kind of pleasure out of beating beating anyone including a small child? And it's like you could tell that Gabriel really just wanted to be loved and he just wanted to you know, make his mom proud and make sure that his mom was taking care of make sure that she was safe even though she didn't give a single fuck about him. And that's so sad. It's like as an abused kid. Even I wanted to prove to my adopted mom that I was good that I could, you know, do good things or that I really didn't deserve to be beat and it's just like nothing I've ever worked. Nothing was ever, you know, good enough in her eyes, and it's not because I wasn't doing what I was supposed to do. And it's not because Gabriel wasn't doing what he was supposed to. Do, you know, even his classmate said that he was a straight-A student. It's just some people really just get a form of enjoyment out of being a bully and beating kids because they're stronger than them and they overpower them and it's just that power Dynamic that really drives people. To do shit like that. And Ezekiel also talked about how pearls boyfriend would be Gabriel with a metal hanger with belt buckles baseball bats a wooden club. And you know, they would shoot him with a BB gun. And another another thing that Ezekiel kind of opened up and talked about was that Pearl and her boyfriend would also dress Gabriel up in girl's clothes and send him to school like that and Virginia who is Gabriel's older sister would meet him in the bathroom and then take his usual close to him. But unfortunately Pearl caught them and she Hit, Virginia. And has he also stated that he was hit as well for trying to sneak Gabriel food. So it's just a very difficult position to be in. I don't really know how to describe it. But you just feel so helpless you feel helpless and you want to tell somebody and you know often times I did tell people and it was just like To go like oh, well, you just being punished or you you know, it was often times when I told people it would always result Resort back to me and it being my fault and that I was a bad kid and that's what I meant. That's why my adopted mom would hit me. And you know now oftentimes today when people say that people shouldn't whoop their kids and stuff like that. A lot of times you'll see people say that kids are soft these days and they're snowflakes and they're such babies and and stupid shit like that and it really gets under my skin because A lot of a lot of kids even though they grew up with whippings and shit like that. A lot of people don't know how to distinguish between abuse and discipline and oftentimes it crosses the line from abuse into discipline. Yeah, you know you grow up with your parents whooping you and you think that it made you a better person. But on the other hand, you think that it's okay to hit children. So are you really actually? Okay because when you have that power Dynamic and you as an adult can't control your emotions and you as an adult often fail sometimes as well. How do you expect a child to be perfect. How do you expect the child to control their emotions when you can't do so yourself? And it's just like you really shouldn't be hitting kids and all honestly and that's just my opinion. Everyone is open to their own opinions. And you know, it is what it is, but Are you really okay, if you think that hitting a child is the answer to making them better as a person? It's just a continued cycle where you got hit and you have a child and now you think it's okay to hit your child because your parents did it to you. And that's just kind of it's weird. It's weird as fuck now in the docu-series. They also mentioned two other little boys that I want to talk about and just kind of give like a little bit of insight on what what they went through as well. So one of the boys was Anthony of olives Who was 10 years old and Noah Quattro? Who was 4? So those two boys also died at the hands of child abuse since the devil is Gabriel. I think they said a hundred and eighty kids who have had some kind of CPS involvement in their life have died as well. And Anthony was said to have been tortured for five or six days before he died. Again, it was another mother and boyfriend dynamic. They would pour hot sauce all over his face. And now they would beat him a with a belt and they would drop him on his head repeatedly and just like in the Gabriel case. They would put cigarettes out on him basically use him as a human ashtray and they starved him and perform sexual acts in front of him. The other kids that lived in the house with him. We're also encouraged to hurt him and It again begs the question what kind of people are these? And you know, you just have to think to yourself. There's a lot of people in this world who do not deserve kids. The mom and the boyfriends are currently in jail and they are awaiting a trial. They the prosecutors for the case are seeking the death penalty for them just as they did with pearls boyfriends in the Gabriel case both of those the mom and the boyfriend. They're both pleading not guilty to the charges that are being brought against them. A little boy that I mentioned before who was only four years old at the time of his death and 2019. His name is Noah his parents tortured him for four months before murdering him. The mom is facing murder and torture charges as well as one count of child abuse under the circumstances likely to cause death and the father I believe whose name was. Is Jose he is facing murder torture assault on the child causing death and sexual penetration with a child under 10. The father is accused of actually sexually assaulting the four-year-old the day. He died. Noah was actually removed from the home for neglect. And then he was returning back I think about a year later after he was removed initially. So again, we're seeing this pattern where CPS is just failing child after child after child and I do think it is worthy to mention that just a few weeks before Noah was murdered a DCFS caseworker did go to a judge saying that Noah was an imminent risk and while the judge agreed and ordered to have no removed DCFS actually never carried out the order. And unfortunately a couple weeks after that. No one did end up dying as a result of abuse. So and I'm sorry if I am starting to sound a little bit slower and my speech but this is a very sensitive topic for me and I'm sure it is for other people and I just know that when I did watch the docu-series and I did listen to everything that they were talking about that happened to Gabriel. I just couldn't help but feel sick to my fucking stomach and I cried through almost every single episode even within the first like five minutes of the first episode before they even got to the intro credits. I was already crying. and you know CPS has a history. and even in my case as well where Bill initially come and talk to the parent. Even if it's the parent that is, you know being accused of abusing the children, they'll talk to them first and often times. They'll take their word over the child's word. So to me, it's just kind of like. If I were abusing a child and you came to my door and asked me hey, how did your kid get these bruises or how did your kid you know what happened to your child? Yada yada yada. If I were abusing them, do you really think I would sit here and be like, oh, yes, I fucking punch my child in the eye. Please take him away. No, that's not how it works. And I don't understand why CPS workers go based off of You know the adult in question, they're not going to tell the truth. That's just I would think that's fucking obvious. Apparently, it's not any needs to be said but yeah, so often times they'll go based off of what the parent says. Bill also ask people who don't even know what's going on. So if there's a second parent that lives separated which in my case is what happened. My adopted parents had split up. And my adopted dad never knew what was going on. And that was because my adopted mom basically the She-Devil. She would make it out to where the kids look bad where the adopted kids were this that and the other thing and we were evil and we were liars and we didn't listen and shit like that and it just made us look bad. So whenever CPS would go and ask somebody else about us. Oh, they're lying. Oh, they're bad kids. Oh, she said this and she said that and they're not to be trusted. And it really took an effect on. You know our outcome. Yes. We're all still alive. But we all have fucking problems. That's just what it comes down to. I know I struggle really bad with depression and anxiety. I know that when people come near me, I'll Flinch sometimes I know that I'm scared to speak up, you know, when people don't treat me the right way that I'm supposed to be treated and I have very low expectations of Of people I don't expect people to go, you know above and beyond which the normal people would be, you know, the normal limit of respect. I just expect just a little bit. and People, you know make fun of me and they say, oh you're you're so innocent. Oh, you know, you don't expect the most of people, which is great. And it really isn't I'm I'm this way for a reason and I went through a lot of shit that that a child just shouldn't have to go through. So yes, if this case really spoke out to me. And I'm glad that it's speaking out to other people. I'm glad that it shed a light on what I've been saying for years that CPS doesn't really do much if you're being abused and you speak out chances are they're not going to help. and that's so sad to say but nobody in that, you know that line of work has any passion for their job anymore. They have so many kids that they're so desensitized that they brush off every single little detail. And you know, it's resulting in kids dying at the hands of being abused and tortured for long periods of times months years, whatever. it just it's a lot for a child to go through and if that child doesn't have anyone that they can speak to or anyone that they can confide in. And you know kind of get some kind of protection from that person. They don't really want to say anything. but I do want to just answer any questions that anyone may have regarding you know, my past or anything that Just really any any questions that you guys may have for me. So if you do have questions just go ahead and Send them to me through my email, which is cartoonist. Martinez one at gmail.com, or if you're a family member or friend and you have either my number or my Facebook, go ahead and hit me up with some questions on there, and I'd be happy to answer them in the next podcast. But thank you and I'll talk to you guys again. Bye.