Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad cars owned by collectors all across the country. The Peace Train was an event sponsored by the Association for Global new thought. We were a group of individuals from across the planet that had come together to ride this train up the California coast stopping at a number of stops along the way to spread the message of Peace the message of Tolerance acceptance and love. I was in really good company. Among the hundred and fifty or so on board were the grandson of Gandhi Arun Gandhi the grandson of Cesar Chavez Anthony Chavez a brilliant young man continuing the work of his grandfather were still friends to this day. Yolanda king the daughter of Martin Luther King jr. Who sadly is no longer with us? We had dancers and singers authors teachers preachers and more. All jumping on board for an opportunity to gather together all of this positive energy and travel up the coast almost as a light during difficult times. You know in life we have these opportunities to jump on board either for something positive moving life and US forward or negative keeping us stuck in it or actually losing ground. The problem is it's easy to jump on board to negativity. There's certainly No Lack of negative. Nellie's running around the planet. I'm assuming they're in your city. Maybe your job or even your family. You know, it's easy to complain. It's easy to be the victim. It's easy to get offended. But when we choose any of these paths we give up our power. We've all been there. Somebody tells us the story about something terrible that's happened to them by so and so and we reply that's nothing listen to what happened to me and off we go. Attaching or negative train car to there- engine and soon we'll both add additional additional negative train cars. In a case like this. My goal is ours to just simply change the subject. After someone shares a negative experience or gossip, you know, I may acknowledge the comment or simply shake my head and then flip the script maybe say so what are your plans for the weekend or how was your weekend which of course really throws them for a loop but totally interrupts a potentially dangerous negative pattern. Guess what? Just one tiny little negative thought does. Yes, it attracts more negative thoughts. See the law of attraction is always working. It doesn't care whether we're thinking great uplifting empowering thoughts or little negative thoughts. We will by law attract additional even stronger positive or negative thoughts and emotions eventually manifesting physically in our life. Watch your thoughts watch your emotions. Watch who you're spending time with. I have a pillow at home that has a quote on it from Oprah Winfrey. It says surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher. Thanks for listening. And please share our podcast with a friend.