Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire their own funding and raise Capital. It's important to know because as a business owner, it's always wise to understand the entire funding process from the very start Business News Daily spoke with several VCS and other experts to find out more about financing before you even sit down to discuss your business idea. Here are the top ways BC's provide funding so they can help you realize Why's your business dreams institutional investors investing is a complex process and it's not critical to understand every aspect of where the funds originated or every fine detail. However as Shruti Gandhi founder and managing partner from array VC explained it helps to learn the term institutional investors. These are large investment organizations, like University endowments that pool member contributions a VC Acts. Can gatekeeper or point of contact for these organizations that might not approach small business directly personal wealth. Of course, one of the most common sources of VC money is from the actual VC someone like Bill Gates who has already amassed a fortune McCowen founder and managing partner for ripple Ventures such as a VC might invest up to 15% of their personal funds which are matched up with another lead investor it all. All starts with a network you are trying to Target. He said most help ease invest alongside Friends Business colleagues and fellow co-investors a network of funds. If the VC doesn't have a nest egg of their own and they have not approached an Institutional Investor. Another approach might be to pull a group of investors on their own. In fact, this is the most common tactic usually VCS will invest other people's money says David altmer president and In your consultant for altmer Consulting. It's not uncommon for graduate MBA students to pull together a network of investors. Sometimes involving family trusts or join an existing VC firm to invest other people's money and new Ventures high-net-worth individuals. Gandhi says another common source of investment money is from individuals with a high net-worth think Rich uncle or a friend who has a family fortune. This is common when the VC company itself is not holding a fortune but has connections to one particular person who has the funds available for Investments friends. It's worth noting that VCS are highly connected and not just with wealthy individuals many have been working in the business world for so long. They have connections in multiple markets and they're born networkers dot P colon mentioned friends as one possible investment source for Venture Capital firms as a small business you might be seeking it's from 1 VC who meets with you, but that person might represent dozens of friends and colleagues who are ready to help lift your company to new heights. Thanks for listening.