Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four Years like the Earth. I'm really going to butcher. I have no fucking idea basically like evens out the calendars or something now even without the calendar, I'm not smart enough sounds like it would be stupid. It is 11:43 here in Los Angeles and we're doing this late at night. So you guys have this for tomorrow morning, even though I don't have that many listeners, excuse me, but we just came back from the movies. We saw the Impractical Jokers movie. I have my Invisalign and you have yours in yeah. Of course. Okay. So we saw the Impractical Jokers movie. Did you like it? I did it. I thought it was great. I liked it a lot. I was good to me really like happy. I liked that. We showed support for our Shaolin Brothers. Yeah, and it was good. We went to this they have like this new this new movie thing. It's remember Movie Pass, of course, which I don't know people know about this, but it was like $10 a month. It was like two years ago. Not even 2018. Probably 2018 where you spent $10 a month and you get unlimited you can see unlimited movies in the theater. Yeah, and they were like, hey, this is way too good for people and this is there was a limit for like like a week or the month like you could see unlimited movies. Yeah. That's what it was I think and they realize what the fuck have we done and it went out of business almost immediately. We had it for maybe a month, but now they have a new thing when you spend $25 and you could go to any AMC and see three movies. A week which is still pretty good, but I can't remember the last movie. I wanted to see in the theaters. Yeah, it's still a great see all the movie pass was any theater anywhere anytime. I'm that crazy. Oh my God. Yeah, obviously that's going to fucking fail. Yeah. The AMC one is just AMC's but it's still pretty good. It's $25 a month and you could see three movies a week. So you are limited but 12 Movies a month for $25 is amazing. I haven't wanted to Haven't there hasn't been 12 movies that came on last 10 years that I wanted to see abuse. It's really sad. The movie industry is suffering the movie past we would just go see anything because only thing I remember seeing was Oceans 8 we saw gaudy. Oh my God. That was the worst. That was the worst movie ever made. I said that about a lot but that was pretty fucking horrible and they played a Pitbull song in night. It was mostly 1985. He played multiple pit bulls and it was supposed to be suppose to be John Gotti and queens in 1980 fucking 7 and they're playing like Dolly let the party anyway, what else is going on you were what did you finish this show on Netflix or did you just watch it? You finished it? It's finished. So is this all the rage because we gotta talk about this. Is this all the rage or is this just have you just been watching it? Is it like trending know I think a lot of For watching it. So for people who don't know the show is called love is blind and it'll take over your mind. So the concept of the show I didn't watch the whole thing with you, but I was like in and out when I was doing something my computer. I'd look watch a little bit and then I would put my headphones back in or whatever. And basically these it's a reality show on Netflix if you haven't seen I mean maybe if you living under a rock or whatever is and like 10 guys 10 women and then Yeah, I don't really know the number whatever. Let's say 10 guys 10 girls and they go into like these isolation pods where you can't see anyone. It's like a nice room of the couch. But on the other side of the wall is a woman you're speaking to or a man. You're speaking to you can't see them and the goal is to make people fall in love or have a connection based on just the conversation. Yes, hence, the name Love is Blind. Yes, and I think I've seen some crazy. He shit in my life. I've seen some crazy people in my life. This might have been number one. It was it was like it was sort of insulting to single people. It was making a single people look like completely pathetic like you're such a loser if you can't get married, which I hated. It was just marriage propaganda. And the second thing was these people are completely insane. Yeah. So is that did you feel what? What made you keep watching it? So a friends of mine was I have a group chat with a couple of friends and she was like, are you guys watching this show? It's insane and I'm like, okay like no it's that he was like, it's it's like reality TV garbage, but it's like fantastic. So I don't we were like doing something and I was like, oh, let me just put it on in the background and I was immediately hooked. Was within the first episode someone says, I love you. To another person and I was just like, oh my God, this is insane. Like this is not happening. So I kept watching because it was just it was it was Insanity II truly feel that the people The Producers whoever created this show literally searched for people that were mentally unstable and they found these people and created this show. Okay real quick little disclaimer. You're not making any jokes about mental illness because I have mental illness. I'm just saying people sometimes one time we we do I made a joke and somebody got all upset not making a joke at all. I suffer with mental illness. I take my feels my th my CBD it helps me get through my anxiety issues. However, there are 100 percent are is some of that at play in the show. They got these peoples casting names from CVS fucking prescription bottles. There's no way in hell, they're all completely. Yeah, and I do believe that some people are just like hard lovers and they love easily and they they love hard but to to to say I love you. I'm falling in love with you after probably not even twenty four full hours of actually communicating with the person. Okay, they weren't talking for 24 hours straight. Yeah. There may be talking for a couple hours. Hours a day couple hours another day and then it was I love you. I think I'm in love with you like it's crazy. So here's here's what I want to say to that and see if you agree with me this show which I've been calling it. It's propaganda for now. Obviously. I'm going to go on my fucking Soap Box again, but this is i, that's how I do as a comedian. I analyze things I write I make jokes and I say things that people maybe don't notice. I felt about that show that it's perpetuating. I think that's the right word. It's perpetual meaning it's encouraging or it's furthering this idea of your only purpose as a young person in their 20s and 30s is to be married. Like that's it. You didn't know career goals. No emotional goals. No self-help. It's all about marriage. And that's what we see all over Instagram and Facebook and people our age are about Assess with getting married and I think that show also like you just said the I love you thing. We live in this weird time where people go right to the top tier X thousand like when you when you text your friends no one says I just exhaled out of my nose. They say LM a fo or LMFAO rather laughing my fucking ass off and the people and the people aren't even grinning. Yeah, and there's people who are listening to this who text people with the crying laughing eyes the Emoji and they didn't even smile that is weird. So I think people on that show are just saying things. Oh, yeah, I just want to say I love you because I think this is the LMFAO of a conversation you're so I'm supposed to fall in love and I want to believe in this dream fairy tale. I'm just gonna say it. Well, that's the thing to like me saying these people are crazy. And again, I don't yeah, I feel bad saying that but that's fine. I just want to be kind today. Everybody's a fucking pussy these days. I'm gonna get their panties in a bunch. That's that's what I get from the out like most Of the people on the show, there are maybe there's maybe one couple that I'm like watching that on Mike. It really feels like they might have fallen in love with each other. The rest of the people are literally saying I just knew I had I just knew that she was the one those people it seems very fake. Okay? Okay real quick. Let me just don't want to cut you off but that maybe they're not crazy. They're just so He 20 which is kind of what I'm saying. Like Okay, so when I go people just say things because they say things that's literally it's probably even more so because they're like, I'm all I'm on this show. This is what I'm I'm here to do almost you know, so have you ever seen someone's Instagram post of their wedding? Of course? Don't they basically say the exact same thing under the caption? Yeah, it's not personal. It's not intimate. Yeah, it's not specific. It's oh my God best day of my life married my best friend fairy tale. It's literally like a script so people don't even think anymore. They just write what they think they're supposed that oh, this is what people who get married, right? It's not from the heart. It's not genuine. So when you watch this show, It's like they're thinking this is what I'm here for. This is what it's supposed to happen. I'm just going to say this is happening. Exactly. So yes, I think they're fucking crazy just because I would never do that. But at the same time it's kind of like everyone is doing that and everyone's going to pass judgment and called these people lunatics. But meanwhile you're doing deep people are doing that and their own weird way, like it's sort of goes back to like girls saying I'm fucking dead when they didn't even smirk. They go to the absolute extreme these young kids fucking 18 years old one kid will have one Poppin Tick-Tock song and they'll say he's the greatest rapper who to ever live the goat. How often is goat Throne during thrown around? The greatest of all time they say that all the fucking time every day that it's someone threatens the goat. This is they say best day of my life best ever living my bat. All this shit is too thick. It's like let's say it so people believe it meanwhile, no one's actually doing that stuff. And I think I'm so sensitive to this subject because I believe I'm a hopeless romantic and I'm very I don't know. I'm obsessed with with love. It's very important to me songs used to mean so much to me before when I was single and trying to find the right girl and when I met you, you know, how much I love you. I didn't see Tinkerbell to swirling around your head. Did I float? Did I float when you saw me did you float? Was it like? Oh my God. Eric is my absolute pinched on Aang like, oh no, that's not real life. Yeah that Doesn't have so there's this weird thing happening where people call us crazy to what do you mean like for saying that like, oh he or LaTour like he must not be the one then. Yes, if you didn't feel butterflies right away because people literally watch movies. Yeah and believe what they see in movies how many fucking girls they literally quoted in that goddamn show. I want that World Series can't eat can't sleep. Well that girl was that stupid Mary-Kate and Ashley movie, right? What is it called? It takes two great movie though. I got to go to Staten Island. Anyway, the but kisses that movie little girls watched and now they go on a date whether it's true or not. They just say that it's that World Series can't sleep. So people don't know what love is they? Just think this is what I'm supposed to say and they want to have that fairy tale to talk about to brag to people love really is blind. Walked in he said hi. And I was like, that is my husband. He's the one yeah, which is it's actually not that crazy because that's what Society does now. I've been that's kind of where a lot of my comedy comes from is like people are performing lives rather than living lives and trying to really find connections and that show is the epitome of it one of the people so real quickly for people. I didn't know if we were getting off topic, but they they do see each Each other under one condition. Yeah, and that is so basically if us to say, I really like you out of all the people like my voice. I love your voice and I think that you're the one quote unquote I have to propose and then I get 0 so they proposed a again. Okay, you have to propose meaning I have to ask this person to fucking marry me without seeing them. Oh, yeah. And several of these people did this and then you get to you get to see them and then I think you like don't get to see them until the next day again gets them for a quick minute. Then you go to like Cancun and you have like a nice vacation for like a week. Then you go to Atlanta and then you move in with each other for like a week until the wedding comes. And then and then and then when the wedding comes they can either say yes say I do or say I don't and some of the people at the wedding were crying. That's when I thought they were fucking nuts a guy and a girl were crying and they were saying you're like you're like my soul mate and then they met a fucking month ago. Yeah, I mean I could I could go on about the entire show forever, but I don't want to give anything away. Whatever. I mean the spoiler alert. Yeah, whatever I mean. If you're going to watch that show, I guess liana's going to talk about I don't even really know. I only saw a little bit of each episode of like three episodes and I I guess I guess it doesn't matter. So not everyone says yes, I'll just say that. Okay fine. Yeah, but some people at the ends they go you go to I think you have to thank you have to walk down walk down the aisle up to the Altar and then you have to say if you want to say I did. if you want to go yeah, which is crazy because people go up there and they say I don't and I was just I was just very surprised with the outcomes. I think that everyone should have said I don't like I can't believe a couple of the couple's actually said I do were you aware of this show about five year five or six years ago. I don't know if we were together. My mom is Sister loved it. It was some show and like TLC is like 90 days fiance. There's no no they Fuck I've got was called but they like had like these love scientists or something. Yeah, I remember and they matched you like perfectly match. Yeah and all of these shows. Do you remember when I used to be a lot more into sneakers? And basically the reason why I bring that up as like a sneaker is a sneaker. It's leather and rubber to what you put your feet in to walk and look how we have fetishize sneakers. Now, there's we've on Fairfax outside the Supreme store, whatever fuck you know, and or a rare Jordan drops or Yeezys lines down the block people stealing reselling it's become this crazy thing right weddings and marriage are not supposed to be this. Fetishized crazy over-the-top thing that we have created them to be and I think all of these shows and shit. Are just it's like I keep saying the word propaganda, but that's basically what it is. It's like That's not really what marriage is why you making it a game and a fucking like a weird experiment like this. These are people's lives. What the fuck is the obsession with it? Yeah. I think it has a lot to do with them just being on the show which is why they like went through with it. One of the one of the one of them was like one kids like 24 and saying like yeah, he was crazy. He was acting ready to get married. Yeah. That that's that's like forcing it that I didn't understand like people younger than me who were on it. Like, you know, it's so hard for me to find the one which I'm not saying that it's hard to find someone it's not hard. I'm sure you're saying it's not you know, what do you know? It is hard to find some. Yeah, it can be so I'm not saying that but like you were that desperate at like 24 25. Yeah, like no you still have 25 you could have you could still have 10 more years to get 25. Yeah, 25. The one kid was 24 years old. I'm just saying like he was a nice-looking kid. He was a personal trainer like so he was fit. No. No. I know I'm saying 25 in terms of like people watching and thinking like, oh, yeah, I better I better get on my my game. What is it about? It's very interesting of society. Every culture is different. There are some cultures that a fucking crazy crazy when it comes to weddings. We don't even Hours with this pressure from like yeah our society like how big they do them or know just to be married to get married. Yeah. What are you doing? So my mom is always like, you know, my mom didn't want us to move in together without gay marriage, which marry her that matter my mom's. Yeah dreamily Catholic so it's I guess it's a little bit but that really it's different once you get into like moving in together and whatever that's like different but she wasn't like pressuring you to get married because I like how many times she say to me in front of you like get her a ring. Well, that's because we live together we shall live together. She probably wouldn't say it but that's very strange to me how that's even a thought and my mom is just saying because she's just basically trained by her upbringing that that's what people do and like there's this weird obsession with marriages and weddings in our life. Do you disagree with that? Oh, no, not at all and I think it's Weird like why did when I go on Instagram live? Why do people ask me when you supposedly Anna? Why do they care? Why is that a thing to people? Well, yeah because it's like a form of success. Would you I know that's so cool. That's so fucking weird. Yeah any more on Earth can get married and there and they treat it as such like you did it like like you achieved like you won the World Series like you won a champion. Oh my God. Congratulations. Hey, congratulations. Ian's yeah, which doesn't make sense because anyone can what do you congratulating someone on? Like I'm you and I will be married eventually right do we do we deserve a congratulatory statement before that? Like I don't understand and you know, what Liana I used to do that shit. Well, I guess you like achieved being with someone like I'm a congratulations makes more sense for someone who's been together for like eight ten years. Why be like it's You and I are going to be other Vines are reason like that make sense. Okay, because you would cheat like you you've been with someone for this long like know if you're going to say congratulations. Oh, sorry, maybe that makes sense. It's I just think it's this show is a real great lens. I'm going to I want to like like a like a student thesis on this show when I want to watch the whole thing. And I want I bet you know how I love to make connections with like movies and how they're really about something else that we just watched The Matrix and so many different to something meanings. That was like I bet you that is a beautiful metaphor for society right now. That's basically what it is because girls will date 30 guys and because they're in they're not in the age range. They'll just break up and get another guy break up, you know the guy but now when they're 27 28, oh, let's get married. That's fucking insane. That's fucking insane how it's yeah, there's kind of like all my friends are getting engaged. I guess your prince charming. Let me say you're my soul mate like you got upset. You know, what's funny Lana. We you we are trained to think this way because I remember when you and I started dating I would put up pictures for your birthday. I put a pictures for our anniversary Valentine's Day and I found myself like not questioning it but just kind of doing it because people were doing it. And I think ever since you and I don't really do that anymore. I just think we're happier. There's no like there's no I don't know. I want to tell you that. I love you. What am I going to tell strangers for? Who is that for? Who is that for? You have seen the national girlfriend a national boyfriend day. Oh, yeah, of course. Who is that for? Who the fuck is that for? Yeah, it's for everyone else. It's not even for time for you. Then. I remember one time I put a picture of my mom because everyone is doing something mother's day. I'm like happy Mother's Day Mom. You don't have Facebook, you know things are going you'll never see this. I don't know who this is for. Yeah, and I never did it again because it was like what the fuck am I doing? Yeah. It doesn't make sense at all. It's just so people can do something that I yeah, that's not right because it does make people feel bad hundred percent of people who have Mom's passed away or more people don't have Dad's at people who don't like I also believe that now I know I get to into the shit, but I've always said Everything can be materialized. Everything is a version of a manicure on a Lexus steering wheel and if you have to me, I like I like when people are classy about their things and they're humble. So you and I are watching a bunch of these fashion documentaries and I was saying how the day I was saying like I do love like the art form of high fashion and Louis Vuitton and Gucci know the stuff like there is something there especially people who are Really passionate about it and they're so creative and amazing and it's like I do appreciate the work and all the ship, but unfortunately, we've destroyed that with what this brand means now that it just your fucking douchebag. If you have any of these things in my mind, like, you know, you don't buy it for the art you buy it for the logo and what it means the cultural capital absolutely. So like when it comes to getting married and all this other shit, the real meaning is almost like God in a way where now it's about this other weird shit and I don't know. It's like if you have if you have the means to buy Louis Vuitton Gucci. Why are you posting about it? Why you what it's basically saying? Look how good my life is and the intent with that. I don't see how it can't be not evil. But if there's a good and a bad it leans towards the bad because at the heart of it is seeking Envy seeking jealousy seeking praise, which is all gluttonous and like coveting other people's goods and all this like shit that like in in every Legend is a bad thing and just Humanity it's just Envy in like so I met by. A stupid fear of God sweatshirt that's fucking $400. But in my mind I'm thinking well, nobody knows it cost this much. I'm not trying to like I just appreciate the whatever the fuck you know, I'm saying like but people would buy a Gucci sweatshirt just because it says Gucci and they want people to know that they're it's expensive and that's why I like the douche bag mentality goes with that in my mind. Whereas if you have an if you have nice shit, You shouldn't be posting about it. So if you have a beautiful relationship you shouldn't post about it. It's kind of like if your life is perfect. Would you tell people it is I would just be grateful that you had a perfect life. Yeah, that's a good point. So people are instead in like I think if you say that it's almost as if you're like trying to like hide something. What do you mean like if you're like, oh, yeah. My life is perfect. Yes, exactly. Oh my God, I think our Relationship so not genuine. Yeah, I think you and I have a great relationship and I don't I think it's like responsible to not try to rub it in people's faces because what if I posted a picture how much I love you now how nice all that's going to make someone feel bad. Yeah, and it doesn't make us any better that never relationship never. Yeah. I love that. We don't even post about each other. Like if your Instagram is basically a love letter to me, but yeah that just because that's because we don't know you proud of me. We've I've done some cool shit in like we go on vacations or whatever but like my Instagram is basically my work. I don't know that's not on post literally like a portfolio. I don't post anything personal. I never been happier with my with my own social media life because it's nothing is personal. I don't post pictures of are our babies anymore. My our nieces and nephew. I don't I don't post pictures of anything. Let's personal be in it. I think it's think people should try to strive to do something like that. But I've always thought that way about like it's almost just you know real rich and you know old money and new money my brother had a friend when the richest people I've ever met my life. He was the most sophisticated classy respectful person I've ever known because he was really rich his parents had money their parents had money. Her parents had money, right? So he was grateful for shit. He wasn't about materialistic things. He didn't wear materialistic things. He had crazy cars in his house was ridiculous. But he was a very good person. And when a Keith got my brother Keith got his freakin, you know shitty little Honda Accord. He was a god do this is great meal. He had a fucking Escalade at 17 years old, right? And then you have the other people who like don't have the greatest situation but like will get a truck and be like how fucking dope the ladies rims and they're all about that shit. So I feel like that's why I always like shake my head when you when I see Kylie posting something about a Lamborghini or like her cars get this weird to me. It's like you don't need to tell people you're a rich. We know you're rich. Yeah, why are you about that stuff? Yeah, that's weird that she Like post something like that. They always do they always post like that's weird to me because we know you're rich like we know you can afford this stuff. So why are you about that? It's very very very weird. And I think the same for like if you're in a real really really healthy relationship, I used to always say the happier couple is on social media. The more fuck things are behind closed doors because real couple or happy or too busy being happy. They're not trying to tell the world. Look. I have your autograph PR and I'm not saying everybody does that is bad or whatever. It's just my opinion, but I've noticed that that shows really eye-opening to a lot of things that like, it's a real good gauge at where the fuck Society is at and what they are pressuring young people to feel like your only purpose is to be married. It's so weird. I think things are going backwards to I think people are getting married younger and younger again. Like they are like our parents generation. Yeah. I don't really blame. Show though I think I don't think the show so just like took an opportunity. Not of course they noticed. Okay. This is how people are feeling. This is you know, this could be great until the if you know, I'm not saying it's a shows fault of saying it's a great like, it's a great it's like that show is perfect for 2020. Yeah. Absolutely. No I'm saying like it's people will do anything to be married. Yeah. Yeah, which is insane how you're saying like, it's propaganda. They definitely do like the editing of it. Doesn't really help the situation like it. It's definitely not making people feel better about that. So what I wanted which it almost should be, you know, it should be making people feel like these people are insane like they're insane and it's okay if I don't fall in love with someone right away in an hour. Yeah. So what I mean by the propaganda thing is like it's propaganda is yes, of course it could Direct like in World War Two they'd have like Donald Duck was literally fighting Nazis. Like it was this weird and they Disney would make these weird like shorts. It was literally like Nazi anti-nazi propaganda and even liking and in Germany, they'd have like Hitler propaganda me telling people that Hitler was like their hero and she like this like it was just it wasn't I'm saying the show is not as direct. It's not like telling you this shit, but it's like a subliminal message of like Look how important it is to find your soulmate and look at the look at the length. These people will do because marriage is this important like it doesn't say that out loud. Yeah, but it subtly show tells you that by getting into your brain and playing with your emotions and making you laugh cry and whatever the fuck and that's kind of what I meant by that. I'm not saying I'm not saying it's like deliberately supposed to be this fucking but like it's just such a weird thing. Here with my mom my mom and her friends their age. It's like your daughter or your son could be a fucking old store will store All Star lawyer or doctor or business owner. Oh buddy, but did he find somebody I mean and it is nice to share your life with someone for hundred percent. But unless someone is deliberately saying out loud. I'm dying to find someone. Why do we put that on them as if they ever fucking said anything? Yeah. Yeah, oh, you'll find some sweetie. That's definitely an issue that people say it like when you don't know how the person feels about that. Isn't that funny how crazy I was in let like you said unless I express like I really want to find someone like I'm lonely that then it would be like, you know, To tell other people, you know, she she she needs to find Solutions and find someone or whatever. Yeah, but I see it all the time that people have never really seen Express that they were lonely and people put that on them. I've definitely done that too. I know my friend one of my friends is like would love to be in a relationship. But he's expressed it to me. Yeah, if he didn't I wouldn't be like guys are all so different. I don't know. I feel like II if I was 29 30 right now and I was single I'd feel like Let's do this. I would be fucking in heaven. But yeah. But I'm saying like and that's the thing. I I know girls it's tough. But I'm the reason why girls feel this way is because of all this fucking shit being shoved down their throat. You're a loser. If you don't find a man. Yeah, you're not successful. If you don't find a man they keep telling and it's so fucked. Well, I think the feminist movement is definitely trying to change that as well and is starting to change that. Yeah, I gotta I don't know. I don't know if it is because every culture that we see still obsesses of with weddings. I don't find many people sharing my point of view that this is a lot of this is a crock of shit and the I noticed in the past couple of years the captions on Instagram were identical. This is my absolute soulmate and people are not happy unless they have others believe this is my soul mate because that's them saying I'm successful. I'm living my princess dream when I was a little girl. It came true. Yeah because anything other than that is like a sign of failure, which is I get over it. That's not real life. I fell in love with you. I'm not with you because you're my soul mate. You got to use to get so upset with me and said we're not soul mates. Like so hurt and that's because what you were taught well because I want to believe that I'm the only person that you could ever love. Well, that's just ridiculous. I've Loved Before you if you and I broke up. Guess what I'll love again. You love to hurt me. Were you in love with someone before we met no never you're the only person that I've ever loved but that just why you saying that that's just not true. Come on if I cheated on you tomorrow and said I want to be with you. You think you'd be miserable for the rest of your life you'd cry for a month and then you get over it. That's just life. Why does that upset you so much. It upsets me. Why? Because like I just said I want to be the only person that you could ever love. No, no. Well, that's just for take the why that's such a stupid thing to say. And now at this point I want you to be the only person that I'll ever love that you'll ever love. Yeah, but what if what if I broke up with you if I told you I don't love you anymore. I fell in love with someone else. That's just not true. You're being silly that just not true. Like you'd get over it. No, of course you'd cry for maybe they're plenty of fish in the sea. We choose to be together. I think that's more important than a fear of I'll Never Love anyone again. That's a fear. I don't want to be with you because I'm afraid of what life is without you that's that's a fear. That's not a that's not a happy feeling. Yeah. That's like I can't The Ana because then who am I without her? Yeah, like that's not that's not why you should want to be with someone. Am I wrong? No, you're right. I agree. So I think that's real life a big part of being an adult to me, which has been really sucky and a lot of ways is realizing all of these things from childhood. Are that are that that that's it the to convene the Tooth Fairy Santa Claus. This is all very similar. The tooth fairy's not real Santa Claus isn't real right looking at a girl or a guy hearing music and telling your friends. Oh my God, he's my soul mate. That's not real people still believe that that's real because of what they went because of the movies. They watch this children the the songs. They hear the Other Stories the hear other people say men when they get remarried they make a speech You know what? I would do the same thing again 30 years later. She is the one they just say shit. None of this is real. I think no one has realized that yet. I think people maybe people do they're just not saying it. No, there's no way that no one feels the same way. We do there's no way. People don't even realize a lot of people don't even know what why they do things. And how many times I have I made jokes about women and then those women are my biggest fans at my shows and I'm talking almost directly to them a woman a woman came to one of my shows. Her name was Donna. She had like she was running like a leopard shirt and she told me all these things that she does and I'm like, why do you like me? You should hate my guts. I'm making fun of you. So I guess you could relate to it, but people don't they also don't even realize that I make they don't realize what they're They just think like they think oh my God, like has his kid know me so well and I'm thinking like because you were made in a conveyor belt you made mr. Affecting think that's bad. But I'm saying people don't even realize that they're doing this shit. So it's not even like they don't they don't think like you and I they might but they don't realize it you would never ever think of this if I didn't pull it out of you. Yeah ever. Yeah, you just think you're just so woke and you just like made me so well. Woke I don't know if it's woke but like it's a real shame. I've started to notice like well as I got older and of course my siblings all getting married within a year of each other destroyed me for life. I was so angry with them all and they were just like I didn't understand it was the opposite of love. It was the opposite of it was just all about, you know tuxes and losing weight and fucking all this vein shit that I just didn't get It all and it was about who we going to invite and all this horrible shit and I just didn't like it. I really really really didn't like it and it was this fucking weird thing and it became like this the opposite of what we're told it was and you watch it on TV people cry and all this shit like, I don't know. I don't get it and maybe I'm maybe maybe I'm just a horrible person. Maybe I'm maybe I'm just not what we know. know that but like II don't know people in that goddamn show were crying they were fucking crying. Yeah. I mean we can't say why they were crying. Well, maybe they were emotional because because hope what the fuck am I doing? I met this girl yesterday. I asked her to marry me because I'm gonna take my fucking medication and I'm losing my mind. It could be it could be so many things it was. Yeah. I don't even know I just supposedly there's a reading And show this Thursday, so I don't know if I could go to your show. That's fine. I don't have to see it the last episode I kept saying like I hope they have like a you know, Lauren and Cameron are now pregnant with her second child and what the other two gods have or you know when this was filmed was it like recently? I don't know maybe kind of fascinating if it was like two weeks ago and they're all like I could I never spoke to her again after this week the show like no wouldn't it be better if it was a little long? Girl again, yeah, they'll of course they'd be alive was like five years ago when they're like who's the who has kids now but enough 5 then maybe like a year or at least six probably a years probably at least a year. I don't know editing and I I'm so curious as to what's going on and their Instagrams are like limited kind of probably because the show just came on Netflix so they can't like show too much. Maybe you know, yeah, no no a hundred percent. They don't want to like ruin the ending me. Yeah. Yeah, so I don't know it was it was very interesting. I probably wouldn't have ever watched it if my friends wasn't like you have to watch this craziness. Do you think you'll cry at our wedding? You know? I don't know. Why do people cry at weddings has it ever made sense to you? Yeah, what do you mean? I don't get it people cry because they're happy. Why are you why are they happy? They're just happy to be a wife to be a husband's. You know to spend the rest of their life with someone. I don't know to whatever the next chapter in their life. Maybe this maybe that I'm getting married me. So they're going to have kids soon and that makes them happy and excites them. I don't know if I'll cry if I do it would be because of that because I would just be so happy that you're finally in my husband. You know, it really ruined me what editing all those fucking weddings. Yeah, that really really might not change. If I don't cry would you be upset? No, I don't really like you used to tell me that if I don't cry when you propose that it that means I don't love you. When the fuck did I say that you you said that's me quite a few times. I probably was just trying to be a dick and hurt your feeling now. It seems it seems pretty truthful one. I'm probably just doing that because you're so cold hearted sometimes. Yeah, you're just so dead inside. I look in the eyes and say I love you and you'll roll your eyes and be like, can you pick up your stuff when I'll be like, this is theirs as well. If you picked up your stuff, then you would get a different response know so I don't want to say who specifically whose wedding I was at but they start they were like crying, it's me do it they were crying during their vows. And I was just like give me a fucking break right now. That's me. Don't worry. I want to know who and to me they wrote their own. like the whatever like they give you. I think I might a wrote their own, okay. And to me, I think that's a lot of the placebo effect of like, oh my God, I'm doing it more the a people my car because they're like, holy shit. This is I'm actually and they just like overwhelmed with emotion and maybe like scared a little. Because I when I think of marrying you I've never once like got teary-eyed is that mean I don't love you. Maybe like if I cry it might be because I'm thinking like, oh my God, this is this is it. I'm getting married. I'm going to be dead soon. That's probably there's my girl. I I don't get it. I don't get it. I get I get like I get I cry when I think about you in certain situations you going through something tough or you being really happy but I don't think you should put that much pressure on your fucking wedding. And I think that's that all came from somewhere it all came from movies and TVs TV shows and your family and pop culture and Fucking songs and she like that because yeah Best Day of My Life. Was probably when I was in st. Roch still or the best day of my life with you is probably in 2013 when you and I got a pizza pie, we got chicken cutlet and vodka pie and went to that beach and we relaxed it was I had such a great night with you. It's probably 2014, whatever the fuck and I think there's nothing wrong with saying that how many people on their fucking Instagram say best day of my life. Was it really or did you just think this is what everyone says so I'm just going to say this. Yeah. I don't know. Why would really be the best day of your life. Probably one of the best days of your life. But yeah how I mean that's very presumptuous to its like It so it wasn't I guess you don't love your wife. I guess you don't love your husband. I guess it's not your soul mates. Like no asshole. You're just saying that because you're saying words that you were told to say. Yeah, like I love Liana. Okay now we're married. I'm not going to fucking cry or think. Oh my God. She is my absolute. She's the other half. I never knew I needed like I don't believe any of that shit. Like I love you and want you my life. You might you absolutely enhance my life having you on tour makes my fucking anxiety diminish like you wouldn't believe that's fantastic. Like I don't want to cry and tell people that she's the reason I can breathe. She's they I don't understand that shit. I just I don't believe in it. Yeah, I mean I get you but I don't I don't know who are you to say? How is someone supposed to feel that's great. No, I love being there wife to be the Devil's Advocate be the devil's advocate for sure. I made everyone gets emotional. A different reasons. I also think you are nervous. I think people are nervous in front of people. but you might just get nervous sayings in front of all those people talking yeah I don't know about when I go on stage I always say I don't know how you do that I don't so you might you know how you doing looking at my own vows I'm just saying I'm taking whatever they give me yeah I'm I don't like the whole that way either but the reason why we're not married yet is because of the past five years of all this garbage that I've been like dissecting it's like I'm not giving in to this shit what am I what am I get what are we going to I want I want you and I to get married at City Hall their family that's what I want ya to be anti all of this garbage I want to party that's course you want to fucking rolls wall with a neon sign that says add Ellis and rows you want to give out Tiffany bracelet so you want all the garbage that people but I like I like parties this is my thing I like parties I would have a party for everything in fact have it rabs All right. Let's have it around and grabs a bowling alley out back home. Whatever bro, I want other I want other opinions. I want about it. I want an email Eric. Hey, man, big fan for a while when I you know, I met my wife blah blah blah blah. I couldn't believe it. Oh, that's great. Yeah, maybe you don't have it makes it it makes sense when Like people like well some of the people on that show, but like when you have a when you have a hard time people people try to find someone for years and they can find the right person. And then when they do that can be very emotional hundred percent that can also be my problem because I've never had a problem finding girls. Yeah, there's there's no there's no humble yet. Non huge bag way to say that. Yeah. That's I guess I never really I've never been fearful. Of being alone. I never had that thought. I never not never for a split second of all I have ever had the thought who's going to love me. Yeah that yeah, this is what I'm privileged to say. Absolutely. So to me, I guess. But whenever I whenever I'm being incredibly critical and very judgmental, it's never about. The machines that we talk about these sensitive people, it's always about the braggadocious fucking douchebags on Instagram with the fucking Rolex and and hashtagging Rolex and tagging Tiffany and fucking Gucci. Those are the people I'm talking about not talking about the sweet couple who met in the third grade and love each other and love the other. It's never it's always the assholes ruining it for everybody else. Like I love firemen. They're absolute Heroes. They save lives then you got the Kids, I went to fucking high school with who? Well, I'm fucking follow him and who just are the biggest douche bags on Earth who only where FDNY clothes who only think they can fucking cut people off and and do all this shit because they have a friend's PBA card and the ones who ruin it for everybody else. Okay. That's that's always who I'm talking about. It's never the real people who aren't like making it real stalking an asshole. Like it's the the loudest squeaky wheel gets the grease as they say, you know what I'm saying? I'm never heard that one. You've never heard that no the squeaky wheel gets the grease and now what does that mean? Well, what is it might be? Hold on. Let me just Google it really quickly say something quick. So there's no dead are this squeaky Greece this is it the squeaky wheel gets the grease. I never heard of that the squeaky wheel gets the grease you act. So I don't know. I'm trying to think of like, dude. You know what it means is a metaphor. I used it. I just didn't the wrong way, but the squeaky with mean like the child who complains the most gets. The most shit for Christmas. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay, I like that. So now here's here's here's why I'm a horrible boyfriend and I mean to you and I'm going to drag you right now. Yeah, because in a year from now a year from now, I won't remember I will say this and you'll be like I've used we've never talked about that. We're just so frustrating for me because I'm like, I have a good memory and I always remember shit and you're like, I that's never abandoned. You think you think this is right to do you think Like not being able to remember things. I think you have a selective a selective memory and and our time together means nothing to you. So your brain your brain deletes it so if I have selective memory mmm, is there a way to fix that? Can I see someone to help me not serious yet? The irony is I'm probably going to have dementia when we get older and you're going to be fine. So there you go. You can rub it in my face then when I don't know what day it is speaking of which really quickly. I want it maybe not now because it's already almost over but I have a PDF. Of the first three years of our relationship in text messages. I know I would like to read those so you have it right there. It's right in front of me. I want to read it. So when Liana and I met in 2013 We exchanged numbers July 21st, 2013 and then about a year later. I got a new iPhone and I said to her I'm sad. Like I'm not going to have our first text messages anymore. I found this software online. I don't know if I paid for it, but it made a PDF of my texts with you. It's amazing. So I saved it. Now. This is you know, this is almost 7 years old in July. And I have the absolute first text message. I actually sent it from your phone to my phone to get your number. Okay, you know what I wrote I guess. I mean, I just don't get into it. But I guess let's get into it. I don't know I wrote OMG L Al's with a z making pretending like you wrote that so it looks like you wrote that cyanide make funny and I like what a loser. And then that was it. So that was at 11:56 p.m. Wow's late and then 11:58 p.m. It says hey remember me for DJ's use other. I know you said that but I don't know what that means. So DJ's is a club in the Jersey Shore Leon I get shit for this because like we basically met there. Yeah, but I got you made a DJ's you guys are such losses, but we Met before that. Whatever the fuck just once or know, I was in your presence twice before that three times. It came into the store. My friend. Matt was interested in you. Were you aware of this? Yeah, I was aware. So yeah, so we the first time I met you was the fairy the Staten Island Ferry. What was this 2012 19th birthday or my 20th? I forget I don't fucking know it was like either. on a 12 and Matt my friend Matt started to talk to you well he's trying to talk to you did you ever hook up with him no did you date him no did you tell him that you love him no he say that your soul mates did he cry and say I just heard your voice and asked to marry know so all right so real I don't for people who don't know maybe this is a good topic though me just say real quick or is this like a this is a better podcast for another I don't know whatever the fuck my friend Matt who was on the podcast before who was on tour with us as well he saw you and started talking to you and your friend with his friend at the on the Staten Island Ferry yeah and I walked over hammered I made fun of your voice you did not like me at all and usually that works with girls back home I'd be like oh hang on high and they were like oh my God stop and then I'd like on that tongue but you hated it hated me very much maybe you thought I thought I was full of myself or arrogant who you thought that you are but I wasn't I didn't think I was anybody on me okay swanny way I never saw you again and then I'd be like yo why don't you ask that girl lyanna to come over me and Matt used to he found me on Facebook look right oh I don't know I don't know what the fuck he did yeah that he found me on Facebook swanny way I never saw you again and we would like we would do we would make fires in his backyard we got a bunt it had to be 2012 because it was around hurricane Sandy that I was like trying to get him those trying to like tell it was a hotel a girl lyanna to bring like a friend will have like at least to have girls in his yard and we would have like fires and shit shouts all the Bitties so we had a bunch of would we chopped and like when Sandy happened we had just like I don't even know what the fuck I don't know how you measure would where they call it pounds. I don't even know what we like. Hello. We had hella would as they said we had we literally Prana Chi Teahouse. They had like trees that fell that we have like 4 to 40 trees. We picked up some wood from this guy's house. We had a lot of wood. Anyway, we make fucking gigantic bonfires are totally illegal the woods to get would I would use the word to stick my wood into orifices and then I don't know. We never really saw each other again. And then I saw you at DJ's as you know, that's that's that girl. Lyanna that Matt never closed the deal with I'm gonna hook up with her tonight, and I'm like yo, Matt guess who I hooked up with last night you missed the other two, so we met then, you know people care you came into the diner the diner used to work at friends and you guys were so annoying. It was actually what God was almost exactly seven years ago. Today was the st. Patrick's Day Parade back home, and that's that that's That's when it was I went to st. Patrick's Day Parade. You guys are so annoying all drunk you all drunk. I was on like an extreme cleanse. So I hadn't eaten. I remember I never when you walk towards a yo, man. This girl's a fucking bitch. Let's get the hell out of here. Like I hated you. Yeah. I thought you sucked. I probably did suck. You're pretty but I was like, I mean I've seen pretty before she's just a fucking bitch this one. Yeah, I mean, so and then we went and we went to that store used to work into it. But that was it. It was always like oh Leanna and like yo mad to the girl. He's like, I don't know but you know, this is mad as I say love this and then he fell in love with his current girlfriend and he was gone never heard of him from again. So I just as a joke, I was like that all yo, I told Carrie I was like that girly and you said that girl. Lyanna that Matt liked know you would Joe Sultana. Oh, sorry. You're right. You're right. You're right. Carrie was other night. Yeah. I was like there's that girl Leanne is I'm going to go up to almost almost our tongue and her so I thought I'm going to let so, you know, whatever it is. And she's going to like I like this a lot you want anyone you want to thank my lips. Oh, it sounds dirty or now. Oh God. I didn't mean it like that. I meant like your actual my face. Yeah. I was in the tongue you face a little bit obvious up face. I'll just stick my tongue in your cleft chin. you have a chin dimple so I was like I'm gonna hook up with this girl lyanna I'm going to I told Joe I'm like yo that this girl over there I see it over there she's dancing this now I'm gonna go stick with I'm going to the collection and she could blowing those wiper ask the same time she got old yeah anyway so I just said I'm going to Vlog can hook up with its grow normally Omak guess who I hooked up with you couldn't close the deal and I did that's all I wanted from you I was in a fucking use you as fucking it was going to use you to rub it in my voice Fades the overall I closed the deal around that's where we started talking so I don't know I don't know if you I probably said text when you get home you were obsessed with me that night I was trying to be a gentleman I said text me when you get home actually I didn't text you that but someone said hey remember me from D to that was probably maybe there's two minutes later I probably did that oh you can't tell who's who no but I don't know if I had your phone and was texting from your phone I think it was still me hey marry me from DJ that's where that text came yeah yeah and then at 141 and I said text when you get home and our ladies almost two hours ladies you said totally got lost and I was like she's one of these girls she's gonna play the fucking text game I was going to hours later like she's a fucking what all those well whatever it was is we got lost and then I we got stuck outside my grandma's house who lived in New Jersey who lives in New Jersey so I said LOL and I was like a you home safe and you were like yeah all you and I didn't answer you see well I'm playing games well for I fell asleep bitch I was waiting up for you I was on the floor joists O'Donnell's friend's house yeah no pillow that's how I knew Justin I was a great friend I woke up in the middle of the night I had a pillow he had nothing no he gave me the pillow oh my God that is a fucking friend man I wouldn't do it for any of my friends I'm a horrible person now I would do it for Joe but I wouldn't and I'll never forget that he was at his friends house he wanted me to be comfortable so I love you Joe anyway I said you said you are you home I said yes you said yes LOL are you and I said yes the next morning you said yes the next morning yes LOL like I woke up I thought maybe you were trying to like be a fucking bitch and they play the game so you know what she wants to play games well you know what I got dibs on the thimble pass and go and collect $200 really don't want to read all of them which is no no but that was it I guess that's it July 22nd on July 22nd we talked we talked we talked all day you were you probably at work or something Probably and then we didn't talk again until July 25. That was after I saw you out right? Yeah. Mmm, I've literally never seen you out my entire life. And then I saw you out again within the same week. You were so obsessed with me. Okay North on rocks at my window the Pebbles and being like just please give me one more chance to remember that. He's such an idiot. I can't read these out loud because I'll fucking go up G. Oh cringy. Who's Angie you are me definitely me I mean oh my God yeah oh boy I love it I love that you have this this is the best thing in the world yeah it's pretty cool you had worked at day which would the day the next day the next day you had work so July 20 22 after we went out we had a crazy night DJ it was a Monday night I was a Monday because we probably was about Sunday fun day right of course Sunday a fun day then you had work later on and then and then I just I didn't you answered me and you stopped answering me you stopped answering me every time like you thought you were cool Well only because every fucking cont that I talk to at that time would take four hours to answer me. So I was just trying to gear up for that. I was trying to be like, alright. Well, here we go. She wants to be a fucking bitch. I was just used to that. I also it also worked. I was playing the game kept you interested or not. No, I didn't answer. I didn't text you over again. You landed on my couch, bitch. And then all this is why he went from really cringey. Yeah a 241. Is it me or you me? Oh, I can make fun of you though. Yeah, I don't want it. So I sent you a emoji with the kissing heart when after we met I saw you out at went on a Wednesday night and that's when I was with Carrie. He drove you home. Yeah, we made out. but your little backseat Bingo and then I texted you like when I got home probably can I say what you said? No, I don't want it when we don't read out loud. And I want one. I actually way more crunchy than you want and then that's it. It just goes on from there, but I was so cute. I think I was cute back then. Do you remember playing Scattergories on our first date? Of course you remember who won? Probably you here's something that was cute that you did that. I really laughed really hard at but it's such I really got you. It's such as you weren't reeled in enough. This was like you didn't want me to say of course, I do what? you're going to say I texted you the next day and was like I don't know k for kick or something so you were like we played scattegories and you couldn't think of something for like the letter c and you were like I just thought of something it was you know I could have said cable box and I was like that's great we had the letter P for that round so they were living at me you were living it Your response. I was just laughing at you thinking that it was like, oh, I just thought of Caleb Oxley. That's great. Let it was P for that one. I don't know. Fuck it. I don't know what cable box would have to do anything. You say you hit me with an LMAO. I Hy like you're a thirteen-year-old online hacker and that's it. I know why we said no one gives a fuck learning you think so. Yeah. Absolutely, I'll let me see what second me see. Hold on that was definitely like how I flirted weight. So it actually didn't go that great after that what really it's bad. We don't want we break up before we even get together break up. I want to see to like September like after you like ask me to officially be your girlfriend. Like what happens after that. I never asked you to be my girl. Yes, you did. What did I say you said will you be my mom you said that was it? You said you don't remember we were I was like Mom, I'm you mean mine. You don't remember that. I'm rubbing off. You wait your life. I'm rubbing off on you way too much. Love is blind mom. Do you remember though? I remember you drew you would drive me home after I know what I said and Keats party. Mmm, and you were like exactly what I just said I said, will you be mine mine, but seriously, do you don't you don't know? This is why it's sad from you. Don't even remember. I mean nothing to you know, you said something you said something like like I don't know was it it was like something funny obviously what do you say other girls can probably like they probably get got the quote tattooed on their body and don't even know what the fuck I remember but I remember being in front of my house and you ask me I didn't ask you to be my girlfriend you like will you be my girlfriend that didn't happen I'm not in the I'm on the eighth grade it wasn't in the eighth grade okay so what did you say I don't want to say but you know it wasn't that fucking cheesy it was cheesy though I remember being like joki that sounds like me but it wasn't I basically said like what do you consider us no really yeah and you like well I mean I basically tell you what I basically tell people you're my boyfriend is what I said I was also like we're like we're saying that no I said I'm telling people that you're my boyfriend's know you're full of shit I'm like that I swear no oh we go out that's what you said that's what you said you were like will you go out with me babe what if I want when we were in a lunch table it is 51 what are you talking about will you go out with me what am I I was 23 years old I wouldn't say will you go out with me oh my God what year do you think we met I don't think that I said oh was I eating dunkaroos at the same time like what are you talking about was like oh yeah I'm telling people that you're my boyfriend's oh yeah we hook up ma'am I'm trying to think of anything else going on here now no one wants to hear anything else I don't want to hear any of this I don't know why should I cut this out well I love you I'm happy where we are now yeah I'm happy that those cringy texts led to do you cry when you think about me for Nia no I was I think I want to have see this is what this would be kind of fun at our wedding for now now I'm fetishizing of a good one else I'm just this because I think of what a wedding but like yeah I want with this would be cute that's really like that's that's would like to play setting or something that should be somewhere yeah I have to edit out a lot of the really cringey ones but excuse me and I also have my God I'm sorry I'm just I also have ones from October on this transcript is 2,000 Pages what do you mean October on so actually I got my new phone in October I thought I got the next year but I got in October of 2013 and that's I also have the ones for my new phone as well so you don't even have that much I have from July to October and then I have from October to God knows when all right good I have I have you have from like babe yeah after the ones the first months of us being fresh the rest are too dumb hey where are you I'm outside that's keeping me to the express bus look it's the stupidest fucking text or not good text at all it's like a week and yeah so my moms like it's the dumbest fucking you see this is literally two thousand Pages 2600 it goes thousand it goes to where the hell is the date you show me sneakers me I don't know and how this is a oh shit I said oh my God what yo this was mad recent not mad recent but this was like when you were working at Anthony's office yeah so 27 have three years of texts me 16 yeah that's pretty wild all right sorry guys I don't have anybody found it interesting I just thought I just thought I just saw my desktop and just it was kind of going and inline how I want I want love is blind yeah I want to say how like naturally it happened it wasn't like oh my god this is my wife yeah although we'll say something there was a moment in your house that I did have a little bit of a Cheesy moment but I felt like I was the one he weren't it wasn't like she's the one it was more like I was having such a good time being single and I remember being like I'm ready for that to end because I liked I don't know the whole package I like who you were but it wasn't again it wasn't like oh my God it's her it was like I could definitely see this going somewhere but it wasn't like that's as crazy as it got so I people definitely have like oh I really like this girl I really want this to go some I really like this guy but this whole bullshit of like who the Will Smith is quoted but think about who it is how emotional Will Smith is I read a quote somewhere that on their first date with Jada Will Smith walking to the bathroom and started crying because he knew that wasn't that was his wife and I just rolled my eyes like give me a fucking break that's ridiculous he's just saying that yeah to sound romantic that's what artists say about women yep that's it base that could've been a lyric in one of his songs that's ridiculous and if he did I think he's fucking crazy he could have been on that show he could have been on that show alright so there you go did you did you have a good time is love blinds and will it take over your mind I met her right that was Eve right my dating myself you met you I met Eve where there was an NSYNC charity basketball game in 2000 and it was in Queens and my sister Lisa I'll never forget she was a huge NSYNC fan and I went with my parents to pick her up and I was wearing a my brothers Nick Van Exel Jersey spit it out and she was like you're such a loser and I'm going to see any any players I was like just leave me alone and she didn't meet anyone and I got a picture with Eve I tried to get a picture I got an autograph because I wanted you to what a bitch Lisa was she like made fun of me because I was a charity basketball game no I'd realized it was in 92 mm so it wasn't a picture she signed something I told her love is blind I'm Mara talent pool for a while I met Eve and they will be like who's Eve and I would like what how you doing Eva's I mean I was a little I was a little educated in like music it was a little about you know had a my time yeah how would how do other people not know who Eve is this what I'm saying I'm gonna have like two friends so maybe draw bounded know who you was and I was basically it because job was more into like you know it's the slipknot's anyway alright guys hope you enjoyed this podcast if you didn't I apologize but I had fun Lana you're my soul mate, and I will cry when we get married in front of the better kind of Disney Castle or else I'll leave you. Yeah, I'm Doug not gonna cry I might but I only did it because of you and I've been through a lot of shit and was tough to get to a point. Yeah where I can safely say I would kill you if I had the chance and even if you did cry it would probably be like thinking about those hard times that you had that I was with you where you were crying. I was just make you sad well, you know guys, you know to put me on blast like that. I mean, you know, that was really sorry. So anyway, all right guys, yeah. Thanks for joining us. So enjoy your March. may you go where are you taking me from check my Instagram I have a huge announcement coming today tonight Monday night Monday nigh we're taking you for your birthday we want to go we want to go I'm asking you from months you never in and now you're going to tell me March 23rd you're going to tell me Hawaii you want to go to y-yeah how much is that gonna cost you don't want to know all right man I also got a little bit of trim I got it I got it I gotta I gotta freeze I gotta pause my my long hair growth for a little while everyone's probably so upset just a pause it's not it's not it's not it's not a reset I'm not shaving it just a little bit of a pause alright guys until next week love you too bye