Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the molars in the back. The Loris taught school in California near the place where she grew up and soon she noticed that the kids in her class were too hungry to pay attention many of the children were sick and some of them didn't even have shoes to wear. These are the children of Farm Workers and the children were hungry and sick because the Farm Workers were being paid enough to take care of their families switcher brushing to the bottom of your mouth and keep brushing. Dolores found out that the Farm Workers were not being treated fairly by the owners of the Farms. She decided to help them organize a union a union is when people come together to demand to be treated fairly by the people. They work for Dolores help the Farm Workers organized a strike. That means they refuse to work until the farm owners agreed to treat the workers better switch or brushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth and brush your front teeth to Dolores and the Farm Workers marched in the streets chanting, which means yes, we can in Spanish with the workers on strike. The farm owners had known to work on their farms and pick the fruits and vegetables. Finally. The farm owners had to give in and agreed to pay the Farm Workers fairly and treat them with respect. Because of her courage and compassion Dolores work. That is today's Chompers heroin. That's it for Chompers today, but come back tonight for more heroines from history until then, please. Chompers is a production of gimlet media.