Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become. Happy across all areas of your life. Thanks for listening. I'm let's get the show started. Hi, I'm dr. Matthew Perry. This is tell me what you're proud of I'm here with dr. Marty seif who has been one of my mentors for years. And so my favorite part of being a psychologist is using humor compassion and flexibility to help people build resilience while they are anxious. Dr. Marty seif was instrumental in the development and the shift away. way from Anna You know what? Actually I'm excited. I'm excited to talk to you about. I don't know what I really don't know what I've Been instrumental and in some way but I know that during the course of my career I saw a big shift in the focus of anxiety disorder treatment when I started out the primary form of treatment was analytic basically people said there's something that's causing this problem. We have to figure out what causes it and if we can figure out what causes it then we can that somehow Create elimination of it and that was the price the primary form of treatment at that time. The problem with it is that old see it seemed to make a lot of sense. It didn't work very well and people would comment about the fact that people who had significant anxiety disorders were often lifelong patients. There was one fellow who was the department head of the Department of Psychiatry where I work to said, well, very anxious patients are like annuities they stay with us for their Entire life that great patience and they pay they help us pay for our retirement. That's a joke, but the fact is that pretty soon people started realizing that that was not the best way to treat people's anxiety disorders and in the 70s and 80s, there was a whole bunch of things that went on that sort of change that there was the rise of what was now called cognitive behavior therapy their number of people who and who did that around the country. Some of them are very famous now, some of them are not Exam is but they were in Innovative and there's also a rise of something called the consumer movement where people the consumers the old patients were saying wait a second. We're doing what we should be doing. We're paying our money. We're seeing people and not getting better. So something has to be done. It's better and eventually there was a rise of of organizations and consumers they all came together and started to change the way that we looked at anxiety disorders and how to treat them and there's been a a number of kind of stepwise kind of improvements in treatment over the years went on and we're now in the midst of another step at this point and my guess is another 10 or 15 years. They'll be yet another step in terms of understanding it because there's still a lot of people who need help but can't get help. So can you be more specific about what has changed? Wow, that's a big question. It's a big it's a big question. So number one the whole approaches change, you know from an analytic approach to what's today called the cognitive behavioral approaches where essentially people are looking at not so much what causes these things? It's a whole different view of Psychopathology really but a sense of it's a relevant sort of initially. What causes it the idea is let's try to figure out how to reduce anxiety. I guess that's the word we use and initially anxiety was considered to be in the model of what's now called cognitive behavioral therapy anxiety was considered to be a maladaptive response a bad habit and so people You sort of learning theory principles to try to unlearn those responses at some point when sort of what's called second wave cognitive behavioral therapy came along people said, well, there's some cognitive component and thoughts. If you can change the thoughts you can change the way that you feel and that sort of took a lot of time and now we're in the midst of what's the third wave or sometimes called act type of perspective, which is more like it's not so much what you're feeling or What you're thinking it's how you feel about what you feel or what you think about what you think in some way it's it's the way that you receive the emotion the way you experience it in some way and that might seem a little elusive to people who are new to that concept. But my guess is that people who work with you and listen to you and deal with you probably it's very familiar and just kind of repeating the same thing or any different way, hopefully. Yeah, so I think people are definitely very familiar with what you were. Just saying so from your perspective is all the other stuff wrong. So the question is Are the other things wrong? I think a better term to use is that they are either poorly timed in in the sense that people have a great desire to learn about themselves. And that's what analytic more dynamic therapy tries to do. I think there's a place for it in therapy. It may not be the way to overcome a significant anxiety disorder. There's a place for it at the right time. How come why isn't Saying more easing more psychoanalytic concepts the way to overcome a significant anxiety disorder. Well, first of all, there are smart people who would say that it is, you know, so I just want to tell you that I'm probably representing at this point a significant perspective, but there's probably people who are thoughtful people who I respect who would say it is the best way to do it from my perspective. There are times. We were analyzing something actually inadvertently without getting into a lot of detail reinforces the aspect of The anxiety disorder if you're talking about a person who has for an example an obsession an obsessive thought that upsets them in some way and you spend a lot of the the the prevailing view among that I hold and I think a lot of people hold and is probably consistent with what we know about neurology and neurosurgery psychology at this time is that these are just sort of junk thoughts that kind of pop up from time to time. And the way we deal with them has to do with how upset we get with them and if we begin to analyze them and through and talk about why they happen there and why they're going on at that time. Then we're essentially engaging with them and giving them more do than they should I tell people who have who get frightened by the thoughts look your imagination just beats you up, you know, and you have to learn how to be less beaten up by your imagination one way is to somehow learn how to engage age with it less and importantly to determine which thoughts are really important to think about and which thoughts are important to cut to let pass by that's a hard. Yeah what to do when you're made very frightened by it because the whole other part of it is how anxious you make buy it. Yeah. So let's talk more about that as filing because Sally also used junk that they're just junk thoughts which completely makes sense. A lot of the heart terms really so I whatever things that I say that has Sally also says basically I'm inadvertently copying from Sally. Okay. She's a smart one of our team. It's true. I feel that way too. You're not alone. Okay, so back to differentiating between junk thoughts and important ones or managing managing the distress that you have when you have junk thoughts the thoughts What can you tell us more about that? Well, I'll I'm going to expand that question. Okay, because I think that This has to be that close to the nation. So is it is it does it needs to be that close Okay it no. No it I'll try to hold it. Okay. Let me try to expand that. I think if I think about what I do as a therapist and I am very fortunate. I love my job. I really am I I sometimes think I can't believe I get paid for this but don't tell patients that because you know, I don't want them to think I feel the same way. One of the things is I realized that people inadvertently. Start to look at anxiety in a way that locks them up. And I know that from my personal experience. I tell people I was very anxious when I was younger and and I pretty seriously tell people I turned my disability into into an okay career. So I know what it's like from from personal experience. And what happens is that the process of therapy is somehow trying to get people to look at anxiety from a different perspective because because they look at it from this way and they can't see any way to get around it and they say come over here and take a look at it from this they say, oh, I see something that I can do and I said come over here and look at it from this perspective and say oh now I could see something and somebody so it gives them the opportunity to begin to get unlocked from the effects of a Anxiety, okay. So what that is and the main component which is which sounds so simple but it's really really complicated because people generally by the time they come and see someone like me who has a reputation as being expert in the field of anxiety disorders. They essentially say Okay. I want techniques. I want some way of handling things in some way and are they coping skills coping skills and you know, Don't say necessarily this to them because I think it's an honest question that they asked but you know, you could read about coping skills in Redbook magazine. You don't need to do a consultation for someone, you know and paying money. We don't know Redbook magazine. Oh, that's my age. Redbook magazine doesn't exist anymore. Okay, you could do it in tell me a magazine that still exists but no no no no, come on. I mean one that used to have like a paper version. Is there is there a Keen Bogue, okay. Is there Teen Vogue? Yes. Okay, good. But yeah something that okay Buzz I'll do both feet. But you know what? I mean, you could just read those things the real important thing getting back to the point the thing that's most important most subtle and most difficult. I say to people what we have to do is give you a massive Attitude Change very hard to do in the attitude. Is that inadvertently? Well, the attitude changes that you are fighting these feelings and all the rules that you're used to in dealing with things in life change when you're coping with anxiety. So one of the things that you know, David carbonell likes to say is that in general in life were used to the fact that the more effort we put into something the greater the chance of succeeding in some way and that's a lot of people come to see us their work. can really hard to get rid of their anxiety, but if you kind of Tell them that there's a different perspective on it and change your attitude. They say wait a second. Actually, the rules are different with anxiety effort Works backwards when you're dealing with anxiety the harder you try to shake it get rid of it. Push away banish it in some way the less successful you're going to be so that's a big attitude change that goes on and really what we're doing is telling a person that the most efficient way. The most direct way to become less anxious to be less constrained by Whatever anxiety you have is initially to take an attitude of acceptance, which is one of the paradoxes one of the many paradoxes that deal that grapple was anxiety, but the notion is in some way that what when you feel this feeling it will pass by most quickly you will get used to it most quickly. Perhaps there's some evidence suggests. You will create new brain circuitry that allows you to inhibit the sense of in tolerability of that feeling if you allow it stay with it Let It Be by himself watch it float with it. Any metaphor it's a hard thing to do because in a sense is a your brain is saying part of your brain is saying this is a real emergency another part of your brain saying no, it's just Laughing me and suddenly and you're trying to stay in that situation. It's a big leap of faith. Yeah. So how does it relate to the techniques again? Well, and actually I'm just thinking of people that hear this read this think about it as like I just got to do it. So how does when people think about going towards their fears and exposure or intentional practice? How does just facing it relate to acceptance because a lot of people face their fears say, you know try to say let's say I don't know exactly the logical thing. But let off the top of my head. I would say facing the fear is necessary but not sufficient. Let's put it that way. It's a component of successful exposure. So let me just start by telling you something that I would. You often because for many years I ran a pretty intensive fear of flying program and there was some people who and it culminated with us taking a group flight in some way which is which is quite a trip. If you don't know what it's like to have 30 30 35 people afraid of flying on it on a regular schedule fight. It was it was a trip. Okay a lot of trips by the way, and then he says Senses, but that's alright. So but the people there would always be certain people who somehow missed the whole point of what I was trying to make, you know, and you know, that would be 25 people in the group. There was I didn't feel too bad if there were one or two didn't who didn't miss it and they would say just before the flight. I'm just going to do it. I'm just gonna I'm just gonna white-knuckle my way through it in some way. Invariably those are the people who either didn't fly or did poorest on the flight. They you know, because that's so facing Their Fear and they certainly face the fear they were not they were very frightened. So these were people so when I say facing the fear is necessary but not sufficient. For exposure to work. There are a number of criteria that need to be determined number one. Exposure has to be willing. Okay, someone can't tie you up and throw you some place and say this is the exposure that you want because you're just going to fight it. Okay, and that's not a good attitude of acceptance to fight it number two. It has to be manageable and what I mean by that is there has to be some sense that whatever you feel. Feels like you can somehow tolerated because you want exposure to be therapeutic in that traumatic. Okay, if it's traumatic than a person comes out of exposures as you know, what I realized. This really does suck. This is really the worst thing. Okay. I was really I shouldn't have done it. I realized avoiding this for the last X years was really the right thing to do. So you're facing your fear in a way that is willing manageable. You have to expose yourself to the Correct triggers, that's a common problem that people have so for example, if a person is has thoughts that they might drive off a bridge and they're driving over a bridge and they keep on keep their mind focused on something else and they're just driving over a bridge there thinking that the trigger for them is the bridge when in fact, it's not the trigger is the thought and if they essentially are trying to crowd out the thoughts are limiting the thought exposure. Okay the exposure to the right trigger one, two, three four. Oh and then the most complicated one of exposure, which is really I think the art of therapy is somehow you have to avoid avoidances and that little phrase encompasses a lot of different things because most of us who have intense anxiety might you know, I can tell you from experience. We are we become expert at avoidances. Okay, and most of often we don't know it other people we know it rather but other people don't know what our therapist No it whatever so become really great avoidances. So and avoidance has essentially our obviate or change therapeutic exposure to something. Other than that. Okay, you got that. I do something by pushing a button. No, I just have thought that is if that's about it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so I call it a are you might call it? I don't know where I got it but betraying yourself so when somebody okay, so when somebody okay there little original for me. Okay. So betraying yourself is when you have a really subtle avoidance and you tell your therapist about it or or you tell the groove coming out. Yeah could be no. Yeah betraying is it is an interesting word. I wouldn't I would consider it more like Something much more positive are like you're betraying your OCD. Yes. That's what I meant. That's what I'm a trainer OCD because you're really it's the opposite of a train yourself. You're celebrating yourself your basic, you know, the I want to I'd like you to look at as a victory, you know, every time you feel anxiety. It's a victory. It's an opportunity to practice in some way and that's another thing that that's part of the attitude change that essentially the name of the game of anxiety is avoidance people want to avoid and what you're trying. NG to do is a as a patient, but certainly as a therapist you're trying to inculcate this attitude is to say know what's really good is to feel anxiety and you could be really cookie about you know, if you take the right attitude, I often tell patients listen a day without anxiety is like a day without sunshine, you know, because every day gives you an opportunity to practice, you know, and I kind of believe that so I yeah and patients get into it they'll come in they'll say well you'll think this Is really good, you know, but I did not but no but you will really like it. Okay, exactly. Exactly. Yeah, I like that a lot. So I think one of the subtle avoidances that when we're trying to avoid avoidances is when people get caught in whether it's a Monumental compulsion or rumination, they get they get caught in post event processing after exposures. So they say oh you're talking about after exposures. No, tell me what you mean by that. So are you saying so they do an exposure they go home and they think about it. Yes, well in particular if even so for instance, maybe they're doing an exposure to thoughts. They don't like sometimes going towards a thought. Someone doesn't like is the exposure but sometimes people feel drawn into thinking about thoughts like once I thought is there then they feel like they have to keep thinking about it. And so So for my perspective, the exposure would actually be distraction or redirecting their attention while anxious. So I think either have a clear picture of I'm not sure what you mean by that. I mean I was I thought you meant something else, but tell me I'm interested in that so They the exposures over is that right? They've gone home are they doing a let the exposures over the session is over there with themselves and they start thinking about having thought about that thought or what? Yeah, I'm talking about two different things. So let me the first one that I want to frame up is I think often happening with scrupulosity and harm OCD where the thought is what if I've hurt someone and once they start thinking Thinking about how they might have hurt someone or whether they're a bad person staying with the script around that or staying with. Any form of exposure to it, whether that's external or internal. It feels like they have to do it because if they didn't do it that would definitely mean that they're a bad person. That they have to stay with. Well, you know that might my experience is that it's a little different. Usually what's far more common is that as people begin to expose themselves and feel less comfort with the less discomfort with thoughts like that. And they and the next thought is either a more for what Sally is called a kind of a meta intrusion where person says What is it mean that I'm willing and able to have these thoughts without distressing that proves the fact that I'm a terrible person what kind of person could have thoughts like that and not feel horrified about it. So why would call that a you know, as Sally is said well, you know, I thought about a thought is still a thought, you know, so what happens is that that becomes the next intrusive thought because that's a that's that's a common morphing but that's not what you mean. Is it you mean something a little more subtle? No, I think that you actually spoke to the subtlety of it. I think the person that thinks that they're needing to stay with their harm intrusion is staying with it with the intention of figuring out what it means. Okay, so, oh, okay. So well, that would be engaging it in some way and that's that would be something that you would ask a person to try to refrain from in some way that would Sort of being bluffed by the anxious thought in a way. Yeah, but I thought you were talking about when you mention it first. There were some other things. So for example, social anxiety disorder is one of the anxieties that after an exposure, you know, everyone can relate to the notion of anticipatory anxiety where you I mean think we talked about that, you know, once which is it always feels like it's a prediction of Of the future, but it's really a thought in the president has more to do with memories of the past projected into the possibility of future has far to do with our memories and is pretty consistently pretty strongly a cognitive process an indication anticipatory anxiety is an indication of my past not a prediction of my future. I've heard that before someone said that to me think we came up with it together. I think you came up with it. I think you did so I think but but with social anxiety disorder, you know people experience what's sometimes called, you know, the word Supply mind where you go back and you and you're kind of in a it's not anticipate its replay post event processing. Yeah, but it's this a cute word that is used to describe it where you go back and say, how did I do? I shouldn't have done that. I can it's so but it's Really a for it's after the exposure you go back and it's some sort of post play, you know, but it's it's, you know, Monday morning quarterbacking, but that's not the term. I'll probably think about the term later on but you can put that in there. If you edit it in somewhere you'll just my words and you'll see that anyway, so that's one of the things that goes on and then there's also I was reading some of the articles by Woman who does all the work on the woman on the west coast who does all the work on inhibitory learning? What's your name? Chakra ask kreski? Yeah, and she talked about how to one of the ways to essentially get the most benefits out of exposure is that after exposure not to create as many processes which interfere with the consolidation of the new circuitry in some way. So she says, Afterwards try not to get too distracted try to spend time with yourself. Try to be try to keep your mind, you know, a lot of us have these very busy noisy Minds anyway, so try to keep the extraneous extractions distractions as low as possible and that'll and that allows the consolidation because her according to kraske he's Theory there's actually a new circuitry that's created which inhibits the original response in some way. The original anxieties model for what we what we call Extinction or unlearning or whatever term that's uses inhibitory learning. Yeah. So tell me about the self-criticism. So when that particularly after an exposure some part of the person is thinking like, oh I'm proud. I went towards my fear, but then maybe I my body is really sensitized. I'm having some Play I may be also getting critical particularly if my exposure was incidental not intentional or if I had thoughts or feelings that I wasn't expecting. So you have any thoughts on especially when after an exposure someone is exceptionally self-critical and maybe is that's getting in the way of them learning from The Experience. Look everything that we do in in this. And in this work has to be done from a word that's so overused. But I'm going to use it. Anyway from a mindful perspective in some way and what that means is that we need to always practice trying to pay attention to how we are acting in any given time. I mean that's a task and you know mindfulness is something that we're capacity that we're all born with and if we practice it we can get better with its own way, but we never become Very mindful. We're not even the Buddhist monks who spend, you know, a hundred hours a day, you know practicing meditation they fall off the wagon frequently. I understand. That's what I've been told. That's what I've read. I should say. So what it means is that when we try to do something from a kind of mindful not judgmental objective dispassionate disinterested IE neutral perspective. That's the attitude that we aim for know when we do it and we find that we've done we had some expectancies because we all have expectancies and we start beating ourselves up in some way. The best attitude I can take is sort of to paraphrase what kabat-zinn says he says, you know, when not if you begin to stray and beat yourself up in some way, you know, gently or lovingly might use that term so to bring yourself back. Back to the present and a kind of more accepting attitude because what you don't want to do is say I'm pissed off at myself, you know, I'm really upset that I sort of blew it in that way because that's the opposite of the attitude that you want to take. I think there are two concepts there. One of them is that I think part of that is that people are stuck because they are they're told that effort Works backwards. So on one hand, they understand that an effort Philip effortful approach is not helpful most of them catch on with that pretty quickly. But the other hand to not put effort into it in some way feels lazy. Okay. So I think that you can you can use two principals at that time the way I like to think of it is that you can be disciplined and you can be gentle and and that's the approach that you want to take you can say, okay. I'm disciplined. I didn't do that the way I would have liked to have done it but I could also be G. I can point that out and be clear about that like also try to be gentle with myself to the extent to which I'm able to do that using this sort of umbrella of a mindfulness approach. Can you be more specific about how what being disciplined looks like? You know, it's interesting. I think it makes more sense to look at it from a different perspective from the from the opposite perspective that often people mistake not putting intense effort in something as something that involves laziness or sloppiness in some way that in a sense. for example I can give you one example that comes to mind is that much of what we look at is urgency people feel urgency. I think is a manifestation of anxiety and I tell patients all the time, you know, urgency is rare if you feel urgency, especially if you feel it's why am I feeling quite so urgent about this? I'm anxious, you know, if you have crushing pain in your chest if you cut your hand and you're splitting if you're spreading red blood Arjun, You don't say okay that can wait till tomorrow, you know, you know you take care of it, you know when something is urgent. Okay, but most of the time the sense of urgency is if you look at it doesn't quite make sense yourself. That's an aspect of thing of anxiety. So I think it takes a great deal of discipline. to slow down And essentially let time pass when you're feeling that went everything in your body is saying emergency emergency everything in your psyche. I should say and your body is saying emergency emergency. Take care of this right away takes a huge amount of discipline to say no. I'm going to slow down. I'm going to intentionally not address those things I think. An example of discipline completely agree and when people, you know, actually no because they've heard that that's what they're supposed to do. And then they're having trouble regularly committing to it. Howhow are you gentle with about that? I'm not known as the gentlest therapists. Okay, I should tell you I certainly have gentle parts of me, but I don't we're trying to talk about compassion and mindfulness. Here. We are. It luck. My feeling is if I don't push them I feel like I'm trying to push them in the right direction. If I don't push them in the right direction who is so I think that there are times that I am quite Lenient with people and I say I think he did the right thing and I can't make sense for you to avoid and not to do that in some way but and I'm very willing but I consider I tell pay I think the part of my role is if I think they're there if they're oriented in the right direction. I should put my foot on their tush and push really that's I think that's part of my role in some way, you know, and hopefully get to the point where you have them to the point where they Trust Enough to say okay. I'm going to do it even though I really don't want to I'm just going to trust you that you know, I'm taking this leap of faith. It's a hard thing to do. I've been there been there, you know, I used to be afraid of flying and flying overcoming my fear of flying was the hardest thing I have ever done in my whole life. It was a revolution in my life. It was a reconceptualization of who I was and what I was capable of doing seriously. How did you get there? How do I get to do it? Yeah. How did you shift? The way that you were thinking about it with a lot. How did it happen? Well, I eventually started doing it and then I realized that I could do it but it was it was you know, it seemed like I know I joke with people but it's really truth. I said, I grew up in New York. There were three things. I knew would never I never do my life. I'd never play center field for the Yankees. I never play senator from New York Knick for the New York Knicks, and I never fly in a plane it seemed. It seemed written in stone in some way. I still haven't played for the next so the Yankees I think that's gone. But I do fly in and playing now. The other thing I should tell you is that when patients fly. And they you know, we fly in a group and then and then and then afterwards we meet once again to kind of go over the experience the most common phrase I hear from people is dr. Seif was walking down the Jetport. I felt like I was walking to my own funeral. So why do I say that? Because the one thing that we often ignore in this is that it takes a lot of courage to overcome an anxiety disorder. Thanks a lot of Courage courage is really an important thing. I think we need to kind of credit every person who makes a step with being a courageous person and it speaks to what courage is. It speaks to the fact that people are willing to encounter and experience such a great degree of anxiety. Why because they have a goal in mind. That's very important to them in some way. You know, there's that sense of it's it's used now this phrase I am bigger than my feelings. I am bigger than my feelings. I can I'm larger than my feelings. I I can I'm willing to experience this particular form of pain in order to achieve a goal that seems important to me in some way and I'm willing to suffer now. I'm a long-distance cycling. And when you start to climb a six mile hill and you realize that for the next hour you're going to be working like hell that's bigger than your feelings. I mean you complain about it a lot more because you realize that that you're essentially willing to engage in a lot of pain and maybe crazy, you know to get to the top of the hill. Does seem crazy to me honestly, but that's a different but it's a similar Concept in some way that I'm bigger than these feelings at any given time. Yeah, I like to use the concept of soreness to compare it to anxiety sensitivity. Do you like that analogy or do you want to talk more about it? I'm here. Yeah. Well, I don't know what you mean by soreness. But for me, I would call it not soon as I would call it excruciating pain. Okay, but you know. Okay, so we're so so where I take it is that if when you were five you were told if you started to sweat if your muscles got tired, if you were out of breath when you were trying to run then there was something deeply wrong with you and you're never going to be able to play the game. Then the moment you tried to join. Jim would be really conforms confusing and painful for you because you really want. Want to win maybe or you really want to play the game with the kids, but you have it in your mind that the normal thing that your body is doing as you try to go learn and grow is dangerous to you. So we all I mean we all learned though that soreness just means that we were working really hard you get sore when you go after a long bike ride during the experience in some way. Okay? Okay. Now I understand that. Okay, I would say that in my mind. Look I've been through it. Some ways and people have varying degrees of experience. But in my mind it soreness doesn't quite do it but I understand that, you know, if you believe that soreness was was dangerous and then that's what does it but that's that goes back to the old thing again. It's not so much what you feel it's how you it's how you feel about what you feel. I mean, it sounds a little gobbledygook but it really actually makes sense just like Panic is not so much fear is fear the fear, you know, and that's yeah. Yeah, so Can you add going back to courage people say this isn't feel courageous other people can do the same thing. So easily. Why why are you trying to say that what I'm doing is courageous. What are your thoughts? Well, if someone could do something easy, there's nothing to do with courage. I mean courage has to do with not the presence or absence of well, it has to do with the willingness to accept fear in order to achieve another goal. That's that's the definition of courage. So if I can do something Really? It may be a great feed. It may be a sign of X Y and Z but it certainly has nothing to do with courage courage means the willingness to tolerate fear in order to achieve another goal. So I really like this this podcast is all about what people are proud of and what therapist are proud of in in people that overcome their anxiety. Can you say more about what you're proud of in the so I think you're you're basically saying that you see courage and people can you tell me what else you see and people that recover well, I've been doing this for a long time. Okay, so part of it is as a therapist the process of meeting people getting to know them getting quite fond of some of them and then if I do a really good job and they do a really good job saying goodbye to them. So that's and if I'm proud of it, but it's part of the process of my job and occasionally. There are people who stick around for long enough so that I kind of almost feel like they're part of the family certain way and I like that I'm proud of that in some way. Pride I don't know if I should tuck I'm proud of the work that I do, although I think that I don't do that much. I think that you know, I just sort of help people look at something and people ask me. Well how important is your work and I tell them really honestly, I think well You know there are days that you'd much rather have a good plumber than a good therapist. You know, it's true. No, I don't know what that means. You know what it means of so your liver house you have you live in an apartment where there's always a handyman you figure out what it's like wings when you're alone in your house and your kitchen sink get stopped or the toilet doesn't flush. You know, you really want a good plumber. Okay. So good Summers can be really important in some way. I'm sorry if it seems like a random, but it's true, but But what I do, but what I do, I think it's it's I just sort of fill in the parts that people don't have on themselves and and I think I'm particularly fortunate because I'm pretty skilled at helping put those parts in in some way. The other thing we didn't mention about which I think people watching this are noticing you have to have a sense of humor. You got to be able to joke about this stuff because it's so Preposterous in certain ways. It's so painful and Preposterous. It's like we're just getting beaten up by our mind. What's that old saying? And the mind is a wonderful servant but a poor master, so you got it. You have to figure out how to turn it into your servant and not let it be your master in some way because our mind isn't as smart as we think it is in some way you can really take us in the wrong direction and at times it's just goofy and stupid and somewhere and for those people who if I have patients the first or second time I see them and they may be crying because they're painful, but if they could also laugh and they could joke about it. I know they're going to do Well, really? Yeah, so humors sign of a good prognosis. Let me hear what you have to say about realistic way of thinking about recovery given that you started with, you know, working in hospitals where people were either hospitalized or and treatment for their whole lives. We've come a long way in terms of anxiety Theory and how we treat things people weren't no let me correct that they were they were good and Lytic patients for their whole life they had anxiety disorders and they would come to them their therapeutic meetings once or twice a week outpatient this was but it was said to me by an individual who was at that point had a department of Psychiatry at a hospital that I worked with how they were annuities. Okay, so but they were annuities in one's private practice. So again, I'm sorry go ahead. So I I just wanted to correct that so in in light of that and in light of the chronic intermittent aspect of anxiety disorders, I wonder actually if you could speak a little bit more to that and how that relates to a realistic philosophy of recovery. Well, I think really recovery depends on the sort of life that a person wants to lead. But I think there are a couple of General in terms of the more you work at something the more you the more you can progress towards recovery and I'll talk about what I mean by recovery in a minute, but I just want to make that point so the patient comes in and they say how much time should I spend with us? I said well suppose you want to become a gold medal Olympic swimmer how much time you think you should put into it? Okay or suppose you want to learn to be fluent in a foreign language in one year how much time you think you should put into it? And they said well, I don't want to be the world's champion. I just want to become a good swimmer. That's a whole different thing. So everybody has their own goal of what they of what they're looking for. We still have in the find recovery, but we're knowing that there's some element between the amount of energy and time and effort that you put into it the right way. And they work and the results that you get there's some relationship. That's number one. Number two. It's hard to Define recovery, but I can tell you the certain elements about it number one. Lack of symptoms is not a sufficient definition of recovery. Okay, because anxiety disorders as we said tend to be chronic intermittent disorders and they can go away on their own. And we don't know why there's a lot we don't know about them. Where's it go in their own? You might wake up one morning. It's sort of like you're in a storm you wake up one day and the sun is out. It's really great. You figure great fabulous, but what's to say that the wind isn't going to shift in the storms going to blow back again? So lack of symptoms in a situation like that is a kind of fortunate chance occurrence in a certain way, but it's not recovery. One is closer to reek. So here's the point when someone feels that a certain emotion anxiety or some dysphoric or unpleasant feeling is experienced as intolerable. That's the basis of an anxiety disorder if the feeling is intolerable than have to avoid it and I find all these ways of avoiding it so the more confidence I get that whatever feeling I get feels tolerable as opposed to intolerable the closer I am to feeling to recovery so if I believe that no matter what happens I might get anxious but I can handle it and the closer the more I feel like an the more confident I feel like I can handle it the closer I get to feeling recovered so it's not so much the absence of symptoms it's the Bility of feeling the symptoms are handle manageable or really? No big deal. Okay. Yeah, and can I just comment on that that that's not a one-time insight and that even like having a moment where you're exceptionally willing and then trying to grab it I think is a trick that people try to grab onto that. So having lots and lots of moments where you feel exceptionally willing. Eventually becomes a sense of I know what to do. When I get to this space go leaving for in that I hadn't really heard that before it's a nice description anything that feels exceptional in any way is not recovery because recovery feels ordinary. Okay, that's my default way of doing things and we switch I mean, you know, we could not be symptomatic for a long time and something goes on and we begin to feel it again and we begin to learn I feel Like it's a way of training our brain to deal with things and you know, there was a time about 30 years back where I was really virtually fluent in French. And now when I go to France, I can't understand a thing, you know still cursed with the very good for French language. So people think I could speak but I really can't I can't understand anything. So what happens is that we learn things we forget we learn things and then we forget them in some way. So practice is also important thing and I think the Of Step model is a fine bottle to say. I always have to accept the possibility that I can somehow. sort of start reacting in old ways and some way and always had to allow that and always accept the possibility and and Beyond be aware of it and and the concept of expect accept and allow for some of the attitudinal shifts regarding sort of third wave CBT or act whatever is sort of illustrates that point thank you so much for listening if you felt any benefit from the show please let us know and share it with anyone you think would also find benefit as a disclaimer please consult your doctor or therapist before attempting any strategy shared here thank you