My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit. Yeah, I was talking a lot about the super Tuesday or as buying calls it super Thursday. I Want to Jump Right In what I want to talk about because I don't have a lot. I know you do. So. I just want to kind of recap that a little bit Trump had his town hall today. I thought it was really good. Why watch I watched probably three-quarters of it. Did you get a watch that? No, I saw a clip where he was talking about mini mic doing horribly and then just went off on Joe Biden not knowing His sister from his wife and I was like, yeah. Yeah. Well, that's not really what I want to talk about. But I just want to say you know numbers are you know, obviously increasing the percentage of people the votes counted our you know increasing and it's still kind of reflecting what I talked about yesterday, which was you know, the turnout for Trump has been pretty spectacular. So I don't want to take away the fact that the Democrats have also had pretty decent turnouts but not in the younger age group that Bernie was hoping for they're still not turning out to vote. So I don't know man. I think he's gonna have a hell of a time. Well, I saw something that showed how much how many votes Trump actually got in California for just the primary it to in California, dude. Yep. I got it. Yeah. Well, what is it like 2 million or sometimes like 1.8 million? Yeah, I'm rounding but I think the Democrats had some like three. Million, which is expected but what a lot of people are discussing is that Trump individually owned everybody and now to be fair when you got five or six candidates in the pool that's going to you know reflect differently because you know, once they're down like we saw today Miss Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren dropped out of the race. Yes, she did when you have that then you know, obviously some votes are going to go. To her and when she drops out they're going to go somewhere else. But what I was talking about yesterday was the fact that not all these votes are going to transfer over to somebody else. So no. Yeah, you got there Bernie or bust you have the Biden's or bus or I should say the moderate or bust they're not jumping over to each other. So that number is is pretty skewed when you really think about it. It is dude, and it's it should just be very For the Democrats. I mean they if Biden is who you and like your party have decided to put all your eggs in. I mean because this was a Consolidated effort. I mean what Pete Buddha judge dropped out Klobuchar dropped out now, I mean mini and mini Mike dropped out. They all three kind of ganged up and backed endorsed by didn't and then today you have Elizabeth Warren who backed out Out I don't know if she has announced to she's going to back though. I will say this. I have a feeling that Buddha judge made a deal with Biden. I'm pretty sure that Bloomberg made a deal with Biden. Hey Alan dorsia. You get me a seat on such and such or you know this or that or whatever maybe I don't think anybody likes Elizabeth Warren, so I don't think that she's gonna get offered squat to be honest with you but even like Bloomberg His numbers weren't that good as a whole he did get votes, but they weren't that good. So getting his endorsement. I mean how good is that? Really? Probably not that worthwhile. You know I'm saying well, I mean he has a lot of money so he could definitely put a lot of power behind your advertisement power. But the thing is is that look at who also came out is Beto O'Rourke. We haven't seen that guy since he was clucking like a chicken. Unfriend yeah, CNN get away from me. You're doing good who is like saying the f word to get get the fuck back? Those are four years. Yeah. Yeah, that's actually scary. I talked about that last night. That's actually a really good topic. I wanted to bring back up and I'm glad you brought it up was the moderate Joe. You know, I'm saying Joe is the moderate they keep talking about Joe being the moderate and all signs point to the fact that he's actually not that moderate anymore. He's kind of fallen in line. With the rest of the far left movement and he's not the same Biden as he was in 16 or even during his vice presidency with Obama his border situation the fact that he brought beta-1 and said, you know, he had his arm around him and he's like, this is who I'm gonna go to for all my gun info right here, you know, whatever. I'm like that's a last person you want to go to like if you want to lose the election go to Beta or work for gun information. So well, I mean some people are saying Saying that he's suffering from Dementia or some sort of like brain loss. So this would explain it. I mean, he he's asked, you know what I mean acting more like a liberal. I mean that makes more sense some of the brain lost power, you know, well, he's being his true self probably. Well. Yeah. Yeah, he's coming to fruition. That's anyways, what did you have to talk about? Because I know you sent me a list yesterday was pretty good. I didn't want to go in too many of it the topics without you so I kind of left it hanging. I don't If any of its relevant syllabus or anything you want to talk about from that list you sent. Yes. So essentially you're seeing a lot more Q stuff at Trump rallies because it was banned. It was it was not allowed they would you know, you'd have people having a Sikh into Trump rallies like hiding their cue shirts and then they would like take off their sweatshirt mid-show and then the whoo, and then you know what? I mean, so but now they're letting all these people in not only that but there's a new Trump ad that has come out and front and center dude. You see a woman standing there with a big queue on an American flag in the center of her shirt and it's a good she's on there for a good one to Mississippi, dude. Yeah and I'm just saying it's it's kind of a in a trump ad when you only have like a minute of time and you're dedicating one second of that time to this woman wearing a q shirt. That's saying something. Well, he has plenty of supporters. He didn't need to use that particular one. He chose that one or whoever's working for him and did it chose that one. So, I mean he could have went through any number of videos of Patriots holding flags up or give him a thumbs up and they chose that one so it's pretty odd. Yeah, so and then going into someone like the stock market stuff. So did you see that? They they cut the rate like we were talking about. Yep. I saw that then they might cut it again. Yes, and so x 22 everybody should go listen next Wednesday. Listen to us. Of course, I mean, we're a lot more funny than x 1 into I think but x22 has some good knowledge on the stock market on the markets like he has like just a good foresight on what's going to Yeah, and he's talking about how there was this thing. Have you ever heard of do you know what a dead cat bounce is? Yes. So for the people in the audience, always just explain it. Look at the way the Wikipedia definition. Okay, so it's a small brief recovery in the price of a declining stock. So it's a stock market term and it was derived from its kind of morbid but it says even a dead cat will bounce if it falls from a great height. So it's kind of like The Recoil of the body of the cat. So basically what it is is it's a small little bump Recovery after a great decline in the fall of the market, right? Yep. And so that's kind of what we're seeing right now is you're seeing the socks go up a little bit and then what's going to happen though is they're going to declare this thing a pandemic within the next couple days dude, because it's you're seeing the picture build. I mean, they're they're illustrating it every morning when you wake up and you see a brand-new. There's a new case over in Tennessee There's a it's going all over The United States now, right and Italy shutting down their universities shutting down their schools. And then it's they're going to it's either the CDC or who is going to come out and say okay. This is a global pandemic which is going hand-in-hand with event 201 mind you. Yes, yes, but what's going to happen is the stocks are going to fall even more after that after they declared a pandemic. Shit's gonna hit the fan dude. People are going to freak out and we've already seen it. Like the Costco is like completely empty. Yeah, my wife just went to Walmart and she's like dude it was Bare like there was not a lot of stuff on the shelves, like people are buying stuff. So you think it's weird now wait until they declared a pandemic. Yeah. I've noticed I noticed today at work and increase in people have never seen. Before which is rare if you know where I work, but a lot of random people coming in buying a lot of goods a lot of toilet paper. I just still don't get it. I don't get it man. It's a lot of toilet paper. I'm like how much you gonna shit seriously how much you need to shit, but there's a lot of like, you know, we can't get Purell for example, that's literally you can't buy it. It's not available. We can't even get it in. So there's a lot of people that are buying that kind of stuff but we have some real weirdos man. I'm talking to the real ones are coming out right now and We had a guy I can't even see his face, but he walked into the he had a mask on he had his hood up. His hair was in his eyes. He was young guy probably early mid 20s, and he had snow gloves on like I'm talking like not like latex or you know snow gloves big old pad is snow gloves and he had two backpacks one in the front one in the back and he was shopping for his goods and he's like he I rang him up. It was pretty quiet at that time, but he Cuz he's like, yeah, man. Sorry. I can't I can't push the buttons on this machine because my gloves are too big. I'm like well, I mean I can do it for you. I gave him a pen so he could push it with a pen because he did not want to take his clothes off and he was telling me he's like dude. This is so much worse than they're telling us man. We're I mean we literally could die. I think we all could die from this. This is like a you know, this is the end of the times and I'm like then what are you doing? Then? What are you doing right now? If this is it? Why not? Enjoy the last little bit of time you got, you know, go party go have a drink. Go bang a chick whatever you want to do, man. Just don't be you right now, you know, but that's what I'm saying. The level of the news the way they're covering. This is what we've been talking about Greg for a while now the the fear and the Panic that the news is causing is worse than any of this virus could possibly do. Yeah. I think the people panic is the number one concern for me right now. And because a lot of people are not a really awake to what's going on. And I mean that they will believe in everything that they're told by mainstream news mainstream science. They won't like question stuff. Even when it's saying, okay. Well, you're going to have to stay home. I mean, I know you need to go to work to make a paycheck, but you're not going to be allowed to do that. We're going to have to have you a self quarantine. OK you're going to have to quarantine yourself, you know, you got to do what's right because this is a dangerous thing and people like that. That who wear mittens to a Goddamn grocery store dude. I mean, come on dude. I know you've also explained that there was that woman who was afraid of Wi-Fi signals. She wears like aluminum jacket right? Mesh out of metal mesh like celery she's a night. Yeah. I'm not saying that everybody's like this guy. My point is is that this is a young man seemed very nice. I mean, he was nice. He clearly had long hair. He was really upset and I wasn't going to offer but he was like man. I really wish I could give my hair pulled back on my face because it was so much it was like in his eyes, you know, and he had these freaking mitts on yes. He wanted you to do it dude. I don't know. Maybe it's he was fishing for a response. He's like, oh man this hair in my eyes really does bug me. Well, I sure would be nice to have in hand. My boss was laughing at me. He's like did you were awfully friendly to him? You know, I'm like, well listen, here's how I look at it man. The kid is clearly nervous. Okay, he's clearly scared and I don't blame him for that. That's not his fault that he's been fed this info that we're all gonna die, you know or that this is an extreme thing. That is so much worse than the news. He believes that so I'm not going to sit there and be like, dude, you're dumb like come on man. Like I'm just like, hey man, you know, yeah, he was talking about the goods. He was getting he was buying a bunch of stuff and he's trying to fit in a backpack. Because you had he walked a mile to get to the store walked because he didn't want to take public transportation because he thought he was going to catch something. So it literally I feel for him and I was like, I was you know, I'm sitting there like, you know, Clean Hands I had Purell and stuff that we I occasionally use but I'm like, I'm just sitting there smiling and I'm like, hey man, just you got to do you you know, like, you know, it's good that you're buying stuff is that doesn't hurt you. Don't he's like Whoa, man, you don't this could be months. This could be months man. Well, I don't you know, I don't know what to tell you at that point. I just I just wish you luck. That's all I can tell you, you know, hopefully you don't die. I guess. Well, you gotta you gotta imagine how many of those people are out there a lot and what you should ask him is. Hey, do you believe in climate change and he would have been like 100% sir? Yes, I do because it's the same it's the same people that are feeding you the the fears of climate change. Although you go to a bank and you ask for a primary loan. Or property down on Florida Bank Street. And yeah, they'll okay. We'll give it to you no matter what. Yeah and logic 101 would tell you if global warming was real if these oceans are going to raise ten feet in the next 10 years. No one's going to sell you like a 10-year loan. No one's going to sell you property down there. Yeah, it has to do with the good example that was used in other terms bedding. So like sports betting right? I was talking about the recent Wilder Tyson fight with one of Of the guys that is that my work and he's talking about betting on it and the odds and he's like the only way to tell who's gonna like who has the best shot in with a real lodz are to look at the Sharks. You know, I'm saying the Sharks don't want to lose money. So what they're saying the odds are means that it's in their favor rewrite. It has it's no different than anything else man, like a like a bank. They're not going to give out their hard-earned cash if they feel like there's not going to be a return back on it. And so they're not going to be giving you Oceanfront. Opportunity if they feel like the they're not going to be able to invest or get that money invested back into them is they're just going to deny it. So yeah, the whole thing's a fraud man in my opinion. So it's a huge for them. Well, I mean it's exploitation. So they're taking problem and they're they're taking a molehill and making it a mountain. Yeah. You know I'm saying so they're blowing this thing way out of proportion and that is where the panic and the fear build up influence. I agree with you. But so this dead cat are the dead cat balance, right? So it happened. It's probably going to happen again, but x22, it's been saying that Trump is going to take this to the advantage dude. He wants this to happen because it's going to force the FED to cut the rates. N and possibly even go negative rates dude. Yeah, which he says that this will lead to the transition back into the gold standard. Which will frequency and remember there's there's even articles I brought that up on a pass podcast. Yeah, and there's Arguments for it and there's arguments against it, but I'm looking at buying stocks and gold dude, or at least buying some gold. Yeah, very soon. Well, it's a smarter thing. I'm not sure that I you know, I buy that we're going to go back into a gold standard. I don't know. I don't know either, but I know that the Federal Reserve needs to go bye-bye, you know, I think It's very evident. They have nothing they don't help us as people. It's not it's a private thing. They do what they wish it. Doesn't you know, they don't go with the flow. They kind of set their own tone. I just don't like it. I think that's what Trump's the the whole mission that he had. His had was to dismantle this thing and he's been talking about it for years that they're scum. Basically. Well, I don't have all the answers. But yeah, from what I from what I understand is that I think Trump was helped out by Admiral Rogers, right? So he was the guy who basically told him over in Trump Tower. Hey, you need to get the hell out of this Trump Tower because they have this thing bugged. Yeah, and you need to move your headquarters get somewhere else and I think he might I think he might be cute dude. I honestly do because think about it. He Q is what Q class Q status like you have classification you have access to all this material, right? He's an admiral He's like he's up there dude. He knows a lot of stuff and the fact that he knew about secret operations that were happening at the CIA level about Trump Tower. He was being spied on should tell you something, you know are no hard to say man. It's really hard to say, but you know how like Trump has always come out and said like he hates the FED he wants to end the fed and all this stuff and that's a very kind of libertarian topic. I mean it draws in the libertarian crowd. Yeah. A lot of the FED can be blamed for these Foreign Wars for because you look at the countries that were invading their the people that are not involved in the federal bank and they're not involved in the central bank and they want to actually start their own profits. They want to start their own monetary system and then we go invade them to prevent them from rising up to power and gaining this axis, right? And so that's the conspiracy to this Petro dollar is that We're as soon as we went to this fiat currency, and we're basically based off of oil. That we have to go start wars to protect our investment and that that is why we go to all these different Foreign Wars It's because we're preventing them from utilizing their natural resources to build up their own economy and become the American dream somewhere else. Yeah, and I will say I you know, you brought up x22 quite often over the past couple podcast and I've never watched it until today. I watched it this morning on. Way to work and that's where I actually heard about the the dead cat whatever. However you say that yeah, it's a he's really good. I know you always say like check him out. He's awesome. I'm going to tell you he's really awesome, man. And even for somebody who's not really into it like you are he's very calm which is why I think you made a say that we're probably funnier than he is. He's he's pretty bland. He's pretty dry. But I as a whole I think that he's he's pretty legit. So So I definitely think you should check out x22 so. Yeah, so other than that, I would just keep your eyes on the market, you know, it's going to they're going to declare a pandemic. Go get your food go get your toilet paper go get your you know tampons, whatever you need to get. I know I got plenty of those I need them. But anyway, well, I just want to say just keep this in mind people. The only way that we're you know going to survive this issue with with the Panic is don't be hoarders about this. Okay, get what you need. I think the rule that somebody said that I thought was good as if you buy one brick of cheese. B by 2 you know I'm saying like there you go don't buy five. Don't buy 10 of this. We have people buying multiple cases of Purell now, nobody has Purell because you have ten cases and you're not going to freaking use 10 cases, you know, I mean, so the bottom line is is like don't hoard that's going to be a huge issue because we're already going to have trouble getting trucks in it's already going to be things people not going to work. So just slow down just buy what you need. I just want to say that as a little warning Well something else I wanted to bring up there. This is actually kind of funny. So remember a couple podcast back we brought up Katie Katie career from MSNBC. She went out up in New Hampshire and she talked to a voter and she's like a sister who you're going to vote for. He's like, I'm going to vote for John or Donald John Trump. So she she did it again, dude. Did you see this? I sure did it's good. So she went into a local Rhett like a grocery store right downtown. Where was this at? Do you remember I don't remember the location? No. Well, the guy was Hispanic. I mean he didn't I don't think he spoke English at all. He had an interpreter with him. Yeah, she did. And so they were talking and she's like so you're gonna go Bernie or by adding, you know and and something set he's you know, the guy was like, you know, but Bernie, you know Sanders and then the guys like, okay. Yeah. Bernie Sanders is you know, he's he likes him. He's going to vote for him and then something they exchanged in some more talking and then the guy goes. Oh, really? And then Katie career goes you're going to vote or your daughter's going to vote for Trump. And he's like, yeah, and then she goes porque like why well, she actually what what my understanding of it is if she asked if his daughter had got him to vote for Bernie Sanders. Yes, and he said no actually in my daughter is going to be voting for Donald Trump and she said why and she says I don't know how you she loves him, you know, and she was bewildered bro. I mean she Well, he has they don't even like they think it's just rare. It's weird that they think is a rare occurrence to have somebody like Donald Trump, you know. Well, there's a if you continue that clip like her Katie Couric and the in The Interpreter walk outside and they didn't like they're talking to each other and she goes so why do you think he has daughter was going to be voting for Trump and the guy was like, well, you know, I'm really surprised. There's like a 10 to 15% these the Burn minority of our culture that won't vote the right way. I mean, we're not supposed to vote for Trump, you know Dave's a and it's like stubborn. Yeah, like dude, you gotta you can vote whoever you want to vote for when we talked and there's a yes stubborn conservative Branch to the Immigrant immigrants are especially, you know, Mexicans Latinos and and I'm sure there are but Trump's numbers. I mean shit dude, he could get 30% of that Latino vote. You know, I'm saying he could Again, 30 percent of that African-American vote. It's you know, I don't know man. I I just I don't know why that's surprising I think it's really sad that it kind of goes to show you that Katie cure doesn't go out and talk to regular people. You know, that's what it kind of ultimately says is she's not talking to people on the ground because if she were she wouldn't be so surprised by these reactions. Well, they want to make it look surprising. I think that's part of the actor. They want to make it look like oh someone's being stubborn. Oh someone's whoa. Someone's on the outside. What? Yeah, like you're there an anomaly. Is that what? Yeah, I get you. Yeah, they want to make it look like whoa, dude. You gotta rethink what you're doing here. Okay. Yeah. Well I all I can say is that all these people who do support Trump who may be Latino, maybe African-American like they have Friends, they talk to people they discuss things they know where they stand and where their friends and family stand so it's not really going to win anybody over man. I mean, you know, I mean like she's not going to the only people she used she would be doing that for is the woke left in La who's watching it on TV going like see this is just one. This is one guy, you know, like one girl. No not there's a lot there's a lot actually wouldn't be shocked if there's a lot more man to be honest with you. Well, I think that's why I'm really interested to see who shows up for this presidential voting. I mean for the this year for when we vote for the president. I think it's going to be the most people voting that we've ever seen before. I don't know. I don't know and I know that Barack Obama brought this out, but I think that right now Now because it's you gotta look at it like two different ways you got to look at there's a lot of people that hate Trump and there's a lot of people that love Trump. Yeah. So when those two masses collide together, I think that that's one thing that Trump has done is definitely got people more into politics whether that's a good thing or a bad thing you could argue either way, but I think every waking everybody up into politics is essentially a good thing because how are you to know? I mean Look at our friends did when we asked him like Hey, you don't care about this like local decision below. How is it going to affect me? I don't know think big picture dude. Think about like if you have somebody who's having taxes on this one issue and having taxes on this other issue and then all of a sudden, you know as the slippery slope argument. Yeah, you can make that all day, but I'm just saying I got I got my frickin property tax today and I'm going through the itemized list of Actions like you got this tax this tax this tax, you know what I'm saying? So dude, the thing is listen, you know you made a good point. We have a lot of friends who really just don't care and that's okay. I mean, it's not okay, but it's okay if they want to I'm not going to try to convince them otherwise but to say that you I think that the how does it affect me as the wrong way. I think a lot of them say what they do doesn't affect me. My life isn't going to change that's what it is and I have to disagree so much because on this election in particular say, it's Bernie Sanders, you know, you're talking about two extremes. You know, I'm saying you're talking about ultimate capitalism ultimate socialism. You're talking about lower taxes. To the extreme and increased taxes to the extreme now, if you want to talk about your day-to-day life, you can be stubborn and say it's not going to affect you. But when you get your paycheck home and there is 20% more taken out or 30% more taken out or in his dream world 70% more taken out. I think you're going to be like what the fuck is this? I had no idea this was coming and that is a big problem when you're not paying attention and I have a feeling there's a lot of Voters who have no idea what this really really means and I think the only thing I can hope for it. Listen if there's a bigger turnout that's great in the big scheme of things. They keep saying that if it's a large large turnout it favors Democrats. I have a feeling that more people are going to vote for Trump. Trump we're going to come out for Trump and even people that were on the fence at didn't vote for him last time might actually come around because the world didn't end guys Trump didn't start a nuclear war and everybody that had questions about him are probably going. Hey, damn. I was little wrong on this we've heard it. We've seen it on YouTube. We've seen the videos. We've seen the walkaway movement. It's all over the place man. I have a feeling a lot more people are going to go pull that trick lever for Donald Trump. I agree and I think it opens the door. For further candidates to I mean just to say hey if Trump could do it I could do it too. So that's one possibility. Yeah, so I want to take this back to Bloomberg. Okay and kind of mix this in with what's been going on with just everything right? Did you see the video of him by the way licking his fingers like a frickin like he was sucking it off of like like a vacuum is grossly actually put a half-eaten pizza back in the box and then lick everything GE did it was it was disgusting gross and James Woods was like, yeah that so this is how you spread coronavirus 101 here. Yeah, actually the five the Five on Fox were saying like he has no self-awareness the So into himself that he literally has no idea that he's being gross or that he's just a nasty person but he is he's a turd. He's like a he's a turd. Yeah, but this guy is so on on Twitter mark Meadows. He made a really good point and this goes against the Trump Russia collusion. Right the whole Russian bought thing. So like the narrative was that Russia spent money to influence Facebook, right? All these like bots on Facebook were like programming everybody right to change. Everybody's mind. I know where you're going with this and it's a good point. So Michael Bloomberg, this is what Mark Meadows wrote right here. Michael Bloomberg could barely win a delegate in a primary with five hundred plus million dollars. But if you ask Washington Democrats a few Russian troll spending $100,000 on Facebook ads swung the entire 2016 elections got it. Yeah, so it's like you're saying that even spending over what? Ian dollars dude, and he what did he win America Samoa? Yeah five delegates. So I mean those are all going to buy it now everybody good. Good luck. No, I'm just kidding. But those like I mean he spent how many ads on YouTube alone. Yeah. I mean, I just I posted something today that I got in the mail like that. It says like Trump is worried about Mike Bloomberg or something like that. Like Trump is like no he's not No, he's not. Yeah, and so you guys think about the money and think about what the claim is that the Russians spent $100,000 on Twitter Bots or Facebook bus, whatever the bot you guys have brains. Okay. You guys know when you see bullshit is bullshit. Mike Bloomberg is bullshit. Clearly. Yeah, I mean the vote shows that And well, it goes to show you that having that much money doesn't mean you're going to win missing out on the first couple debates is not a good idea. Just like Rudy Giuliani did back in the day where he skipped the first couple debates and it just doesn't work. Maybe it'll work down the road but it's not working right now didn't work for him. And also, you know, one of the one of the channels was saying like money can get you a lot of ass, but it can't buy a personality and the guy has no personality. He wasn't likable he Is not funny he was short which I'm sorry, but that's you know, if you're short you're gonna have a little tougher time being a dominant figure. That's why Trump is so, you know, I don't even know the word but he Towers over people. He looks big he is a big person. He's a little obese. You know, I'm saying like when he shakes her hand, he grabs you by the fucking Nick, you know, I mean like he's just a dominant human and Bloomberg is not and that is the same reason that I really I feel like Bernie Sanders is going to have a lot of problems because when he's on stage if it is him, I hope it's not me. I hope it's Biden. I don't really care. Who but when you go stand next to Trump, they're gonna look very weak. Biden is going to look very slow and Bernie's going to look very weak. Yes, I agree after going to be insane. If it's Biden. Oh my Lord, is this debate going to be funny? Because Trump will not let him say this random stuff and not call him out on it period Well Let's get into what we're going to talk about this week and what to keep an eye on. Okay, because because I just baby. Oh, yeah. I was going to say we are getting up there in time. So we gotta we gotta go but the things we got to keep an eye on. What you just talked about Joe Biden and Bernie and all of this stuff. Remember couple podcast goes probably over a month. Maybe two months you brought up you brought up the question of what if somebody dies. While they are the candidate that's been chosen the nominee. Okay. Yeah, like if you keep that in mind everybody because we're going to go there we're going there this Sunday who is invisible and who's gonna go Greg. I don't know but I think that that we got to look at the rules because the rules matter. Okay, and if the rules if the rule suddenly change here in the next couple weeks, we got to pay attention to this because Bernie is come out Bernie came out today or last night and said if it comes to a contested convention, I'm going to give up. Religious right? He said yeah. He said yeah. I just I posted on Instagram about it. He came out and said that if Biden gets the votes he won period that's it. So I'm just saying Bernie is not going to let this go to a contested convention and they kind of want this and we're going to go into why and so but those rules everybody do their research look up those rules because we're going to be doing some research as well. Okay, I like it. And then the coronavirus news apparently now, there are two strains Dave. No boy, okay. Oh boy, there's S screen and an else train the else Train That's lethal bro. Okay, that's the hell. That's lethal Jesus. God, dude. I'm just so sick of this guy's we live in Washington state and if you follow the news at all, you know that Washington is the supposed epicenter epicenter for this Corona virus. There is what nine deaths now. From that retirement home up north and I'm just going to tell you word on the street here in my hometown. And your hometown Greg is I ain't seen nothing. You know, I'm saying I seen nothing but the city that we're from Longview did put out a kind of a feed saying that they're they're going into it not a state of emergency because they have no cases but just out of concern they're going to go into an emergency state that be prepared to not have to go to work be prepared to have things shut down guys. Then this is all just this is so fraudulent. I'm telling you so fraudulent. Well, I don't know. I'm curious what the numbers are. I need to look that up. I would like to talk about on the podcast what the actual numbers of flu deaths are compared to coronavirus DSR this year, so I would bet you I bet you the flu is really just killing so we'll go we'll go more into that this this So I'm just laying up the topics on what we're going to test. I know so I'm getting excited about this. But just keep an eye on that and then also the federal funding right emergency funding. So wherever the sanctuary stays were for illegal aliens. Yeah. They're the ones that are coming out next to declare states of emergency. So you're going to see New York come out. You're going to see New Jersey come out people are going to be like, well, those are all the populated areas. Okay. Well those were also the sanctuary City. So yeah, there's a And there's also some news with Trump in the sanctuary cities and defunding them that's actually going to be moving forward. So it's a big conundrum if you ask me. Yes, sir. All right. Well, let's save the rest. Let's do a live feed. What tomorrow? Yeah, we're going to get on tomorrow live Instagram. We will be all in around 8 o'clock. Let's say Friday because tomorrow is today Weber's listening to this. Hopefully, I mean it will see well. Yeah. Well Friday 8:00 o'clock. Yeah, we will be live on Instagram. I don't know how many videos are going to take but we'd like to get a couple in and I'd love Greg to be able to take a couple videos. They either way we're going to have fun. It'll be enjoyable. And as usual, please follow like share and tell a friend or two. Indeed our Greg appreciate talk to you glad we were able to do a podcast. I was a little concerned yesterday. Okay, and we're oh, yeah real quick. We got to make sure that Sunday we don't forget to update our our our followers on our carnivore diet that we've been on for this week. So, oh I'm following it to a tee. So we got to give an update. Okay. All right, where we won we go all baby. All right. All right. Talk to you later, bud sayonara. It's just awfully good that Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country because you'd be in jail my mom. merkin