Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender. Hosted by a proud Hydra Sadat Khan in conversation with our pain of nagar conceived and curated by Shamir Tandon. Hello. Hello method Argonaut. Yeah, d'Italia podcast that explores the unexplored lives of transgender or a we know Madonna third gender go explore can never eat them. Especially after the last episode just met dr. 16mm Rosati or a dreamer certain age. Humbug, getting a barbarous teach key right for a transgender Junior Juan Castillo castration. Come on stage with a yes vote against step disabled Dunya me share an optimism and 303 million or doctor saxena met with Angie kiss Tara commits, re-expression. Kobbari media, and I'm listening. Thank you, Jonathan. Dwayne Sotter was God that tether but language is a detective named me. Murali. Say Habib area the a hotel Key apis messy hospitals man, who wrote a legal professional maybe he heard you got some money. or In case of city government hospitals May gender reassignment surgery K'naan say watch or worn on Sydney Carton Arcane language or a Urologic a test psychiatric and psychological tests position Catalyst or Excel real life experience other six pair how much or post-operative care but the Belsnickel give away another gave up exalted post operative care regular dilation a subject that I skip a sigma press Olga or incapacity aquellas cosas. Or mostly cases fail OT Q Ki post-operative care. What company party? Yay, Joe you happy karate handle one ax kottarakara quacks. Keep us cool Hospital knee Hospital semantically Kazakhstan camera with I just can't bark is he doctor economy and nameplate negocios covid MKC go. But again, you will see another Doll Collector. Get hit by a bus or HIV clip which led to multiple doctors. It needs are the is level members active up in okay professional or that they came a McGrath stated he already or may marry friend much of the Kabbalah Kaimuki crustacean. Carvanha manageable School a car guy Tome nsima Zakaria K2 is aha device covid to see if Miracle. I'm alive. Vicki Matata he's rugged conditions. Yes and almost all successful. Debido a Satori nabina. You say hamari semaj me calidad Quezada. Hmm get to Nick to Callie Roberts a hooker goes really to above up Szymanski took care to above absurd come to the so so much. Karna, hoga you get to other example number table tricky dragic a sheriff's a be a big his route to get it natural source of all our Reiki a girl Hospital basically surgery ot2 anesthesia a good year local aquatic major local anesthesia in my speech. I was not knowing that it was proper and Deja Vu Kitty Jeff doctor named Julia came to Jamaica. All right now to book Eric in a absorb your attack again, how many rural area me again? It's not better get a remote areas me Tom covid Zion gate to egdon a pair of Jerusalem or Israel last time. I really it was a very touching moment for me. Had to our hotel just me or did I ask as to acrobat to say really because never lie to locally or to the designated a closer on many they called - apologies about Curry Jamaica whose speciality is most happiest about Clarity City agent. Caleca at Kennedy Meadows in the human. Genome or just many car just did. Disco, like a merger a witness Superior feel Carta clinical data owr Jamaica too many decades of megachitos. Snake cooker Nicola doctors aboard. Dr. Cooper Nichol Thai cooking salmon, Delta is Isabel Ramirez a man Carnival a pressure cooker. And I was not having any feelings into that area and I was asking my friend with my research capacity and I was keeping a asking her that I become and Baobab jacket ravaged and I can show that car car boys into my ears and I was it was such an intense moment, but it was making me feel happy. Anyhow mechanical keyboard Kristi Andersen. He in ARG who ear I finally our Mario more bizarre than it. Ben oh, I was like 16 and a half at that time of frustration as you can see of fast lilinette accommodate Hindustan matamata at Russell cave stank Evo is steady gig Affair slightly by Miguel Merry Christmas, honey te a good year for Selena, Joe superval expressly GameStop's ahead and hang you because nobody feeling Nike Ambulance he need three PM Nativity covid Nimble covid covid. I'm sure that Kim a club. Yo Mario well for him just jump in my gaiety. Just remote area came about cutting. Will you be Miss State? How can you pay job is rotten meat McQueen Amelia koi bhi. Nahi dude body or just fuck. I just met her today. Hello Maria or was becoming tense. But doctors have you Willa I said, you know, I was not fortunate to have it in Andhra Pradesh. I'm not wrong. They are the chicken lover, but they could be checking. Can you get me a message? Collision girlfriends, okay. Mmm emasculation car IPC 320 section car offensive or non-billable a okay. So I'm not listening to feedback was the behavior of Pascal Dia. It's me, or we could check review hotei and said he owed a blender. Yeah, maybe but I don't care doctor doctor doctor your surgery. Location penalty, dr. Location change 30 or uncork a bottle infrastructure ninja jota HR by RT V II throughout the station all day and I sit here by the way, and I see several anesthesiology, dr. Mindy. Many Sunita had like a mini company. You'll agree with me or Germany was bleeding. Get a good thing. Hmm. I'm bleeding killer. Thalassa social name is dr. Vodka, Robbie in covid. Jld sexual deviation. Heat that I've seen my mother huh bugger bugger. Crustacean Caracas doctors have it near me yoga. It's an El Niño que conductores happen to anybody else Adobe building finale Muslim. I tell you man. I pushed you in German if I got a team or going myself. We'll go Jaden passed in rock. Now. I was covid am challenging you maggot. Dr. Czaban. America's me a kaha kill later beer. We say our and the capita fada chaos around the world, please Auntie Mishima heart attack the market today is and With many bosses how much keyboards American Urban are there is what's a hooker exerting your completion to Hotel yoga. I'm sure Crystal a complication callable member terrified about lucky a keyword or train Cooper feeldog. I hope you guys like the hospital man Merry Christmas. Ultimately by the name automatic digital who are Personnel OG American Icon Judy normal. Oh my God me. I'll be so true. I beat you up. Treat me with good injection painkiller. Your subject is considered a vegetable ghee help you keep track a picture, but Keanu pizza guy so ordered. Is Kyra some job, you know, it's a digital just say I have some Vector X shoddy j0d VC is catalyst didn't kill somebody to become very easy, very mean next episode because faculty that work your name, you can put iturra explore gonna tow his rural community Co sorry Dustin Rivas a cockeyed a hotel family members kind of definitely though coffee with them. Smoking is injurious to health. Okay, I didn't say that. That doesn't means if you never smoked in never die, you were listening to Spotify Originals presents. These are Li the life of a transgender featuring fidaa con a proud Hydra conceived and created by Shamir tanden co-host writer creative supervisor up enough Naga protect head harsh Bundy. Music and Sound supervisor a Han Xiang recording engineered and mixed by our local Journey at Studio 2:08 presented by rotten avani produced by music batik air. Are you tally Dana?