Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi. So if at any point in time some of what John saying is not very clear. It's down to the Wi-Fi and the connection we had but I've done a what I think is a good job on it at it. So it should sound should sound pretty good through the interview just quickly before we jump into the interview, really really thank you so much for for our growth on Twitter social media. We really are seeing some great stats now on. Of course, which is great to see in something. I know they're expected to see when I first started this out and episode 1 so, so thank you very much for that. So I think it's about time. I introduced introduced John John rug. Thanks for coming out to the podcast pleasure. So why don't you just start by telling us kind of how you got into the sport your journey through through coaching and up to where you are now, really? Yeah. I started swimming competitively ran about the age of 10 or 11 years of age in city of whole swimming club under Ken Douglas. Who was who's coaching there at the time and I swam there until I was 18. I wasn't by any stretch of the imagination a great swimmer at all. I could just about scraping to a couple of National Finals here and there but nothing more than that and I was always a I was always a hard worker but but a guy that never really achieved what I felt my my input and my work deserved and such as life for a lot of swimmers. I think yeah 18. I moved to Plymouth to to study to be a PE teacher and I swam for a little bit there with poor Plymouth swimming club, but I didn't I didn't like it and I'd had enough I think so I retired that's very Grand term for stopping I think for who I was in terms of swimming and and then I saw a job advert in the swimming times for head coach at Plymouth Leander, which was I would say the second best club out of three in the city at the time and very very small and I needed to earn a bit of money while I was a student. So I applied and I got the job which I was really pleased with and I've said this story a few times it was it was a couple of years later that I found out that I got the job because I was the only applicant which took a bit of the wind out of my sails I had to say but I did during that time I have to say I was I was hoping it, you know, I was taking it on the That was had no coaching experience. I had no qualifications and add was just coaching the way that had been coached which wasn't necessarily the right way either I have to say and so I was 19 years of Aging head coach of a club and that's how my coaching started. Right. So Europe Plymouth for was it 20 27 years in the end? That's right. Say you have a for a really long period of time for a coach to stay in one program by today's standards. How did you manage to keep it fresh for so many years make sure you bring in a better quality each year to the program. I think the key the key thing was we'll look I was ambitious and there was no grand plan of you know, I'm going to be a swimming coach and we're going to create this amazing swimming program and and is and it's going to be my life. It started off very small, but I do think that I've always been someone where if I do something I'm going to do it well and I'm going to do it to the best of my abilities. Yeah. We just gradually crept adding and and building almost almost by accident sometimes, you know, we had a I think it was six hours in a 25 yard pool when I started for the whole club right and every time an hour became available or a little bit of water time. We just we just grabbed it and I persuaded the committee to to invest and take on more and that meant that we could take on more swimmers and and we just built a reputation. Station within the city and start drawing some as from the other clubs. So I'm going to start to naturally come to us from the lens swim programs as the almost as the default go to Club. Yeah, and we did that for quite some time and then graduating became a PE teacher and an amid the decision that I was going to teach in the city. So a lot of my friends from from University were applying all over the country and I only applied for jobs in Plymouth, and I got a job PE teach in which allowed me to continue You coaching because this was unpaid time. It was unpaid for quite a long time. And and then suddenly we were the best team in Devon about three four years later, which you know, when you you've looked at some of the bigger names in Devon at the time like Exeter City and Porter Plymouth, and that was that was a big deal at that point. And then we were one of the best teams in the southwest and then we create a relationship with Plymouth College. Each week made a massive difference to us. I would say that was a that was a big Turning Point. I guess because with having that kind of college integration it brings who brings more athletes in because parents start sending their kids to that college so they can swim or vice versa. How did that work for you in terms of Recruitment and things like that. Well that certainly happened but much later that the first thing that happened with Plymouth College was they had an outdoor unheated 20 meter pool and they wanted to Make it a bit longer in a bit wider and and put a roof on it and heat it but they didn't necessarily have the finance to be able to do that. And it also just so happened that the 25 yard pool. That was our home was under threat of closure. So the stars are aligned for us to work with Plymouth College and and for the club to put some Finance into the pool in terms of running costs. Yeah, and just as that Pool opened the other pool closed and if that hadn't happened Plymouth Leander would have been done. And you would you would never have heard of them. And so that was the first instance and then because we were on the School site a lot of the time I started forming relationships with some of the staff there and started talking to the deputy head in the head about an idea about how we could maybe generate one or two swimming scholarships with this being a fee-paying school just to bolster the numbers a little bit and with a boarding environment, you know, that was that was something that Allowed you to attract swimmers from from outside of the city and we were really really lucky that the first the first sort of scholarship applicants were klaudia Coleman that represented Great Britain at the European youth Olympics eventually Cassandra patent that then went on won a bronze medal in Beijing in the 10K and column Jarvis who we know has been a stalwart of British swimming and well swimming for goodness knows how many years and he still swimming. Yeah. There's those were the guys walk through the door. I mean one was from Dorset and to or from Cornwall so they were relatively close. Yeah, and then some of your reputation builds again and you know the year after you have a few more applying the year after a few more apply and by the by the time of year, you know, you've settled in there for three four years. You've got quite a number of athletes that are from outside the the Locale but you still dealing with and looking after the city's athletes as well. Our base if athlete quality goes through the roof and by the time I left I think we'd coached 35 different nationalities from four different continents through the Plymouth College program. You know, we had kids from Australia from the Middle East we had kids from the Caribbean kids from South America all across Europe coming into Plymouth to swim with us. And and it was those kind of those first steps in creating that with the original Channel Headmaster at the time that allowed that to develop. So with with have an obviously the pool on site the athletes living on site board and that the school does that kind of make it easier for how you can schedule your practices, you know how to train as early in the morning or as late as night you get to kind of come in kind of a Zone when you please into the pool. Eight Sonny made a massive help at least in the in the initial stages of that. You know, we were used to a fall in 25 yard pool. So to suddenly have a five-lane 25-meter pool, you know, we thought that all our birthdays had come at once and but we quickly outgrew it, you know, we were swimming between 5:00 and 8:00 in the morning every morning so that they could get into school and we were all swimming from four o'clock in the afternoon right through till 9:00. We were doing that five days a week and then with water time at the weekend as well, but We certainly we suddenly couldn't fit the athletes into the lens satisfactorily and it was a real a real problem for us in terms of Recruitment and Retention to make sure that we were given athletes a decent service. And so when we finally got the Plymouth Life Center over the line, you know, I've been in meetings I think for around 15 years to try and get this 50 meter pool up and running in Plymouth, and it was stop start stop start during that period Have a 10-lane 50 and the Plymouth College pool and we'd also started using another 25-meter Pool in the city steers. Well, we certainly operating well over a hundred hours a week across across different facilities and the they sell launch their Beacon programs around that time. So we were we were one of the beacon programs in Plymouth and that really helped. Yeah, and so we suddenly had a really fit for purpose for performance program and you No in the latter stages before I moved to Ireland, we will Coach in a group of about athletes five till 7:00 in the morning in the Life Center and another group of athletes 6:00 till 8:00. And then the highest performers like been proud arutam a teeter Anthony James and so on. I was actually coaching them from from 7:00 till 9:00. Okay, so that was four hours of coaching taking place every morning in that pool as well as a junior program swimming in the pool. College pool and some of the let's say the regional standard actual swimming in a different pool as well. Yeah. So the morning what time was was insane and we were able to swim in the Life Center from two o'clock in the afternoon as well, which meant if guys didn't have University lecturers or their little bit of free time at school we could get them in the pool early and give the this before maybe the larger group came in. So a couple of the athletes you just mentioned router and been so you coach router to an Olympic gold medal when she was when she was 15. What age did she come into your program? What's a program like when she was my age group to allow her to go on and reach that kind of level at the age of just 15. So root of first came to look at the Plymouth program when she was 12, and she was there just for a few weeks and then she actually moved full-time. From the age of 13 and she was a you know, she was a pretty established freestyler back in back in Lithuania. She'd swam 59 long course for the hundred free at 1300, you know, which is which is impressive by anybody's standards. Would Hannah still impressive today, but it was it was when I saw the breaststroke kick just the way that she captured the water with a fee. Feet in the inside of a carbs and the rotation around the knees and the distance that she could travel per kick which hadn't been recognized back where she had come from. Yeah, and then I felt that we had, you know, something something quite special there. And so you obviously do a thing. We'll look there's an Olympic champion, but you do think you know, there's there's that something extra and something different particularly. You know, I've always thought that Looks almost a different sport, you know, it's yeah sure. They're not they're not regular swimmers. They there's just something unusual about them and the other three Strokes, you know, they are brothers and sisters and breaststroke is an only child and but in her okay, she could swim freestyle to which was massively useful in terms of a training tool. Yeah. So many breaststrokers aren't able to do that are unable to do it. Well, so because of the age she was at she went into a medley program. I have to say that, you know, I didn't I didn't I wasn't particularly successful with developing a flyer a backstroke, you know, they weren't Pretty to watch having said that I think she still did get a well Junior medal in a 50 back many because we're underwater speed. Yeah, and at one point she had the second fastest 100. I am of all time which for a girl who could only swim Two Strokes was pretty impressive. Yes, not bad as them. No, but you know it was it was always going to be about the breaststroke and I think she came to us on something like a 116 or 117 long cost breaststroke by the time we went into the first summer now, Nationals in Sheffield as she swam. You've got some that something you can really well and although she wasn't British. She was suddenly in a British program with the British coaches. So it was at that stage that we thought well, you know something something could Click the first summer. I would say that the truly did everything that you'd ask her to do in and outside of the pool either the number of athletes that would work diligently in the pool on a daily basis, but couldn't quite grasp the notion of lifestyle and behaviors and decisions outside of the pool having an effect on how they progressed as an athlete. She was willing to put all of those things right around a nutrition. Mm keeping a social life in check and I didn't have to ask it twice to do any any of those things. You just bought into it all wholesale good. That's really nice when you get an athlete that's willing to do the other stuff as well as well as train. It makes it easier to work with sure and also been been proud obviously, you know, everyone knows been proud now he trains out in Turkey of energy standards from so great. Britain every single every single year. When did you realize been proud was going to go on to be to be a sprinter? What age was it at this point? What is it appropriate to start putting Summers on kind of specialized sprinting programs. Well, Ben Ben came to us a little bit later than router. He came to us at 15 16 years of age. Okay, he'd been had been living in Malaysia. Many was tall yellow monster start as he as he always had but it was it was impressive but the but the kid was dying at 25, you know, you couldn't get you couldn't even get a 50 out of him. He was he was so full of twitch and he just spent his whole life doing short Sprints as part of his training program that you know, he couldn't he couldn't even maintain, you know, 23 24 25 seconds for a 50 and so that was our greatest challenge was how we actually got some training out of him and we had to wear to be really slow and careful in building up just his ability to start session and finish a session. Yes. It's might be might be really low in volume. But we had to we had to do, you know, true error bit capacity work with them real low level even even when you know, we were You were approaching Rios Tilly's aerobic capacity was drills and fins and not a great deal of full stroke swimming and it was clear that because of the edge will be got him and The Limited background that he had that if we tried to do much more than developes is hundred down to the 50 and we might just we might just break it. Yeah, so we put him on a really sunny out. Outset, which worked well with you know having the likes of Anthony James in the program at the time and we you know Anthony didn't do the biggest amount of work and bend it even less and then when Tom fan and joined the program Tom did even less so we ended up with this real strong cohort of 50 freestyle as in been. Tom Fannin Aaron rictus Levi Lucas think at one of the one of the British Champs. we got first second fourth and fifth and just missed, you know, having all three Podium spots on the men's 53 and a lot of it was good and sensible gym program low-level aerobic work and quality drills quality of technique is absolutely key around the 50 giving him plenty of recovery after speeds that's allowing him to use fin so that it was made turning good body position and it it was very very slowly slowly catchy monkey. You have gone into going to Rio for quite some time. We were focused on the hundred because he had the fastest hundred in Britain for quite a long period of that cycle and you know, we could see a potential medal in the in the medley relay. But when Duncan Scott decided to get quicker than a hundred free was actually relief for us because we could just back off from the hundred and just focus on the 50 because Duncan what is Mark on that hundred as his own and we knew that Britain weren't particularly interested. In to make an amends for by one so the game so it allowed is in the last sort of 18 months to really focus on the 50 and it just missed out in the middle and got fourth place. I bet they're having all those was 50 freestyle as really went well for you are in the arena league team and yeah, you can relay race. Yeah did I think we had a way to men's 6 by 51 year. I think we're the tridge split across the sea. Six was 20 to 8:00. You're lucky to get one. I don't know if that record still stands. But my goodness you need six. You need six good lads to take that to take that record down. Yeah, sure. So so now you're a you're a swimmer Island your National performance director. What's what's kind of your goals to Tokyo for some Island. It's on the horizon. Certainly, isn't it scrapped scrapped by very very quickly. I think every Olympic cycle, you know catches you out as to as to how quick the games is suddenly on you and this is no different. So with three years in and well when we started here Island Alan didn't really have anybody ranked in the top 30 in the world. We had a few athletes that were running an errand as to whether there were whether they were continuing or if they work. Continuing whether we're going to swim so we took a little bit of time to stabilize. It's took me nine months to get the the head coach, then he extends a place which meant that we only really kicked off the program in in September 17 in terms of you know, a full team of Staff if you like. Yeah, but we've made really really good progress in that time. You know, we Island will net first ever World Championships medal at the world short course in 2018, you know, which is a which is a big step for them. We had a 10th and 11th from two different Labs at the at the World Championships Last Summer. And Island haven't had any relays at the Olympic Games since 1972 and at the moment, we've got two relays in temporary Olympic qualification births in the world top 16 and Our intention and our ambition is to keep them there so that we have at least one real at the Olympic games this year. Wow, you know athletes like Shane Ryan totally capable of making the Olympic final and then once you're in the you know, we know once you're in the final everybody has a chance the likes of dhara green and Brendan Highland, you know have the capabilities of been at least semi-finalists if not finalists, but we got to get them their fur just you know, we have a soul trials. It's happening. It's happening at the beginning of April. Okay, so a bit earlier Good night that week or you know, they're not so we talked about what we could do at the games. But the first thing on my Horizon and within a few weeks time is make sure we got a team. Yeah, and that's what we're working harder and we got some really talented young stars coming through that 2020 might be a little bit early for them. But 2024 looks really really good in knowing Corby the breaststroker and Jack McMillan the 200 freestyle ER they're Very exciting and and and there's others behind them. So yeah, I think Tokyo will be will be good for us. I don't know there's a medalist there but never say never of course, you know, we're trying we're trying to set a stall by swimming lifetime best at the competition that matters and and Island weren't so good at that in the past. Yeah a lot better at that every year. It's a mansion. That we've you know, we've bang the fist on the table every time try and else Benchmark me trials Benchmark me deliver at those meats and there's certainly some progress being made there. Well, that's that's really exciting to hear. I really hope it goes well for you just to finish off off the podcast. I want you to kind of sum up three bits of advice you would give to Two coaches, if you were in a room today pat pat full of coaches who wanted to work at a high level. What would be your three kind of nuggets of information for them for their Philosophy for the way they work to help to help them on that way. Sure. Okay. So off the top of my head, I would said number one skill and technique is everything and without developing an athlete skill and technique you already. Drawing a line under what their natural true potential could be we get caught up in yardage. We get caught up in County now meters we get caught up in who's worked harder than who but ultimately those are but they'll be a point where all athletes are working as hard for as long and as often and doing this, you know, a similar gym program and eating similar foods and all of those kind of things and the one thing that will Define who is a top a athlete At Worlds aren't Olympics or who stands on a Podium. It's technique. And so and it's it's never too early to start that and it is always too late to start it. Yeah start. It has to start yesterday and age group. Coaches are absolutely key in this that if educate coaches are just possessed by who can be the ten or eleven year old County Champion. Bye. What can happen the long-term the athlete is is already under the Cosh and that's not good. So skill and technique absolutely key. That's number one. Number two for Cochise. I would say patients, you know, 27 years in the same swimming program with an awful lot of Baron years. Sometimes feeling like I was in the wilderness a bit and looking jealously. I put some of the big programs may be in the north of England, you know looking at Lee. He's looking South At Portsmouth and thinking you know, I wish I was coaching a program like that. And so I had a couple of choices one was moved to a program like that or the second one was build a program to be like that and I think that a lot of young coaches these days we'll be way too quickly. And I think you've got to do some hard yards. I think you've got to learn you got to fall down and pick yourself up and dust yourself off to learn about how you can do better. For the next crop of athletes that walk through the door and the next crop and for patience is key for me. And the third thing I think the third thing is just because you have an ambition to be the best coach that you can possibly be doesn't mean that your geography or your town or your swimming pool have the same ambition. Yeah, there's no there's no God given right for you to have a performance program where you live that's comfortable. He lives in the street, you know just down the road and your grandparents live in another Street just down the road. And this is where your family have always lived just because you have that ambition for your town or your pool or your program doesn't necessarily mean that they have and doesn't necessarily mean you're going to get those resources. So if you can't build it rather than being frustrated, then you got to you got to pick yourself up and and find somewhere that will ya and once you've found the place, that's when your patient that's when you build it slowly but steadily and there was a lot of times in Plymouth that I was frustrated because I had a parochial committee that didn't have the same views or Ambitions as me. So hey, let's get the committee changed. Let's find some people I've got ambition as Well, this pool wasn't going to help us out to let's find a different pool. Let's get some connections with a school. Let's build connections with the University's let's find ways that the program just natural evolves. So you get the people of the city and the people of the area bought into something that that's exciting but you need to be in the right place to start with and I would say that's something that coaches need to reflect on to if you've been thwarted, you know, every turn and every corner, maybe it's time. Time to start flicking through the adverts and looking where you might be able to achieve your ambitions. Well some some great great pizza great pieces of advice and I'm sure plenty of coaches. Listen to the podcast will really take away some some good points from that. John thank you for coming on the podcast today. I really appreciate your time, and I hope hope trials goes well for Ireland at the start of April, and if you have a really really successful Tokyo. Thank you very much John all the best Jimmy. Thank you. Okay, so it is really good to hear hear from John in that interview. It's great just to hear his stories about the processes behind Reuters success behind been proud how late you came into the program and how they how they battled to to change it from a sum of the died at 25 to have some of it and had a had a world-class 50. So they're all really interesting interesting discussions that discussion points that John brought up there. Also, really really interesting to hear his kind of thoughts around being patient as a coach and and taking your time to build a program and build your career rather than trying to walk into a ready-made program if you liked the episode if you liked what you heard and you think you want other coaches to hear those messages and please like subscribe retweet spread the podcast amongst your coach and friends are over 200 followers now on Twitter, which is really really good. To see I want to see if we can grow that even further so follow us on Twitter. It's at the poolside pass. Make sure you check out our website www.moocchile.com as well as our Facebook page and our Instagram. It's all the poolside pass. So thank you so much for listening until next time keep coaching.