Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them chips and guacamole wonderful on the scale of like healthy snack. Oh to unhealthy snack. Where does this fall because chips obviously not healthy guacamole. Maybe okay guacamole is a real it depends on the situation because like if you are getting guacamole from like that little vacuum sealed container, right? I feel like there's got to be something in there making it not not good for you salt if nothing else right? Well, I'd be better if you're making your own like fresh guac your putting salt in that to Salt if nothing else if nothing else putting salt in there. Geez, we're so like if I'm putting out a if I'm putting out chips and guac am I thinking This is us having a healthy snack. Kinda I kind of do no, but then I was thinking about and it's like you're basically just taking chips. Yes, and then at best. Yeah adding something that's like salty. All right, exactly. So maybe you're actually compound I think of it is like I'm making a healthier choice it actually maybe you're just compounding bad choices. I mean if you were just having like sliced avocado with like some salt. That's a pretty good snack. That's okay. That's a pretty hot. That's okay. Yeah, I mean, I think you just got to like watch it with the chips. Aha, like don't use it as an excuse to eat a bunch of chips, right? If you find yourself just eating a chip by itself or like oh this one's only half a chip. So I can't dip it in the avocado. Then I think you're in trouble. I'm asking because I had chips and guacamole as part of my dinner. Oh, that's fine. Okay part of you. That's fine. Like part of a balanced breakfast type thing. Yeah, totally you're like a tall glass of orange juice and half a grapefruit. Then you're fine. Here's another thing that you can do to be fine. You can borrow my copy of Sonic forces for the Nintendo switch. It's as easy as writing into us at Nintendo cartridge Society at gmail.com and giving us a mailing address where we can send that thing and you can play it for as long as you want or not. Play it for as long as you want and then send it on back. It doesn't cost you anything. Yeah, it's the perfect program perfect program also. Thank you to everyone who has left stuffs reviews anywhere. Yes, let specifically those in the Apple podcast. Yes u.s. Store last week. We got a bunch of reviews. So thank you to everybody. I we mentioned full Fox 88 on Thursday show, but we normally shout people out on Tuesdays want to make sure that we're getting a double shout out shout out Scooby saves Nintendo collector 1989 mates ammo and Jay 88 Fitness. Thank you guys so much. Much for leaving us reviews. It really means a lot. Yeah, thank you, wherever you get the show for leaving a review and if you have not yet left as a review, we would invite you to please do so because it makes us feel good. You want to make us feel good, don't you so weird. Am I getting weird? No because you're right here is one last thing. What's that another piece of housekeeping for something new that's going to happen. We are doing some retro games in April. That's Last year in March, we had an entire retro month. April is 2020s retro month. Yes, April 20 20 is 20 20 s March 2019. Absolutely, which is as catchy of a tagline is we could give us and every episode we are doing the classics of the Super NES now I know we've talked about Super Mario World on this show maybe too many times because we both go through periods of like playing. Hmm But on April 2nd, we are going to be talking about A Link to the Past Legend of Zelda A Link to the Past on the 9th. We're going to be talking about Super Metroid on the 16th. We're going to be talking about Super Mario World 2 Yoshi's Island and on the 24th. We're going to be talking about Star Fox out. All of these games are available on the Super NES Which online and on the Super NES classic and I believe they're all also available on various virtual consoles. So, I'm bored and play along with us. If you want to write in to us with any questions or observations about any of those games, you know, we're going to be shouting them out at the top of every episode for a little while now, but it goes Zelda Super Metroid Yoshi's Island and then Starfox you can email us at Nintendo cartridge Society at gmail.com anything else to add about that Mark? No, I think is gonna be super fun. I love doing it last year. Yeah, and also most of these games are like the best games of all time. So I'm very much looking forward to it Mark. We got an email from from a listener from Brian and the title of the email is underrated Wii games and it says love the non Mario Wii game recommendations you guys made in the last episode. Boom. Blox is incredibly fun. And Rhythm have very Rhythm Heaven Fever forever. Well, I would have well, I would love to lists dozens more. I will restrain myself and just suggest a couple of titles that get overlooked. Frequently. Are you ready for these? Yeah Bust A Move bash whether you're a huge fan of the series or not. This is the best entry. Also, the multiplayer is excellent. I've never played bust-a-move bash of you know, he a playground I may feel it may be targeted at younger players, but this minigame collection can be a lot of fun and had tetherball a paper airplane simulator and nerve style re on rail shooter to name a few another game that I'm not not familiar with lost in Shadow. Is a platform where that takes place between two Realms reality in the shadows that their world casts very creative and a bit of a thinker at times lot of good suggestions here Yang's I've never played Mercury meltdown Revolution think Marvel Madness with intuitive controls and puzzle solving which sounds right up my alley. I love Marvel Marble Madness Sonic Colors. He says not to disparage the borrowing program. Of which I am patiently a member of but colors was the last contemporary Sonic game. I enjoyed until Maniac came around. Thanks for all you do Brian PS question for Mark. How did you not recommend a boy and his blob by wayforward? Oh with the hug button. Yeah. It's a great Point. Aye aye. My brain is breaking. Here's a don't know how I'll feel I'll field this one. It's because I sprung I sprung the question. Ahahaha. It's true. I didn't have time to prepare. That's right. Right, but these are all great recommendations. So check those out. We also got an email from Matt who wanted to get on the borrowing program. So he requested that and again, all you have to do is email us in a Nintendo cartridge Society at gmail.com. But he has a little note here you guys were talking about new games added to the NES Which online and mentioned that you didn't know much about Eliminator boat duel. In fact, I believe we made fun of it for a little bit. It's a one-on-one boat racing. Game two losses at any point in the game and you're eliminated. It also has a typo on the end label. I'm really nostalgic for the game. It has cool artwork great music and fun gameplay. I finally beat the game for the first time on the original hardware and I thought I'd share the end screen with you guys. Please keep up what you're doing and the so he did share the end screen. I don't see where there's a typo in it and that I don't see where there's any text on it. It's just like a man and a woman sitting on a On a sailboat and like the Sun is setting we didn't he say did he say that the typos was on? Oh, no heart or in I guess box. I guess he said the the end the label so I don't I'd not not entirely clear what that is. But any events a good-looking couple, it's my boat. It is a good-looking couple on that boat. You can tell they do well for themselves. Yes. Looks like they enjoyed a day of extreme boat racing. All right. Thank you so much. Both of you for emailing us Mark. Let's get into what we've been playing this week. So I've been a little bit pressed for time this week. I spent the weekend in Chicago, which means I had to Long plane rides in front of me and the best thing for long prayer plane rides I have decided is the Nintendo 3DS nothing travels as well as the Nintendo 3DS. It folds up. It goes into a tiny little pocket in your backpack or in your pants and you don't have to worry about it at all when I travel with my switch. I still worry. About it, even though I have like a case, but like it just takes up so much space in my bag. I'm very happy that I didn't bring it with me to Chicago. So I played two games. One Warrior were gold. A perfect WarioWare game and feels like the perfect playing game as well because I find that I have trouble concentrating on like Bowl media experiences. Yes on planes. Whereas like something that's just really kind of like frantic and I can pick it up do a couple put it down is Right perfect something that is like freshly demanding of my attention every 4 seconds. So that is that and the sort of on the opposite end of the spectrum the other game I was playing was pick cross 3D to which you know, Just a long time of you staring at a screen and then eventually being like this one. And so I was just having a blast doing that and it's amazing how like I went through my period of like really being obsessed with with picross games and I thought oh man, I'm going to dive back into it now and I'm either going to not remember how to do this or I'm going to have solved all the puzzles already and neither were true. I had a ton of puzzles left to do and I felt just as sharp and like clever at it as I did when I was doing it before so I don't know if it if there's only one hurdle in learning how to do picross and it comes right at the beginning and that's it. Once you clear the hurdle. It's like riding the bike or what or maybe I'm just like a savant do they to is there like a tutorial at the beginning of yeah, every piggy across game there is to like show you how to do it. Yeah to the point where I think when I was starting my like third pick cross game and We're starting with all the tutorials. I was like, alright. Alright, let's go with let's get on with this. But it it's you know, they they all all the picaresque games have like some little tweak on the formula to you know, kind of keep them fresh. And so having that sort of re tutorial session is also good to figure out how the new mechanics like feed into that but and it seems like a picross Like kind of works best with a touchscreen right? Because there's probably switch versions but it just seems that I guess you would you would still like you ain't still doing I can't help mode. Yeah. Yeah, and that's it's I really like how it is a touchscreen game that does require you to use some buttons like the you know, when you're just like marking a block is like you're not ready to remove it yet, but you just want to like Market, like in picross 3D as either this has to be an orange block or this has to be a Blue Block when you're not actually tagging it yet. You kind of like triggered changing the pencil with the d-pad or the L button. So like you just doing that and then using the stylus for the rest of it. It's hot. It's very handy and very nice to play on a nice light 3DS. I don't know that it would be as easy on a a switch but I mean whatever picross has progressed baby. Okay. Well, those are the games that we've been playing this week. Let's get into the new releases in what we might be playing next week. Thursday March 5th Murder By Numbers or I wasn't even the wasn't even the thing that I was planning of like, let's get back into picross high above murdered before Mick more pick cross Murder By Numbers is of course the murder mystery game that takes place in Old Hollywood where the method by which you find and spine Clues and solve puzzles is by playing pick cross mark. Could we be More excited for this game. I don't think so. I mean the art is by an artist who worked on the Phoenix Wright series as is the music. So yes, I'm very excited for this is right up our alley. Yes, and then on Friday March 6th Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Rescue Team DX is released for switch less excited about that one. We boat we checked out the demo a couple weeks ago. And yeah, there's no reason for me to go back into that. Yeah. I completely agree. All right, cool. All right. Let's close out the new releases here. Now it's time for a regular segment on the show. It's time for 433 in 1952 American composer. John Cage wrote a piece called 433 were in a performer or group of performers didn't play their instruments or four minutes and 33 seconds for the purposes of this show. Our instruments are talking about Nintendo. So for the duration of one performance for 33 Mark and I will talk about something not at all. Nintendo related thus fulfilling the contract of the Peace Mark today. We had such a nice time talking about musicals last week. We have decided that we are going to rank the songs in. Musical and the musical that we have landed on here because we did not really have time to prepare is The Lion King now are we doing The Lion King the stage show not really. No. In fact No, in fact, not at all, right. We are going to be ranking the songs from the from the movie. Aha the lying. Yes, the animated film what a amazing other thing that we have to specify and not the not the live action right with heavy air quotes right animated film from Um last year, yes, but the original from 1994. So Mark, why don't you tell us what those songs are reversed so circle of life. I just can't wait to be king be prepared Hakuna Matata and Can You Feel the Love Tonight now, I will also put forward that we should perhaps consider the track to die for which is the musical cue that plays when the hyenas start with Be still be Stampede that ultimately killed Mufasa. Okay, because it is a Kickin piece of pizza. It is very good and is very exciting and has like these big Coral parts and ends with you know, the saddest music that Disney has ever put to film. Hi. Sure. Yeah, we can totally throw that in there. Alright, wonderful. Second thing that we have to consider is are we taking the Elton John versions of the circle of life. Can't wait to be king. King and Can You Feel the Love Tonight into consideration? Oh, I don't know that I've ever heard in the Elton John version of I just can't wait to be king. So it is it is worth it is worth putting on if I can no actually it's not they say it's too complicated to get it and also have the 433 playing hi. It has a like kind of a like rockabilly sensibility to it interesting. I mean, I think either way it's on the bottom of the list. For me, I think so, too. I just weird because it's a great karaoke song. If you can find it. If you can find a good version of it Oh, I thought you were going to say if you can find a good zazou. You could do both parts. Yeah, sure. I'll also for me personally. I couldn't Matata not as low as I just can't wait to be king but not super high up there. Yeah, it does feel like a bottom tier song. The thing is I don't know that I like it so much less than Can You Feel the Love Tonight Can You Feel the Love Tonight? I feel like as it appears in the movie is confusing and like I don't how it functions dramatically. I'm like, they just like Reed. Like it doesn't make sense that they're falling in love, right? But also it's the first time at the movies like yeah, I don't know they have like inner monologues that are singing and like neither of them sound or look like the characters and just like what is happening in this. Yeah, definitely serves a narrative purpose. Yes, pretty much but it does have the I can see what's happening. Is that a that's a that's a point in his favor? Okay. I will pause it to be prepared is maybe my favorite musical number. We're from The Lion King. I think it's the last of the great Disney villain songs. Maybe just the last Disney villain song. I don't know. I guess there were some in like Pocahontas and the one in Hunchback is really good but super dark. Yeah, the last like fun one is fun as hyena. Nazis could be is be prepared. Yeah, and I mean, I guess there's yeah because Disney has kind of shied away from their being villains, right? In their movies, so that makes sense that we haven't really seen one since I would put I would argue that circle of life is the best a better song Just because I mean I challenge you to watch the opening sequence of and I understand this is combining the the visuals with so it's maybe not just the song but like the whole number as it appears in the movie, but I challenge you to watch the opening of The Lion King and not feel something. Oh I completely agree when the screen cuts to Black Back on high when it says The Lion King. Yeah. The opening is I've got these folks right now. Yeah. I have a memory that that was like a trailer in theaters was just like they just shot like that opening sequence. I mean, it's basically perfect. Oh great. I guess we'll never know how this ends. This is maybe the most unrewarding 433 we've ever done. I think like it is we might we had we can do it pretty quick like a great. I think Circle of Life number one be prepared number to die for Yes to die for and then Can You Feel the Love Tonight Hakuna Matata and then I just can't wait to be king. Perfect. Right? We work a company today by the dough Pia big band. Alright, Mark. Let's get into the news. GDC the game developers conference has been postponed due to Growing concerns around the conference's of from the conference's organizers around coronavirus. This comes after a week of companies like Sony Microsoft and Facebook pulling out of the convention GDC usually lasts for a week in March and is held in San Francisco. It's unclear when the event is being postponed to for their press release gtcys organizers. Alluded to or would like to see it happen in summer. But obviously they're not making any like firm commitments. Yeah. So this is a this is a little bit in the vein of what we were talking about a couple weeks ago of like that. We have yet to really see the sustained effects of coronavirus on the on the games industry and the game developers conference conference in particular is like a weird little all like, you know Weathervane that's like kind of pointing in the direction of maybe this is going to be a bigger deal than yeah than we were expecting like this past weekend. PAX East was held in Boston. Yep, and there were companies that had dropped out of like having a presence there, but the conference still went on but I just wonder like as more weeks pass and we see just like how the virus continues to spread or if it continues to spread. Yeah like Like what more effect we will see. Yeah. I mean I was at c2e2 this weekend in Chicago and you know, it was a packed show floor DC and Marvel like the biggest the biggest brands were there but you know, no one's really traveling internationally for that show and I think I think we're there is a lot of travel involved that we are going to be more likely to see shows either the 10 Winds will be low from companies pulling out or that they'll just be canceled altogether until there's like we've got a real handle on on this thing. Yeah, well Isaac head and turning towards III to see what the esa is going to do. They put out a statement kind of like, how do you say this word a suede assuaging participants fears assuring them that they are currently moving forward. There's no plans to cancel the show this June. At this point right? But I mean it should be noted that GDC was only canceled last Friday and it's in like a week and a half. So like, you know, it's these are the kind of decisions that no one wants to make until you have to and I don't think that III is at a place yet where they have to totally although it's weird because like I know that in in gtcys absence that there are still a lot of like events and meetups and like so many conferences going on in San Francisco. Anyway, like if III were to be canceled would EA still have their thing right and like when Microsoft yeah, I would do their thing at LA Live. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's it's weird that you can like cancel one thing and it's like well people are still coming or like they still have their schedules cleared, right so of travel booked and like there's still an appetite for whatever thing you've just canceled so I don't know why I wonder how much it actually helps to cancel these things. Yeah, I don't know. I mean if nothing else yeah, you are at least like as organizers not like responsible. Do you what I mean short? Yeah like yeah. I mean not that I think that's the reason they did it but that certainly is like, yeah, like people are confused to do whatever they want are free to do whatever they want. But we're not continuing to like Host this thing that right. We're not entitled to the ramifications. We're not inviting. Them to our specific petri dish right to mingle and yeah spread the disease around. Yeah Platinum Games news corner, but by talking we go live desk. The second of the planning for was well, let me II of the Platinum for was revealed last week a game called project Gigi will act as the conclusion to Hideki kamiya has superhero Trilogy the started with viewtiful Joe and was continued with wonderful one. Yeah, so just a little bit of context the Platinum for is of course Platinum put up a website that had like the numbers one through four listed on it. And the first the first number was the re-release of Wonderful 101. Yeah the kickstarter and then the second one. Is this brand new game. And then so I didn't even realize that there was a Trilogy type thing going on. But apparently Beautiful Joe was about a solo hero Wonderful 101 was a game about a group of small heroes and project GG will be about a giant-sized hero like Ultraman. So you'll be fighting Kaiju and stomping around in cities and stuff. I mean as someone who's not played either of the first entries in this Trilogy, I mean, I'm always happy to see like more weird Platinum stuff coming around but yeah, I don't really have much in the way of expectations for this when IGN asked about a release date kamiya responded, but if this way we're not looking at something as long as three years nor will it be as soon as half a year or a year, but as our first cell phone self-published game we want to deliver it as soon as we can. Hey, I don't have any desire to release games quickly. My only desire is to release games that are Good, which I love that he's like, we're not looking at something like three years, but it won't be a year or a year and a half. Right? So like it'll be about two years kind of what'd he say, but at the one of the things that he mentions there is that this is there the first cell phone self-published game. That is true. That project Gigi is the first game wholly owned and published by Platinum Games previously. It's all been Partnerships with Nintendo with Sega with whom For to actually make and put out these games, but this one is all there is are you worried that Bayonetta 3 is in some kind of trouble because we haven't really heard anything about it the announcement. Do you guys gave me? Yes, they I feel like Platinum gets asked about this anytime anybody talks to anybody from Platinum. Yeah. Look good Bayonetta and like I mean baina 3 has a little bit of the Metroid Prime for thing going on where it's like a game that we We know first of all, it's like a hardcore game right that it that's coming to the switch and that we know is coming some day but we don't have any information about it. Yeah, like other than the announcement, right? We know absolutely nothing. Yeah. Well Komatsu or Jim Matsu at PAX East ask kamiya, and he responded quote. There's nothing to worry about at all. There's nothing to worry about things are going very, well. Really there's nothing to worry about and quote. So, what do you think we should start worrying? About it. I think I think we should start worrying about it. That's the perfect response. I love this quote. There's nothing to where there's nothing to worry about at all. There's nothing to worry about things are going very, well. Really. There's nothing to worry about repeating myself repeating myself. My job is repeating myself doesn't mean television the third announcement in the Platinum Fork is not a game but a game Studio Platinum Tokyo, which is a partnership with the Chinese like Mega Corporation 10 cent. Which is interesting and sets a precedent, I guess even that number one wasn't a new game but a re-release of an old game. It's interesting that like each one of these things so far has been so different right? That one is like here where porting a game here. We're making a brand new thing and like owning a completely and then announcement number three is we've got new studio. So like announcement number four could be anything. Maybe they're making candy bars. I do wonder if tense Right cuz like they've talked about how the Platinum for and the new business model for platinum is owning their IPs and self-publishing. Does this mean the 10-cent isn't going to be like publishing these games that they're just providing like funding is just like an investment. That's my understanding is that scientists May down into Platinum, but I we look for as as wise as we appear to be we do not know everything about Japanese and Chinese business and certainly not how they work together. Heather so there's probably a lot here we do not understand. We've also learned that the wonderful 101 Launches on May 19th in North America and May 22nd in Europe. So really soon it's still amazing to me how quick that is after the kickstarter. Obviously, they knew they was gonna happen anyway, but it's just cool to see that come to fruition. So quick last week Shovel Knight developer yacht games Yacht Club Club games to their own version of a Nintendo Direct. They've done before but which is good because we are all desperate for a Nintendo Direct. Yeah, we are. Yeah, we are thirsty. We are in the desert. It feels overdue. Uh-huh. And also like I just I just want to underline how much it is like a Nintendo Direct like they borrow the sort of like diagonal why some high bright colors and even it being hosted by one of the like guys from the studio. You where he's addressing the camera directly and is like seems good right the like asking the the sort of questions directly of the audience high that the Nintendo Direct see you it is perfect. It is a perfect parody of a Nintendo Direct. Hey, if you're going to steal still got the best exactly and honestly, it's so charming and so pleasing to watch so it's like a 12 minute video and I would totally recommend if you have any interest in Shovel Knight or Yacht Club games in watching this video. So first things first Cyber-shot, Cyber Shadow. This is a game that Yacht Club games is publishing and was teased a couple months ago. It's a 16-bit ninja action platformer. That looks like it's taking cues from Mega Man X and Ninja Gaiden. Yeah, there's gonna be a mimosa Port which is actually really cool all for Shovel Knight series amiibo unlock unique robot helpers and matching color palettes for your ninjas. I love that Shovel Knight has made enough of a brand for themselves that they're like, you're going to use your Shovel Knight series. Amiibo for this it's not like you can't use your Peach amiibo. You can't use your Splatoon. Amiibo. I don't know why I said Peach like it was a series but you can't use your Mario. Amiibo your smash me Bo you have to use Shovel Knight. Is this the first example of like a third party using amiibo in this way like his Capcom done it for any of the Mega Man. Yeah actions or anything. Yeah, the Mega Man Legacy collections. I mean, there's there's a gold one. That was a gold Megaman amiibo that was bundled with the first Man Legacy Collection and it did unlock something cool for life of me. I can't remember why I liked seeing this. I think that's really fun. Yeah, me too and cyber Shadow will be released in Fall 2020. I just want to point out that it is inconsistent in any time that they show the title screen of the game cyber Shadow is hyphenated. But when they show like the box art graphic for it cyber Shadow is Is two words so we got ourselves a real Spider-Man Spider-Man situation here where we don't know exactly how it's spelled. I'm gonna go - I don't - desperately need to know the nomenclature. I mean it look look it all in capital letters. Well, that's a great question. Here's the thing. I have decided that I am all about this game. It looks so good and so Snappy and so fast, you need to know how to like properly address it. I need to look I committed to memory Dragon Quest 11 s Echoes of an elusive fish Definitive Edition for the Nintendo. It's because I respect the game. I just need to know how I'm going to I'm going to address lighting feel T. IG. Yeah, that's right to cyber Shadow. There was a little retrospective on shovel Knights development and release stretching back to 2013 when the game was first kick started to 300 times their target goal three hundred times so crazy. That was 2013. Yeah, and that basically I mean obviously they've been selling copies of the game, but that that it is enough like seed money enough Runway to like get them going. Yeah all the way through and where is six years later now to celebrate the final release of the complete Treasure Trove Shovel Knight stickers are now available for chat apps for 99 cents. So you had better believe that I bought those cuz I've got a dollar and I want to send a little stickers of Shovel Knight. I sent one to my buddy Pete that is just Shovel Knight and it says greetings under it. Worth of Aqua or sure also version 4.1.10 is coming with some display options rebalances to Showdown and a new Mode called character Gauntlet for targets mode, which they said that it can only be accessed by first you have to unlock all the characters and they showed the full like character screen and I realize we have a lot of character. Really. Oh, yeah, cool, but once you unlock all the characters that you have to like enter a cheat code in order to access this And they showed the cheat code in the video, which is hilarious. I'm sure that'll be in Shovel Knight Showdown Wiki's and stuff. But if you have unlocked all those characters look that up because they'll be a fun like way to its you go through the target mode and every time you complete a challenge you like kicks you into the next character like well, the game is happening. Oh cool. So you're like cycling through them and like presented with each of the characters individual Target challenges one after another also. Justice is also available as part of King Of Cards. Yeah. So Justice is the card game within king of cards that I was like this is something I will never get into and thankfully the game is like that's fine. You don't have to but if you enjoyed houses and you always wanted to play it against someone you now have the ability to do that within king of cards. We also got an an update on Shovel Knight dig, which is the first game in the Shovel Knight bruh that's being developed by a An out company, that's not Yacht Club be Club games and it should be noted is not part of the like Shovel Knight Treasure Trove, right? It's it's own thing it got we got a look at Hive night, which is some kind of bug he's cute. I don't know if you saw this design is really cute looking it looks like a little bug guy and then we also learned that Shovel Knight dig will be coming out next year, which is long release or like development cycle. Mmm, and then two additional games are in development. They mentioned new IPS and the Year of the Rat. Yeah, they say you're threatening my just be joke. Yeah, so this is they I like I was trying to figure out if they're like, we've got two new games coming that we're starting to develop here in the year of the Rat and it's like what are they just like so right but like why is it why are they being so specific? Yeah. Why are they saying Pioneer zodiac? Yeah, right or is it just part of the whole like playing into the Nintendo Direct like awkwardness of like here. We're just giving you more information. That's irrelevant. Anything that's going on and you know, they show like blurred out computer screens and like blurred out notebook. All right, like, you know, they're obviously working out some cool. But yeah, it's a it's intriguing to me. I mean, of course the the studio is doing well. So they've got a lot of projects in development. I cannot wait to see what they put out after the Shovel Knight stuff and then they also but they're not quite done with shovel know yet. They revealed Shovel Knight pocket dungeon a falling-block puzzle game. Cross with an overhead Dungeon Crawler that has no release date yet. Yes. Oh, this is a mix of things one that I love and one that I have not been able to get into I love falling-block puzzle games. I don't really like overhead like Dungeon Crawlers, but I do love Shovel Knight. So I don't know are they developing this one internally, I believe so. Yeah, so interesting, although maybe not. I'm not entirely sure the video wasn't super clear, but it seems cool. And there are like, you know multiplayer, like head-to-head battles and it like you would expect in, you know, any kind of like Tetris game but it's neat that you're controlling Shovel Knight like on this kind of overhead map. Well things are falling from the top of the screen or like the north side of the screen feels very Wario's Woods e to me because the way you interact with that game is by controlling towed as blocks are falling on him, but there's Also an element of necrodancer to it too because every time you move the blocks fall down one, so like it's a very if you need to like wait a second and just like watch, you know stuff isn't going to fall until you move again. It seems cool to get the game looks really neat. Multiplayer is coming to Mario Kart tour the mobile game on March 8 your favorite Mario Kart game. That's right. Previously the game had you racing exclusively against bots seems like it took like usernames and have them like over the heads. Yeah. It was really weird right of the computer players. Yeah, but yeah, they were like kind of like faking competition against other players, but it seems like you will finally be able to for real did did anyone ever Determine what was actually going on there were because like when you were racing against other players in Super Mario run, right weren't those weren't those ghosts like based on that players like performance in a previous track. I mean we've completely I think I think that part is true. I don't I never looked into what was going on with Mario Kart or yeah, I assumption was always that they were just like taking people's usernames and that was pretty much it so you could just imagine Legend you were racing against someone right exactly so starting next week you'll be able to play with quote friends or other Racers nearby. They did a beta test for this in December but it was a gold pass subscriber exclusive but starting next week, it'll be available to everybody. Have you been keeping up with Mario Kart or at oven I my focus has shifted back to Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. That's right. Is this enough to draw you back? I'd be interested to try it out. Sure. I feel like you could be fun. I think I'll probably get destroyed because I'm assuming I haven't like I haven't played for a while now and I'm assuming people who are like still playing a really into it have gotten a lot of like upgrades to their carts and their Racers and get those bonus point and I'm like billed as Point multipliers and I'm just not going to have any of that. Yeah, but since it is a Mario Kart game high know that the like ceiling for competition like yeah, there is like there's a really high ceilings. He was also a super low for right then. It's also it's a mobile game on top of it. So the floor is even lower. Yeah, you'll do fine. Well, I appreciate your confidence. Thank you. Bubble Bobble for friends. Got a North American release date. It's coming up switch on March 31st. I remain excited about this game. And I know we were just talking about bust-a-move earlier and that I never didn't play that one. It's a another game in the series. I will not make that mistake this time. I'm going to play Bubble Bobble for friends and I may do it all by myself, or I may gather three friends. Who knows I will find out if the end of the day. Yeah. Google has been holding a vote for the 2020 Pokemon of the Year why they were doing this. I have no idea. Google is doing this. Yes Google I guess for the past few weeks have been holding a vote. So here's the top 10. Okay, your 2020 Pokemon of the Year, Greninja what? The list only gets weirder. Hold on though. Hold on though. Does this sort of validate our choice of best Pokemon starter of Froakie a hundred percent it does. Yes, I do. Okay, so which which caused are we so influential in Pokemon circles that all Pokemon fans a high heard us say that the Froakie is the best starter and therefore voted its Evolution the Greninja As the best Pokemon of all time or are we so just tapped into you right culture that we just like kind of you hated the way you said that or is it that we are all slaves is Super Smash Brothers and we're not expressing Pokemon opinions here. We're expressing Smash Brothers opinions. Yeah, I truly believe that any of these are equally viable. So that's number one. That's number one. What has the Restless Okay, Lucario, Maybe who was number three Charizard was number four Umbreon number five Sylveon Garchomp Rayquaza Gardevoir and Gengar. Okay, but come on some of these I'm gonna be honest. I had no idea there was such a big following don't know what they look like. No, like who's a big Garchomp fan? Okay, but what does this actually mean? Is it does it is it is it possible that Could choose time top 10. Is that possible? I think it's I think it's possible and I think it's possible. This is what Google is telling us that Pikachu is not in the top 10 which makes me think that there must have been some like Russian bot interference, right and that Google though his story. It's that's right. Exactly or that Pikachu just didn't pay enough in AdWords to get ranked, right, you know, and it looks like a number 11 here is Pete booted. Yeah. Do you remember that an arm's graphic novel series was announced by Dark Horse back in 2017 with a fall 2018 release date. I recall that we talked about it on this show. Yes. Well in May 2018, it was announced that the release was going to be of the first issue or book whatever it is was going to be pushed back to January 2019, but then that passed and there has been Nary an update since then. So according to Nintendo World Report a dark horse. At Toy Fair New York this past week stated that the series is still in the works, but there is no projected release date as of yet. Okay, as someone who just had their first like big comic book published. It did surprise me how long it takes from having the idea to actually getting the thing printed and it being out in the world, but like and I could also see how dealing with Nintendo shorted. Be fraught absolutely but like two and a half years after four arms four, which I know it has its fans, but I don't know those characters are necessarily like perennials twin tell. Is that her name? Yes. I was trying really hard. Okay, let's hear it. Let's do this without looking how many arms characters. Can you name? I think okay twin tell ribbon girl. Yep spring man. What's the mummy? Name, I don't remember that there's also like the cop and it's niche dog. Yeah, the cops the cops in this Niche dog. They say their names are like Bowser and Chomp Chomp. That's not right. Let's see. This is hard. Yeah, there's like the one that looks like the green one. The green thing that you would see like the waving arms are yes and going on there's the ninja guy behind they might just look like clown in jar or something. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, there was a clown who's like a DLC character. I mean, I think we mostly I think we did I think we nailed it and then Chun-Li Ryu and block the creator of the Konami Code Kazuki Sue Hashimoto passed away last week. His age was reported as 61 in some outlets and 79 in others. So it's a little unclear. Exactly. We just don't we don't really have a lot of details like Konami tweeted out something like like like memorializing him and but we would like there hasn't been any details, you know, like it nothing like really specific. Yeah the West anyways, so it's so we assume that our Russian Bots got to it's unclear like exactly like, I don't know what there's actually been a date when he died or anything like that. But so the Konami Code is the famous up up down down left right left right b a and then the start button and Would be used to like unlock cheats or make the game easier. Yeah, like level skips extra lives that kind of thing. And so the where it came from is Hash Hash Emoto was in charge of porting gradius from the arcade to the NES and he said that he had difficulty playing the game. So he put the code in because he was the one using it he made it easy to remember that's amazing. Also, I feel that it would just mention the cheat code in the Shovel Knight Showdown to access the new mode. And I think all games should have like the cheat coat some kind of cheat code to give you a level select or extra lives or whatever. It definitely feels like it's fallen out of favor recently, but I completely agree. It's there. It's fun to know a secret code, especially one that like because the Konami Code obviously appeared in gradius, but it also appeared in like every Konami game after. Oh, yeah, it totally took on a life of its own and like even video games not published by Konami, like people would pay homage to it by including it. As a code in like their game. Yeah, so it is said that Hashimoto has passed. It's weird that we don't have more clarity about how old he was. But you know, there we go. Finally today is the third anniversary of the Nintendo switch was released, March 3rd, 2017. Which means it's also three years of breath of the wild and snipper clips and one pretty clothes and pretty close to three years for snake pass. Yeah, pretty close man. So Mark and I got our switches both at the Best Buy we were standing in line. I was somewhere else before like you would got into the Best Buy like maybe an hour or two before I did and you were Holding our place in line. Good gone to see a movie. I think yeah now it's impossible to know which one really left a mark. Yeah. That's right. It was obviously not as meaningful to me as picking up the the switch that night and it was I mean, everyone was just so excited and it's one of those things where it's like when you go to when you go to the comic book store on Wednesday and you realize that there are people who go and just get all the Marvel stuff and all the the DC stuff that came out that week and they just have like a pull box full of you. Like well, you're spending like $400 of week on comic books and like yeah, I don't know. This is just my life that like people who were in line for this thing. We're getting everything. They were like, I've got the switch. I've got all the games. I've got all the Zelda amiibo. I've got an extra pair of Joy cons and a Pro Controller maybe to the people are just like yeah. I don't know. I just have to get it all I also really like stuff like that now because I feel like with you know, like Pre-orders and online delivery. Yeah and just like game stores kind of going out of business in general that it's really difficult. Like it's outside of fan conventions. Totally like this sort of like gathering with like-minded like Nintendo fans who were all excited about the switch and you know, we were all there and just waiting to get in and like pick ours up like it was all really exciting and outside of like midnight movie releases, which don't even happen to midnight anymore. No, you know, like I feel like it's harder and harder. Harder to have those kind of like shared experiences which by the way is why I think fan conventions like paczkis are becoming more and more popular. Yes. It's really like if you want to go and meet people who share your interests in person like the opportunities to do that in day-to-day life have really dwindled. I also think it was a very interesting time to because like obviously everyone's excited but like on the precipice of a new Nintendo thing, you know, especially given What the last like decade or so had been of like the Wiis sort of dwindling, you know, like library and then the Wii U being what the Wii U was that like no one really really knew at that point that Zelda was going to be as good as it was whether the switch is going to feel as good as it did and also like if we were ever going to have more games available on it like we were all on the precipice of something we didn't know what it was. I really wonder if breath of the wild hadn't released as a launch title. Title. Yeah, like there would have been so many people day one picking it up. Yeah, I mean probably not it's hard to separate the two things and like they feel so much of like a single piece or like a single ideology of play this thing exactly how you want to which I always felt that snipper Clips also did a really good job of because there's no single way to solve any of those puzzles. It's all like based on, you know, like cut out the shapes that work for you, which is Zelda. Take the weapons that work for you go the direction that works for you, which is just the switch to play it where you want. Do you want to play it in bed? You want to play it on your TV? Do you want to play it on the bus like it? It was just a host of exactly what you want to do experiences. And yeah, it's just a great like turning point for Nintendo. It's hard to imagine now the switch not existing. Yeah. It really is right and like it's here's a here's an insane thing is that You and I started doing this podcast before we knew what the switch was going to be. Like we we were we had done episodes. We're like, maybe we were just going to be talking about like the Wii U which you didn't buy them like 3DS games and like we were just going to talk about Nintendo and like, you know, maybe it was just gonna be like a labor of love about a thing that we're slowly growing apart from and it was like a real, you know shot in the arm to the show to have the switch be good and to have breath of the wild be good yeah and just have like Nintendo kind of be relevant yeah again solutely and then one more thing of course since the third anniversary of this which means it's also the third anniversary of Shovel Knight spectrum of Torment this is something that they mentioned in the yacht club direct that Specter of Torment is discounted to 50% off on the switch eShop and on a other platforms and it is my favorite of the for Shovel Knight campaigns so if you're going to buy a shovel like game in isolation I would recommend that it be Specter of torment and if you want to do that you should do it now because it's cheaper than it normally would be but also just get the whole Treasure Trove because it's all good Alright Mark. Let's get out of the news. That is going to do it for this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. Remember please rate review And subscribe and apple podcast. If you like the episode you can share it on Facebook or Twitter or wherever you share stuff on Twitter. I'm at Patrick underscore ehlers Marcus at MKE Mitchell and the show is at noon cart Society. We also have a Facebook page, which is just Nintendo cartridge Society. I'll leave you Duncan made our logo. Our theme music is provided by a bit better. You can get more of his music by going to a pipette e.com or by listening right now. For my co-host Mark Mitchell, this is Patrick ehlers saying up up down down left right left right b a start. Thanks for listening. That's right Nintendo cartridge Society listeners. What is going down? Are you ready for a promo? Let's get fit. Hi. I'm Nick and I'm Muriel were the hosts of hella in your 30s podcast about a cool couple trying to do adults table. So each week we invite you to join us as we try to learn things. We should probably already know like how does a stock market work? Can we? Install that the day why are all of our house plants dying? This is a podcast for people of all ages because remember age ain't nothing but a number but being hella in your 30s is a state of mind. Tomorrow's a new day. Let's order pizza campfire.