What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the past year.And that is using this podcast as a platform to share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I think it's like 40 to 50 percent of the United States population. Ation, actually listen to podcast what I want to share with you is that I use a free app to record all my content and distribute it really so I will upload audio files. I will upload YouTube videos that I've done Facebook the lives the audio from that to an app called anchor which is totally free a lot of podcasts platforms. You actually have to pay for it. So I'm giving you this tip because anchor allows you to record your podcast edit them upload. Anything from your computer it will then distribute those podcasts episodes. Once you publish them to places like Spotify Apple handful of other podcast platforms. So if this is something that you have been thinking about but you're not ready to invest what I can tell you is that anger allows you to make money off your podcast. It's completely free. And all you have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hello, my love bugs. I'm so excited you're here. And so excited to be sharing this message with each of you. I have two big announcements before we dive into this episode with Kiki who is absolutely incredible and I had so much fun recording this with her. But when I want to share is that I have some free offerings and have some fun announcements and that's that's where we're going to go. So the free Training I'm doing if you have not been following my journey and Instagram you guys first of all, why are we not friends? Come say hi at XO DOT Shelby Rose. I hang out there. I provided a ton of free content on the gram, but I would love to just connect and say hey what's up, but if you have not been follow me over there. I have been really I'm really truly grateful but have been granted some really incredible. Virtual gifts and they are becoming more and more powerful and it's very clear to me that I need to share them with the masses. I have been doing energetic recoding and clearings for my clients and some of my friends and even practicing with a few of you in the Instagram community on channeling your higher selves. And what I'm realizing I'm capable of doing is clearing out the recoating without going into the wounding, right? We are so often as coaches and mentors we like replay the wounding. We replayed the whoa More like clear about where the wounding is coming from what we're not actually like clearing the energy out of the bodies to make room for higher frequencies and higher vibrations. And so what I'm going to help you do in this confidence training that I'm hosting in March March 11th and 12th, I believe it are the dates. All the information is in the link in the show notes. You can get all the details are you can enroll for the free training there. I'll be sending out an email the week of to give you all the details where you can find it. But what I'm going to be doing is two things that are really really fucking impactful and massive for you guys is what I'm going to be clearing out any coding of unworthiness and any coding that has made you not feel confident and what I mean by this is that we pick up subliminal messaging subconscious programs from our parents from our ancestors from past lives and the energy transmissions and activations. I've been able to do Are clearing people of these quickly and I you know, I was practicing with one of my clients and I just like felt guided and called to do this and she's like I had all of these images Flash before my eyes and it was she was crying in the activation and all these images were showing up for her and it was like poof gone poof gone poof gone. Like we were literally clearing out these programs. She didn't even know she had and memories that she didn't she hadn't remembered. Four years since they had occurred or flashing before her eyes so that she could clear out those programs. So part of this energetic transmission is actually just a releasing those memories from the subconscious and creating confidence Coatings in you until it confidence codes are are just these activations and these codes that we already have within our system what we just need to flip the switch on it's like turning DNA on and a human body of your 2nd science nerd like I am you may be I know that reference, but if you don't like we have these these switches I get turned on and off in our spiritual body in our energetic body as well. And so what I'm going to do is turn on those competence codes for you and then on top of that I'm going to help you reconnect to your higher self and your in strengthen your connection with the Divine so that when you're making decisions when you're showing up in the world, there is this calmness and this confidence about those decisions. There's less fear less franticness. It's anxiety. You will feel more connected to yourself and your mission and your purpose by the end of this two-day free training. And if you feel called to work with me more there will be some offerings that you'll have first access to by being a part of this training the second thing. I wanted to announce you guys. So again, all the confidence trading is in the show notes. You can grab the details there. The link is down there. I think it's labeled like Confidence Code, you can get all the information there and roll there, but the second thing I wanted to remind you of is that A lot of the work we do on this podcast is really fucking powerful and there are energetic transmissions in each of these episodes. But if you are struggling to maintain that higher frequency that frequency of like earful in your body. Your energy is high. Your frequency is high your fucking confident going out into world. If you're struggling to maintain that for a long period of time, I really want to invite you to join us in Encinitas, California in May and there are I can feel the women who are meant to be there and I know there are a handful women who are meant to be there and I feel you and I feel that this is your call. If you're afraid if you are, you know, whatever is coming up for you. I really want you to tune in and ask your soul like am I supposed to be here because this is what I can say and what I always do is like before I make an investment before I say yes to going somewhere. You know, I know it's terrifying sometimes to make these leaps of Faith. But what I want to remind you is that if you feel called to be there asked her soul, what's on the other side of this for me right there, maybe more money waiting for you. There may be more like that higher frequency. Maybe it true. More clients and maybe there is instant manifestations possible for you on taking this leap of faith. But ask your soul. Am I meant to be there what's on the other side of this for me? Because what we're going to be doing at this Retreat is basically part of the confidence training on steroids because what you're going to do is actually be holding that frequency for Al extended period of time and we're going to get you so in your body that you're able to embody your higher self and what I mean by that is actually bringing that frequency of your higher self into the physical so that when you're going out and you're sharing the message us on your heart, you're attracting that Divine counterpart you're at your 9 to 5 job. You're actually calling in the opportunities the clients the partnership that your higher self intended for you when I can say is that most of us are not actually shooting for what our higher selves and done. We're actually shooting for something much less. It's like when I was you know is actually tuned in finally for this first time. I was like, I keep trying to go for 10K 20K months. And they just feel like something's off about that. And I tuned in the insole was like no fuck that. You're supposed to be doing 90k mans and I was like, oh, I don't even know how right I don't know what that looks like. I didn't even think about it could be more than that. Most of us are understanding what we're actually meant for in this lifetime. And so what I'm going to do for you if you feel called to be there and you decide to join us in Encinitas, I'm going to actually help you recode any distortions that are occurring in your energetic being. Anything that's not in alignment with your soul. We're going to give you a reset at this Retreat. It's going to be three to four days of just powerful recoding and activations so that when you leave this Retreat, you're going to better maintain your frequency and you're going to be able to better manifest the things you're calling in from that place. We're going to clear out subconscious Coatings and on top of that because you're going to leave with a really powerful Sisterhood. I just had a call with some of the girls from my Last Retreat and it's incredible to see that they're supporting each other behind the scenes either having these conversations. They're leading in when things get tough because I know on the spiritual journey, sometimes it can feel really alone when you're out in the general worldly like oh not everyone thinks like me. I know when I was living in Minnesota, I didn't feel very I didn't feel like I had many people who are on like truly on this journey with me and that's that is what I'm doing here at these routines you guys and bringing sisters together, and I'm helping You raise your vibration in your frequency. So that you when you go out into the world, it's like a whole new ballgame. So if you feel called to be there you guys reach out to me on Instagram. Send me a message message. All the details are also in the show notes, but I would love to just have a conversation with you about this so that we can really massively shift you into the place. You're meant to be in. Yeah, that's going to be dope. But I feel like I just was channeling. And all of that, that's cool. I also wanted to share with you guys a little bit about Kiki before we dive in I keep saying, um, I had a friend my notes because I had her little bio here that she wrote up for me. You guys kind of hang out with the real Shelby the singing shall be so Kiki yura is a golden-haired Globetrotter radical self-love Advocate spiritual and personal growth. Junkie, she is a certified Master life and success Coach master and lnl peace practitioner and founder of the Nama sleigh babe brand. She is a x nine-to-fiver turned full-time digital Nomad who helps free-spirited and soul entrepreneurs monetize their gifts so they can galavant the globe. You can check her out at Namaste babe on Instagram and the Namaste Blake babes Facebook Community, which I've Linked In the show notes for you guys. She also has a credible podcast up encourage you to check her out and I just have to say like her and I connected on Instagram and you guys if you do not have some sisters on Instagram get you some but I've been following her for some time and I just loved her energy and her frequency and her free spiritedness and I think each of you Really going to appreciate this woman's story. She just takes this radical responsibility for her life and where she's at and hervana of vulnerability on this episode just it was heart touching and really fucking beautiful. So I know you all are going to enjoy this. I'm not going to say much more but here is my interview with Kiki. Well Kiki, thank you so much for being here. I'm so excited to share you with my audience. I know we were just chatting before the call and it felt like we have known each other for lifetimes just to the grams. I'm excited to dive into a little bit more of your story get to know you a little bit better and excited for you to share your story with the audience. So before we dive into all the good things, I want to chat about why don't you tell the people a little bit about who you are what you do and how you got to where you are today. Absolutely. Well, hello to the people. Thank you so much for having me on the podcast. I'm so so excited to be here. So my name is Kiki Yura. I am the founder of the Namaste babe Community as well as the podcast. I am a master NLP practitioner. I have been certified in that sense 20 I could of down the NLP, right? Abbott whole around this time last year. So I've been really looking at the mentors that I have have been following a long time and they were all NLP certified and I wanted to have some certification to go with my life coaching business. And so I said, you know what? That's what they're all doing this what I'm going to do and yeah, I got it. I got started in entrepreneurship in 2016 in network marketing as I'm sure a lot of people do And that it just one thing led to another I got into life and visit life and business coaching through the idea of like personal development. I am obsessed with self-improvement and continual self-improvement and it just kind of naturally unfolded from the network marketing business. I stopped having a love for health and fitness and more so began to love personal development and life coaching. Just kind of chose me as opposed to the other way around. Amazing amazing. Okay. So for the listeners who have no freaking idea what NLP is can you give like a quick little overview or like what is it? What does it do? How does it work all the things? So NLP stands for neuro linguistic programming and what it is is this ability to communicate with your subconscious mind, so, What happens is if you take for example, this is my favorite example you take for example, you know, we're starting a new year. It's a new decade 2020. This is going to be my year. You can tell yourself this all you want but when it comes down to the nitty-gritty, it's are you going to act are you willing you can say to that you want to change your mind and you know change new behaviors and think about these things but it's the idea of actually acting upon them. So NLP is a communication tool to be able to help you reprogram your subconscious mind in order to be able to take that action and move yourself forward. Mmm. And is there like what does that look like in the coaching space because I'm now I'm just curious for myself and I'm not like other people are probably having the same questions if they're coming through but like what does that look like in a coaching container? How do you apply this with your clients to really dig into that those subconscious belief systems? Absolutely, and I think this is such a great question. And so I know P itself can be used for a variety of different things. When I did my certification. I've actually got a certification in NLP but also in life and success coaching. So they teach you how to blend these two things together in order to really help people. I talked about loosening your grip on your model of the world. So we are programmed from early early on from the age of 0 to 7. We take on everything that we are told everything that we see every Behavior as truth. And what happens is this gets coded into our subconscious minds and a lot of the time if you don't take conscious effort to change these beliefs they are what happen to come through. For life, right. So it's a matter of really working to change everything that you've been taught to reprogram yourself to move forward and say, okay. Well is this actually truth a lot of people have their stories and what they believe what they believe but what we know is that there's three sides to every story right? You know, there's there's your belief what the other person's belief and the It's like what is actually real and so if someone else can have an experience that you deem not Truth for you, but it's true for someone else. It's not actually true. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. I mean this happens all the time to write. It's like people tell you they're like, I just think about like when you go back to like grade school and you had like drama and you'd be hearing the story from like one of your friends and then your other friend would tell you You the same story and they both believe their story to be true and their own had in their own reality, but it's the perception and I witnessed this for my sis Eisley. It's like even in my own I think about like let's say someone puts a comment on one of my posts like two years ago when I was really insecure and I cared whatever, you know, it was like every person's word was like I was clinging to everything they said so someone put a comment on and it was a neutral comment. It wasn't meant good or bad. I would always take it. Case scenario because I was so afraid that someone was going to judge me or think I was bad or reject me until like it was my perception of my programming right that was coming through but I would always take that so I think it shows up for so many people and it makes so much sense than just sharing some examples for myself so that the listeners to could understand like how our programming actually shows up in like everyday life. I love this. It's amazing absolutely perception is projection, right? So what you were proceeding is based on your our own filters your own model of the world and that's what you project outwards. So when you really work to change the way you perceive things you're going to project out words and a reality. Yes. Yes. I love this. I just think I was at my like I don't ever go to church and entered Sunday. They were literally talking about this and like relationships that literally this topic. I'm like, okay, maybe this is the topic we need to go down because she was like, yeah, I would come home and every she heard her husband. She shared this example there were talking about relationships, but every time she would get to their house. She would start treating her husband like shit. She'd be like anxious around him and angry and like she was like and he brought it up to her in a very just like neutral way of being like hey, do you notice when we get home like the energies different like your friend in the car? You're fine in public but in the house whole there's actually an energy shift and she took some time to reflect and she's like and you know, this is from a Christian lands, but she's like praying and walking around or kitchen table being like, okay like revealed to me. What is this program? What is it? Like what is going on and she gets his Flash? of her at like 5 years old watching her mom run around the house frantically cleaning up after men like after her dad after the kids like cleaning cooking all day long and her dad who worked 14-hour days and was a hard worker but would come home and sit on the couch because he was exhausted after that day work and she remembered the thought that ran through her head in that moment watching her mom running around the house and her dad sitting on the couch is that men are lazy so even though No, her husband was helping and doing all this work around the house and like he was he's a very like interactive Dad. She had placed this program on him and was actually treating him through that lens of men are lazy. So we have these in all areas in our lives. It's just like that though awareness, right? We don't have the tools and this is the sound like an incredible tool to use to bring that awareness to what's actually going on in not subconscious. Absolutely, and there's different modalities. There's different tools within the realm of NLP. So we really work to remove limiting beliefs room remove negative emotions and things that are going to kind of attached and like permeate your subconscious mind and we through the power of language release that and then that's when the change work comes in to instill these new beliefs amazing. Okay. I want to know because it sounds like the wheat when you sent me over a few things something that popped out at me out to me about you is that you use the verbiage of how you manifested cancer. And so this was kind of Switching gears. But I think this is a really powerful topic especially, you know talked a lot about health and wellness on the podcast. What do you mean by that? Can we talk about this is like, what is this story? Absolutely, you know a lot of people when it comes to talking about spirituality when it comes to going down the manifestation Rabbit Hole what people don't realize is that we are constantly manifesting every freakin second of every day. And so it's based on our energetics And the emotions that we work with within our bodies and It's really becoming radically aware and taking radical responsibility for not only when the good things come into your life, but the bad things as well because it's not just oh, I'm a master manifest error when everything is high Vibe and I'm getting my way and all of the goodness is showing up in my life. It's when the shit shows up to and for the longest time one of the Is like the main principles of manifestation is that what you focus on expands? And for the longest time in my early 20s, I had a very large fear of getting cancer. I didn't have the greatest diet. I didn't really work out. I was a dancer for 16 years and then as soon as I stopped dancing, I like didn't have a workout routine didn't really eat good food, didn't you? Don't take care of my mental health and I partied all the time. I was drinking I was doing drugs. I was you know, go go go. I always wanted to be the life of the party always wanted to be the last one standing. So I didn't have good sleep schedule. Just all of these things and I was aware of that. I was aware that the way I was treating my body could lead to some unwanted kind of outcome, but I didn't Do anything about it? It was just like oh, you know I constantly keep thinking about how the way that I'm going. I could end up creating something in my life not even creating because I I wasn't aware at that time of what all of this was, but I just all I knew was that if you don't eat well, if you don't exercise, you know, you could something bad could happen to you, you know, you're not going to be healthy. So anyways fast forward into my It was just before my 28th birthday are just three just after my 28th birthday. I had got a job working for Carnival Cruise Line and I had to go and get like a big medical done. They didn't catch a thing. They the medical I paid $700 for this like all-inclusive medical workup. They didn't catch anything turns out that I go to get prescriptions from my GP. I needed some prescriptions refilled and And they you know, when you go into your doctor for just a random check up. They always like check your neck like around your lymph nodes and all of that and my doctor goes ha that's that's kind of funny. And so she checks my neck and she goes it's probably nothing but I'm going to send you for an ultrasound walk into the ultrasound office the woman literally gasps. It was the most unprofessional thing that I have ever come across she Gasped and I said to her what's wrong and she goes. Oh, that's something that you're going to have to speak about with your your doctor. And I was like, okay great. So I knew it. I knew something was coming. I knew something was coming. So when I went to go get a biopsy and she called them the my doctor called and she goes yet. So your results came back. There's some nodes we want to get them biopsied go for the biopsy and then of course a couple weeks later they told Me that I have pre stage cancer and I was very lucky because all that I had to do was go and have a surgery get it removed. But what they didn't really tell you about is like all of the stuff that happens afterwards and so there were a lot of balancing of medications they completely removed my thyroid. So normally they can do like a partial one, but I had notes on both sides and they completely remodeled Of my entire thyroid and I was left now as quote unquote hypothyroid. So I have to take a medication every single day to improve my thyroid function. So if I miss the medication I get tired, I get cranky I get all of these things but going back to the whole manifestation part only two years after maybe even yeah, probably about two years after I started following Catherine Zen Kina manifestation, babe. I got really into going down the rabbit hole of all of that. And when I did I kind of got this realization of like fucker I attracted this into my life, you know, I started doing the reading I started understanding the principles of Law of Attraction and manifestation and I had to get super honest with myself and say yeah, I I did this to myself I 100% did this to myself so that is Talking about how I manifested cancer into my life. I also if you really want to go on like a an offshoot. I also say that it was the best thing that ever happened to me. Wow, I just want to honor you for taking it like you said radical responsibility. It's like you there is no victim story left in you. There is just this like this happened. I created it. I'm going to take on responsibility for it. And not only that you've also like using the language of that. That's the best thing that ever happened to you. So I do want to go down that rabbit hole. What like what did wake up call probably like that. of that serve you I mean honestly, like if you really kind of look at this whole thing it that was the brick wall. Well that I needed to hit in order to be able to to be able to just take responsibility for where I was at and realize that if I kept going down this path that I was going to end up because I like I said before the I wasn't taking care of myself in any regard, but then I was really starting to abuse alcohol and drugs because there was this emptiness inside of me. There was this void I was trying to feel there was this unworthiness piece that I had suffered with my whole life and the manifestations just kept getting bigger and bigger. So it was this wake up called that if I kept doing these things like, you know, going out and drinking all night. Then doing drugs and thinking that I'm sober enough to drive and driving home drunk all of that. It was this realization of if I don't get my shit together. I am going to end up in jail. I am going to hurt someone. I'm going to hurt myself and cancer. Was that brick wall that I needed to hit in order to be able to start making serious changes in my life. Wow Wow. I think it's like a beautiful reminder and I've shared my story. In here too is I had some massive Health stuff show up in my life where I was like couldn't even think straight or walk through life and it was the same thing. It was like I needed to get to the point where like I thought I was losing my mind at 25 in order to actually change anything. So the reminder I think for all the listeners is that we don't have to wait until we hit that rock bottom like it's not necessary. I wish I could like don't wait, please don't wait like listen to the night. As earlier don't stay in a job far longer than your soul was telling you with the job of across the country and the relationship do what your heart is telling you because spirit will come full force for your ass and it's not always fun when you get your shit Roth It's so funny because I was just on a sorry. I was just on a podcast interview earlier today with a relationship expert and we were talking In about the same thing in terms of seen in relationships, you longer trying to force the things and it's just when you get those nudges honor them because they're there for a reason. Yeah. Yeah. It's and it's interesting too is like you almost have to is just sharing with you before the episode of like how some things are really shifting in my life right now is like you have to take action when you get the notch because it's prolonging your girl thrilling in sometimes what happens is that we get in A nudge we get that internal like I need to move I need to go. I need to end the relationship. I need to leave this job. We get that nudge. And then we allow our fear story to like swoop back in and logical eyes it I like to call it. Like we like let logic take over which is never liked. It doesn't ever work out. But so many people have had these nudges and then they're sitting there being like I'm waiting for the clarity of waiting for Life what you know, what am I supposed to do next when the clarity has been there? It's been like knocking at your door with Just not listening and I'm saying this from the most loving place because I did that I was like that is that it what you know, I'm waiting for a sign of what I'm supposed to do when it's like sitting in front of me shaking. But yeah, it's it's listening and it's paying attention. So let's say someone who is like I looking at their life being like well, I don't love what I'm seeing and I don't know how I manifest that mess manifested this in how do they start to bring awareness to their situations to? To take responsibility or to just at least have the awareness to be like, what are the thoughts? I'm thinking what is what is occurring to allow this to show up in my life. How do we start to bring that awareness in? It's honestly a conscious Choice base and so in I was really lucky that this awareness just kind of came over me and I started paying attention when I started learning about manifestation. And when I started really paying attention to the fact that our thoughts do create our reality. Like when I first heard that it was like this light bulb just went off in my mind. And so this is what I ended up having to do was to consciously check in with myself. On a daily basis and say okay, how am I not only what am I thinking or what are those stories that are on repeat or what are those thoughts that are creeping in when things start to get you know, I'm starting to move forward. Maybe I'm starting to make progress in my life. And then what are those thoughts that are coming in that are deer. Are you pretty much and they're standing your growth. It's bringing that awareness to them and getting me really honest with yourself about oh shit. This is probably something that I've been thinking for a really long time. And how do I go about healing that or even just asking yourself? Why is that not true giving yourself a reason any time it comes up to say. Okay. Well, this is just a limitation. This is like I call her my inner Regina George my inner mean girl. She's not actually real. Real yet. My whole Community knows it as the inner Regina George and she is there to keep you stunted right? She is you're either past self or current self and you need to give her the reasons. Why you she's like the gatekeeper of your growth. You need to give her the reasons why of like, okay. Well actually you're saying this but here's this reason this reason this Reason why you're wrong and I'm right and you know the gate will open for you. So it's really just bringing that that awareness and making that conscious choice. So if you have to like I tell my clients this all the time if you have to set an alarm every morning or like three times a day to check in with your thoughts until it becomes an instill. My feeling because it's not just the thought that the emotions that come along with it. I love that. Yeah, this is I think that's where everyone really truly has to start and if I'm noticing things that are showing up in my life after a period of time and I'm like not being as diligent about it. It's the first thing I go back to of like, well what have I been thinking about the best three weeks two weeks month, like what has been showing up and I love doing this exercise to where I'll literally take a piece of paper. It's like a two-sided notebook if you guys have seen that was it Like a notepad with two sides and on one side. I'll write down every thought that pops into my head. So on one side. All right down the thought that I don't actually want to be manifesting on the other side of write down the thoughts that are like pushing me towards of the things I desire and usually the thoughts that I'm like, I don't want to create that if I haven't been conscious and I haven't been paying attention is so much fucking longer and I have to like go through then I'll cut that side up and I'll burn it and like these are the ones I want God not the other side. Sorry like And this is what I want and so it's so it's you know, there's many ways we can do this but it's so fucking powerful because most people aren't even aware of what's running through their mind every single day and we have these thoughts that are programmed right? So if you look at the statistics, whatever, you know, you think anywhere upwards of like 60 to 70,000 thoughts a day and the majority of them are on Repeat from the day before and 80% of those are negative and I like to say that I am no longer part of that statistic because of the inner work that I have done. Right? But until you get there, you are definitely part of that statistic if you're not bringing the awareness and the Consciousness to your thoughts. That's eat that's going to be you. It's just going to be a broken record. So this is why it's really important to say, you know, even having like a murder morning journaling practice of how do I To feel today, you know, what are what are the goals that I'm moving myself towards and what are the thoughts that have come along at and so affirmations are really powerful but they're only powerful when you put the feeling behind them because if you can say something all day long, but if you don't believe it, there's a disconnect. So you have to get that positive feeling emotion behind it as well. Like how is it going to feel when that actually happens right? That is what you want to bring into the now. Yes, and I always think like when I'm reading an affirmation if I don't feel like it's an energy healing in that moment. It's probably not the affirmation I need or I'm not believing it on some level. I literally will feel like heat moves through my body when it's an affirmation. That's like, oh I needed that like there's like the energetic transmission. So you should feel something in your being when you say an affirmation and if you're just saying it and going through the motions, like what is that actually doing? It's like it's just another I almost feel like that's just another way to like say we're doing the work I use this a lot as like sometimes we say we're doing the work. We're not actually doing anything where it's like another like thing that we just put on repeat. It's like yeah, I meditated this morning. Yeah, I Journal this morning. But like are you doing anything in that is there actually some sort of energetic transmission occurring is are actually some thing moving through you. Are you actually connecting to that higher power are you is there at what's actually happening? So affirmations are really powerful, but they can also just be Another way for us to say we're doing the work and then be like well now I have a reason to be a victim because you know, I've been journaling I've been met I've done this. So this is like me again. I'm always speaking to myself. Like I've been journaling. I've been meditating. I'm not seeing the results not my fault. I'm doing the work, you know what I mean? So it's like well, what are you actually doing when you're doing the work and I have to get really honest with myself. I'm like, yeah, I'm saying the fucking affirmation, but I don't believe that for one second that this is gonna happen. And so what what none it's like doing it to the next. Level of like well, why don't I believe this is possible for me. What's the program there which it sounds like NLP would be a beautiful to like Implement when we're sitting there saying affirmation like me. Why don't I believe this? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. It's so funny. I am I feel you on a soul level because that is exactly what I have been doing with my meditation recently. I have been totally there every morning meditating but Time- you lying down first thing in the morning when I broken up and following a half back asleep. Not very We do it though, right it's like and and I think that's that right there honesty with yourself and it's like just because you've been doing this work for a couple of years, isn't me? And we were like doesn't mean that ego game doesn't come in strong or our humanness doesn't come in strong. It's like I think that's something and remember for anyone who's beginning this journey of doing the self work and really reflecting unlike. What are my thoughts and like going deep you have to remember Ember that someone who is you know, living this life like Kiki is who's in Colombia right now traveling all over the world running her business has this beautiful online business and has been doing this work for a few years. She still has the same fucking thoughts of someone who just started. It just got easier for her, but she still has to do the work. So it doesn't matter same thing here is like I'm not I'm not a magical unicorn who doesn't have crazy assets. I have a crazy as thoughts in a big-ass ego at times. Like they're just days where I'm like, well, she's crazy today and you know put her in the back seat of the car, but that doesn't mean we don't there. There isn't a point in time where the work stops is what I'm saying more than the awareness tops and there isn't a point in time where we don't have our human moments. There isn't a point in time where this like magically all disappears and we become enlightened at least from what I understand most humans are going to live their entire lives with this experience, but it gets so much and yeah, so yeah. Absolutely, and it's you because then you growing you get these tools and so you're because you're aware of it because you're aware of your thoughts because you're aware of your thoughts and your feelings and all of this stuff. You are able to catch it. No more consistent basis, whereas in the beginning it runs the show it rules the game. And so when you have been doing the work, it's so much easier to call yourself out and this is the whole radical responsibility thing and It applies to so many different areas of life and it's very very important to realize and I love that you said this is that the work never stops and I will give you the best example because I you know, I've only been in business for myself for about one year and or just over a year and last year I was growing and scaling my business and I got myself to you know, five five and a half K months which was super super exciting and then I took the gas. Gasp my foot off the gas pedal. And as soon as I did that, you know, my my income took a huge hit it took a huge dip. And then I had a very personal thing happen like a bit of I don't even know how to explain it because it wasn't to do anything with me but it involves people that I loved and cared about and it's unfortunately not my not my story to share but something happened and I took it very Void because this person that I loved in this other person who I thought was a friend but something happened and moving forward. I just I took it as a very personal hit because I wasn't doing the work and had I been doing the work at the time it would have made the whole instance way less messed up and then because of that this this how I took it as a personal attack it affected my business and then that month I only had I made like $800. That that month of my business and it was just like oh like mind pretty much. Oh my God. Thank you for sharing that too. Because hi just the beautiful example of like how your inner world really does reflect that outer world, but I think as entrepreneurs we've all been there like sent the ups and downs. We've all had those months or it's like fuck. Yes, and then what the fuck happened like that's part of the journey, but it's again. It's like not that I want to call. Like not that eight hundred dollars in cancer are related, but it all we get the those lessons to serve us right because now you can be like, oh, well, I wasn't doing the work and this is what happened and so here I can go and I can move forward but this is like this is the beauty of this growth in this transformation the inner work in the inner healing that we all get to do is that when we're really truly doing it the results cannot be like anything other than miraculous. Like that's what I call it. Sometimes when I'm like how the fuck Did this work out my business? It's always a reflection of what's going on in the inside. It's like I don't know just yeah, so thank you for sharing and being someone I totally agree. Last thing I want to ask you is let's say we are stuck in a victim story. Let's say there's like that we get. Oh sometimes I think when we're so in the story, it's hard to pull ourselves up and be like, oh my God. I'm playing victim right now. How how do we how do we just be like? Oh my God. I'm playing fucking victim. How did I don't like shift and I know that's like the conscious and the thing about the thoughts but how do we identify if there is a victim story? That's maybe playing out that's not allowing us to take responsibility. I love that and this is exactly what I was doing back in September. I was making something that was not mine totally about me and it took look nice. It to be quite on honest because I wasn't doing the work it took me a couple months to really move past it even though I was conscious I was like, okay and I was done. It's a matter of the emotional intelligence. Right? So I was really sitting and just sick and tired of being sick and tired about the story about what was going on and I had to take a look and say to myself. Okay, is this how I I want to continue to feel or is is this something that's going to be a lesson looking back and saying? Okay, how did I shift myself out of this? So one of the biggest things and I think sometimes when we are really in a rut when we really get up against a wall it's being able to find playfulness again being able to take this gross stuck negative energy and in a way of Shifting it. Is to bring fun and and lightness back to your life. And I know that can be really hard especially when things are darkest, you know, maybe you've been in grief or in a state of depression. So take a look at the emotional guidance scale this will this will be like my hot tip for you guys. So I am a huge fan of Abraham Hicks and in manifestation a lot of time people think that in In order to go from bad, they have to go to great and that's actually not the case when you are stuck in this negative emotion when you are stuck you can you can apply on LP. But if you're someone who's just wanting to like DIY the best thing to do is to take a look at the emotional guidance scale and you can just Google this and what it is is this list of 22 emotions. Okay, and so it goes from one which is like knowledge freedom. Lightman all the way down to the very bottom which I believe is fear resentment grief. I can't remember them all off by heart. But they're there. Yeah anger sadness. They are all ranked in a certain level. So when you are able to shift from a 22 to a 21 that's actually shifting your energetic vibration in your energetic calibration, so you Can then become a better man a tester for the things that you are wanting to call into your life? So it's that one little shift and then if you do that, let's say you've been stuck in a rut for a very long time. Don't put some much pressure on yourself to try to shift, you know from 22 to 21 to 22 19 as you know in a day, but if you can get yourself, you know, let's say you're at a 22 and then you go to a 21 and you stay the 21 for like a week and then the next week you're going to go to a And then the week after that you're going to go to a 19 and it doesn't have to be this massive Quantum Leap. I mean they can be which is always very exciting. But if you're consciously just trying to move yourself forward move the needle forward a little bit everyday you go you identify what the emotion is your feeling and you say, okay. What is the next best feeling thought that I can have and when you were able to become a master of of that and have that emotional intelligence you're going to be able to identify it sooner you're going to be able to shift yourself out of it sooner and really start manifesting the things that you're Desiring to call it. Mmm. I love that but it doesn't have to happen overnight and it won't probably unless there's like we all have those moments where things just Quantum chips and everything is like only fuck. I don't know how that happened. But everything's like better all of a sudden sometimes that happens, but the most part of like know Yeah, well Kiki is been such a pleasure pleasure chatting with you. All I wanted to say I'm going to link the emotional guidance scale in the show notes. So for anyone who doesn't want to like go through the process, I just pop it there, but where can people find also link everything for KiKi that she's about to talk about in the show notes as well. But where can people find you where can they hang out with you? Yeah anything you want to share? r I am right now hanging out a lot on Instagram. I am posting as much as possible in my stories and sharing my journey my digital Nomad Journey which only just started like a week and a half ago. So I've been super super excited about that. And so I am at Nama slay babe over on Instagram. You can find me Namaste babe on all of the things. So Facebook. I also have a Facebook Community called the Namaste, babe. ABS there is the Namaste babe podcast and I'm also over on Pinterest. So come hang out with me wherever amazing. Well, thanks again for sharing your story being so vulnerable and all the good nuggets that the listeners are going to take away a I so appreciate your time and your energy Thank you so much for having me. I am so so excited for this episode to come out and I am so excited to have you on my podcast as well. Yes. Yes. Yes definitely go go pop over to Kiki's podcast and check it out soon.