Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you Have been involved in extracurriculars your four years at Lincoln Way, how was being involved in these activities? How has that helped? You not only academically but you know what also socially here at the high school being involved with so much especially Sports being able to meet so many people and then coming to school and have them in your classes gives you a lot of opportunities like to have a supportive friend group around you and also having activity after Cool structures your time really well school and I think that helps a lot. Yeah, great. Yeah, especially with marching band the fact that you do that over the whole summer before you come for your freshman year is really helpful because when you come to school knowing lots of people and you have upperclassmen to look up to and that's really great and with time management, it's really helps having practices after school. You learn that you have to do your homework and figure out how to align that stuff. That's a great point. You know, we talk about time management now. All I know with both of you earning a 5.0 or above on a 4-point scale. You're taking AP classes. You're taking honors classes. So time management is key. Not only do you have a heavy workload in class? But then you add all these activities you really have to manage your time and you've proven that you can do it. I want you to think about what has been your favorite most memorable moment at Lincoln Way. Were marching band when we won State and we're standing in the bleachers. That is you and you hear our name called First and it's just the best feeling being there with all your friends and then afterwards we sing Our alma mater and it's just so special. Nice. Yeah, that was that was a big moment. And I know the time in the commitment that all of the students put in into marching band. So that was a great way to end your career here at Lincoln Way as well George. Last year for lacrosse. We won our sectional championship and that was really great being a new sport and ihsa and hopefully we can do the same and even better this year. Great. Okay. I'm going to turn the tables a little bit. So we talked about your favorite most memorable moments and a real great time for you. But now how about a moment where you had to persevere a time that was tough for you and you had to fight through it. Can you think of a time in the last 40 years that you had to deal with adversity? This year for our math class. It was calc its calc 3 and it's through U of I and a lot of its on the computer and having that kind of like new exposure to a college type math class has been really difficult to get used to but I think it made me more aware of different types of classes and allows me to get used to new kinds of like math. Yeah throughout school. It's inevitable to have like little riffs with friends and stuff and just getting through that and having to also focus on school at the same time has really helped me also figure out just like how to balance all parts of my life and not only worried about school or only worried about my social social aspect of life. Nice. All right. How about a teacher that's made an impact on you guys. Through the four years. Can you think of a favorite teacher and can you tell me how they've been helpful? My favorite teacher is mrs. Parker. She's been really inspirational to me because I want to be a math teacher and she has been able to be a great teacher for me. I've had her three years and especially this year and she's been putting a lot of work and she shows that she really cares about her students a lot and she's was like an ideal math teacher would be to me. There's a lot of teachers here that it's hard to like pick an individual one. But the fact that I've had dr. Baron for 2 years now and he just he's always willing to check up on you. And if you don't look like you're having the best day, he'll make sure you're doing all right and aside from that he's just a great teacher and he's so smart and I know people they can be like super smart, but then they don't have any social skills, or they can't really talk to people or they might be cocky but It's just the most humble person and he's super smart as well. So great. We just had our incoming freshmen open house the class of 2020 for what advice would you give incoming freshman? What's the secret to success in your mind here at Lincoln Way Central definitely getting involved and being able to have a good friend group like at the Freshman open house. I was at the La Crosse Table and there are a lot of new kids who wanted to try it out and I think that's really great to try. A something new like that because you're going to be open to different sorts of friend groups. Maybe that you wouldn't hang out outside of school, but get to know inside school and it makes a really enjoyable High School experience. Yeah, I would say try not to have an image of yourself that you're specifically trying to attain like be open to yourself becoming someone that you didn't necessarily expect because when you have those expectations for yourself, you kind of just get stuck in that and you don't get to actually grow your just stuck in one spot trying to achieve that same thing and it just doesn't work well for you and when you open yourself up to more opportunities to grow it just makes your experience a lot more enjoyable. Well said now in the fall, you probably have some big plans. Can you tell us what are your plans for the fall and also life after Lincoln Way what's ahead so I'm going to be going to Carthage College in Kenosha, Wisconsin, and I'm going to be studying math and secondary education because I want to be a high school math teacher and I also am going to be playing football and Lacrosse there. I'll be attending Western Illinois University majoring in forensic chemistry and minoring in Spanish. I'd like to thank Our Guest today Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. We wish you the best of luck in all of your future endeavors. Thanks for joining us for this episode of everything Central.