I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. people began to cut down the trees so they could sell the wood or so, they could grow food on the land when Gary was sad to see the forest disappearing, but she could also do something about it one gauri had studied the science of living things, but it's called biological sciences. She'd studied so hard that she'd gotten a degree called a doctorate. It's really hard to do that but with her doctorate wangari could start to solve the problem of the disappearing forests. Switch or brushing to the bottom of your mouth and brush a little circles around each tooth. One gauri was part of the National Council of women in Kenya a group of women whose goal was to help women in Africa one gauri thought that a great way to help both women and the environment would be to have women plant trees. The trees could supply wood for building and cooking for the women and it would help keep the forest that one gauri love. She called her project the green belt movement and soon women all over Africa or planting millions of trees switcher rushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth and brush your front teeth, too. One gauri's project was a big success one. Gary helped women all over Africa plant more than 20 million trees. And in 2004 one gauri received a special prize called the Nobel Peace Prize. The Nobel Peace Prize is given to people who helped promote peace on Earth and one gauri's Greenbelt project had done just that for her tireless efforts to help the environment and the women of Africa one gauri Mathai is tonight's Chompers heroin. That's it for Choppers tonight, but we'll be back with more tomorrow until then 3 2 1. Chompers is a production of gimlet media.