Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probablyGo to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing. Honestly, I knew pervert Jesus only need to buy a couple more. Let's see if it even is good with this many people say hey well dreams. Are you could do what? I'm not there. Okay. Why don't you have anything? Sure I'll start with the first thing. It was actually a suggestion that I got a while ago and Discord. Have you ever been caught? In a wank. Yes, let's go was gonna go around we're gonna go around the table. You want to start. I know I have not been not been I've test I've tempted fate before though. Oh, I've been just kind of like been like too lazy to get the headphones some kind of like a for the boy. I like blasting it kind of bump in with the full blue to surround sound if you ever accidentally connected to a Bluetooth speakers. I just check I don't even think there's any that are just like on in my house. I always check speaker in my downstairs bathroom and it connected to my phone. And my sister was taking a shower and I was like, okay like oh, oh no Jesus. Yeah. I was when I was in my house remodel I was living in an apartment and I was in sixth grade when I was having that's early Bloomer. Yeah. Yeah and just kind of just don't add it for one of the first times, you know just didn't know how to lock a door. Then she poured juice is even flowing back. Thank you know that and I don't ham and Just my mom just straighten straighten the bathroom. Well, there you go. And I just just put my phone right over my penis, but you so that's what you get for as you hit them both of the same time. I yeah, but it was just it was just one and done. So what was the thing? Well, what was she like she didn't even know what a fat shit. Can you recreate the sound of you slapping your phone onto your yeah. Yeah, if something like that and I was ready it was that was funny. No it was I was kind of like made Wait, so no Collateral Damage. I don't think my juices or even flow in sixth grade and are they are they now? They still not from don't think I've hit that point yet Edie goddamn. All right Edge to add to this story. Okay, so I was like in my room. I don't have a lock on my door. It's probably invest in one of those that's tragic. So yeah, and you know, they went out shopping and I thought well good time. Again, and came back early and didn't even hear have the volume up too high. I've been thankfully blessed with some squeaky floors in my house so I can hear people coming from about a mile away. So just like it's kind of like a little like the sound from your phone or the floor or the bed. So I've been pretty lucky so far nothing. I don't think I don't think I've been caught or I've been aware. I've gotten caught sleeping wanking. What do you know where I was? I was not notified that I was caught so someone was very and they're peaking at you. It's not like you didn't notice on your phone. You've been taught wanking know it's gonna happen FBI open up. Maybe I don't know. Maybe my dad's walked in and be like God's disappointment and walked out just tunnel vision at that point. You can see anybody else speaking of sexual deviance Harvey Weinstein's on trial. That's just A transitional thank you. I'll take in some way VIA going to some current events. So I don't actually I think his sentences this week is facing up the 29 years. So it's kind of sad to see it as a man. So so life. Basically I'm kidding you'd be the biggest target when he goes to prison. I can't even walk. Oh my God. I've seen killed himself again. I thought it was like in his 80s and he's appeared I like 65 or something and he always he really was about as good as we are. Nasal wagger. He's like hunched over like walking on like a cane or some Kevin. No, he literally like glowing. Yeah. He's like the penguin. I don't even know just maybe they're trying to give him sympathy from the jury. That's actually how our judicial system works and speaking of the judicial system Judge Judy is ending that's never watch an episode of that. You never know. If I Judge Judy is ending in 2021. So I wrote a letter to judge 25 Seasons great. I mean, she's sad I want to go into that. Well, maybe I wanted her program to end. I thought it was stupid. Oh, yeah. Yeah. She's been staring at that letter every time she wakes up. She's like that one kid. You know what I'm done. I'm done. It's over. It's probably what it was. She was the most paid like on television personality for right? I don't know. I don't even I never watched the show. I was never interested in programming. It's just it's a scam unlike the purple monkey podcast. We're kind of the best in the game. That's the game. That's go to the discard. If you haven't if you somewhere somehow you found this podcast. First but you know purple monkey pod or or look up podcast on this board. We usually bump it and the server will be up there like a podcast monkey house for the boys. We've been trying to get a little more active on their fun times fun times every time we don't talk. We just lose people. It's the most annoying thing. Well, it's yeah, it takes like 10 minutes to like get like one person in if we're lucky and then they can just get even a matter of seconds. Yeah, just the way like someone someone We'll just join and then they'll get instantly cussed out by other members and then they'll just I don't like it there. I got a quick question. How do you guys feel about like a Minecraft server with the microphone is offered at someone someone was talking to me who said that he had acquired a server and would like to dedicate it to the monkey cause oh, that's very generous big fan. I'd be down for a quick sesh I'd be elated. So there's only for Java but I'd play yeah, I've never actually played on computer since I was In fifth grade, let's Javas job is like the best version of the original I thought was very prefer Pizza the Hutt pizza. Oh, okay. Well just eat to the jokes here before. Okay. Well that I thought it was fun. I've actually never had Pizza Hut pizza. I've not admitting I don't want to oh wait, he ate himself. Never mind. You can't do that. All right. Yes, let's keep on moving. Okay. So I was I was doing some scrolling through the internet and it up stumbling on a fun subject. Reddit has anyone here ever heard of our / unbirth. Oh, boy. Here we go. You sent me the message sounds the sounds I want you gone extinct. So, how is someone born let's let's let's start with that. Well, how far back do you want to start? Just like, let's talk to me when you were born. Do you come out of a tunnel? Yes, I would say so let's say let's say there's a community excited. Community people on the internet who like to shove people back through the tunnel. Is it is it also their children or is it just another person just like they've stumbled through why don't I pull this? Oh, well wait, so it's a whole subreddit dedicated that one scene in Family Guy when Quagmire's born and his mother tells the dr. Duncan Raj just isn't that just for is now. Well, this is or through the vagina. So it's like a different voice. It's like for part 2 because like vores like the sequel after sequel. 44 to The Squeakquel. So like right here. We're just going to describe what I'm looking at for the Rhode show. We're just seeing it's animated. Oh, yeah, they don't do it in real life and other things animated flick without any more. It's just like a giant anime girls shopping at smaller and see my girl. I've heard this isn't as bad as I can't perform its kind of nasty. We actually did all this. This is only what can be on the NSFW channel from now on please just unbirth you post anything else it can only After your band just create a separate channel for unbirth about not coming soon the unbirth channel. It's just keep going like a couple more appealing it though. Like I don't know. They just like to look this right now. It's discussed. It is incredibly that's a tentacle. What is the caption? Are you cold? I really love this tight fit. Oh, I don't I don't I don't want to look at this, too. We're pretty much looking at a Person getting too slowly shoved between a cock and oh, yeah, let's move on. I didn't even seem alright and that segment boys are / unbirth everybody fun times. All right. Excellent way. Can you click on the one that says being a slug? Mama can know? Yeah. Well click on it really don't need to go into that how it's about it and I have to click on another link. Even care if the caption I'm sure he's not even worth. What's a slug mom is that let's read the comments to try to think about this. Someone said that slug looks like a dick. What's like my like my pussy? There we go, the count got deleted he deserved it. It did absolutely sir. That's great. Even the moderator of this over. It was like, oh, yeah this give that up so we are at About that 10-minute Mark boys. So we're going to hit that ad break re-recording a fresh one for the boys this week. So to yes stay tuned for the next segment. You don't know it's going to be have a degree. Yo, what's up? Hancho? Moncho here today talking about my favorite anchor podcast app. It's called anchor podcast and it's the easiest way to make a podcast is it's free, and there's there's recording and editing tools right on your phone or computer and you'll distribute podcast for you. She could be here then Apple. It's probably podcast and many more its part by part 5 cast you can make money with no minimum. This is Jay. And everything you need to make a podcast it would Place download free acre app could anchor Donathan to get started take a brain damage. All right. Well, I hope you enjoyed that nice little ad we haven't we haven't recorded it yet as of now, but I'm sure it was the best ad you've ever heard. Just give me a play-by-play. Okay at the are you have some of them I got an email from change.org is I signed one petition once was the petition it was to remake Game of Thrones season eight. All right. Yeah when I signed and so I got an email from that said shut down PornHub and hold its Executives accountable for aiding. Trafficking how are they? It's just hurtful. Apparently there was like self videos of 15 year old girl getting raped on the site. Oh, well that isn't it a she. I know. I know whether to be punished the website come on punish the people uploaded the video. I'm going to keep it up and running it is the the video down. I found another video. Okay. Yeah, you know what video that is right exploit I can explain. Whoo, speed it up. Basically just write this. No, we're not doing this is just an take guy on Tick-Tock apparently rate this unconscious girl and post it on person. You're yelling usually is screaming like a Bill Cosby. Yeah, and he was like arrested for sexual assault. So you follow him on Tick-Tock I do for him. Well, you can expect us from the type of people who would use Tick-Tock in the first place. So Ryan's actually gonna be sent to prison. He won't be here next episode might happen. Why? Why do you let things go through the roof? Are you sick talk? I mean there are some funny things once in a while. Most of its garbage. There's some some some humor to it looks like this podcast and the fact that's actually very basically this is the possibility of money part mostly like garbage, but it's Leah laughs one to make yeah. It sounds like it makes you like chuckle like the exhale on the nose might smirk. You might sigh a little less loud. Oh, no, you know what? That's not that's not reaction. I get um tic toc. Oh my God. God kind of like that. No, it's probably not. Okay that life is going nowhere really good. So how long does it last right? Oh, yeah. Thea was saying this would be like five minutes when I was actually like three. Good job. Good job. Good job. I just gonna talk about Katy Perry's pregnant. Okay. Okay just read my notes, but she pregnant. She's pregnant Katy Perry Orlando Bloom. That the video that was uploaded to the site very bold forgettable. So yeah, thanks for bringing the entire segment Ryan's. Yeah, that's why I was like holding my phone away and he's like hold my phone like this guy now remember the last episode you Peron oh, what was the title of the worst episode episode and it is when's the new worst episode yet new episode 2 Electric Boogaloo sag and a white you had actually some are you talking about so, you know, I drew the line when coronavirus starts affecting the movies hundred thousand people infected but when it starts affecting movies, that's where I get angry, right? So Month delay for oo7 movie do oo7 movie Ghostbusters movies also delayed. Certainly. I didn't hire you're kidding. It's everything's just his but you're supposed to come out. It wasn't met now. It's now it's just not. Okay. We changed it up everybody fucking asshole Corona. Honestly, like kill people find butter in the movies. Now, you're stepping on them and people are dying. Anyways, I don't you know, it's like whatever it's gonna happen. It's gonna happen either. I've always died ever but you know, what's not always their movies kind of the company that puts out Bond took like a a 30 million dollar hit because they had to delay Ogle November. She's just because I mean like really eyelash also sings the theme well, we won't mention her because she's mad it's not that terrible. She's my idol. I mean, I don't very similar clothing style as torf does he reacts area hers are baggy and his or just they just buy the bag sighs Chloe. Yeah. He just kills mice but never mind could wear Billy. I was just close and it was look tight. Ryan did you go in the children's section? Oh my God. There we go. There it is. The fats. I said, we wouldn't make these jokes. Well, here we are me. Yeah, maybe you should lose some weight and we can snap like that the fiber out and come on SO celebrity deaths personally very very tragic one for me. It was like it was last week. The creator of Legos died. That's so sad. He actually fell into the river. You can probably just whose families morning. They can probably just put him jokes. They can probably just put them back together, you know about the rest of you sent out to pick up a studs though. Now, it's just not funny. That's the conversion from Lego studs to Dollars during I should find the real that's definitely one of my characters in Lego Star Wars with real money then thanks I think studs are more valuable the point of studs cost. My dad went out for a pack of studs and never came back wait, we got 46 cents each. What's that? I have a lot of money Brian. That's not terrible. Actually. No, that's one brick. Not a slide right studs are probably cheap when Ryan crashes is Elantra. We'll just studs will come out and just be bloated. That's tragic as very Derek well, I wonder how many studs a real I wonder how many studs we've made on this podcast so far. I think someone do the math for us Wheatridge a diet. We true Jedi 47 cents per let's say 40 sec. I'm going to assume hold on a sec 50, right? No, no 50 times that's like 50 cents per brick. What Piper to be 2 by 2 brick? Okay, some days. I'm here for entertainment and pull out a man. I don't even like stupid. I took it. I'm sure after I finish the task After High School, you'll do something, you know, something will happen. You'll figure it out. My husband. That's why I've been kind of like looking at cardboard box shopping recently to kind of like Get Ready for the street life. Just kind of gravel kind of browsing good will not actually buying anything saving that money, but it's just kind of like looking around. Does everyone know that Christian Bale's joined the MCU really? What it was he playing Batman? He's the enemy and Thor in the name of the enemy. I don't know the new Batmobile on this because every single picture was like half dark and it's like I love shadowy. Yeah, it seems more and more. I don't want people to see it more modern more grounded in realism. That's true, which is I mean, it's a good thing. Tonight batsuit. I know if we discussed this already, but the batsuit like the symbols made out of the gun that killed Bruce's parents OG pretty cool. That's cool. As I think it's pretty sick. The suit looks cool. Let's see how the movie that actually is in Robert Pat. This should make the movie come out like 2020. They should make the Batmobile from Arkham Knight. The one that can just turn into a tank. Well, that was a I was Christian Bale's funny and just nothing else there. It's like a movie that you just play as party sub s like that's most games now. It is like Red Dead. Well, no, like my flavors are just Platformers wait to read that too. I got like a bit through and then my save data just corrupted and it's all gone. I have another patients to redo it. You have the patience to sit through another hundred hours to get through the first quarter the game. So you'll eventually redeem yourself. I think I managed the both have over 200. Hours, I think right. I don't think that's accurate think it's pretty accurate really 200 hours when you're idle, it only measures a half an hour into your oh really, so I didn't know that so like maybe a half-an-hour adds up if every time you click on but like I don't think it's that much. Well, yeah, I definitely played the shit out of that I so I do I do have about 200 on breath of the wild as well. So guys. All right. It's really fun all-time favorite game right there. Why and how many hours of Roblox do you have? Like, I've aged 80 80 hours. Hey. Dreams. How's that hurt? It actually good. Is it really good? It looks like Roblox. It's like it's like what I thought Roblox was gonna be let's go really you can like make your own stuff to the playing like Silent Hill PT on there's Road from Seoul. However, they made it out of the graphics look like like well, it depends how good the Creator is like you can put a lot of time into it and actually make it look like really nice or you can just like throw something together. We're just like some like stick figure jumping off a cliff headfirst and Technical Samson. Yeah, so it's pretty cool to I recommend it if you looks interesting. Yeah. Yeah. I don't actually have a PS4 it I kind of thought I'd rather just play Goat Simulator. Yeah, how many hours about 40 actually know probably more now I checked really yeah, it's 40 we have over a thousand hours all my dreary Auraria. I have 1600 on Minecraft and then another 1600 on Black Ops 3 hours. That's actually like the exact same stats as me. I grinded why. A cop's Thrive certify the last few ground. Yeah, Black Ops five is going up for was one of the worst games and one of the worst games ever blackout was the biggest quality member infinite Warfare. Even if our fire some oil our first contacts for that pretty much. I was searching big marks Discord profile is just gift. As P sex, so I just search on YouTube to see if there is Source material and it comes with this video that says pissing blowout and it's just these like Scott. What's the accent like Scottish got us for British, but it's just people like I got something for you babe. Say maybe Sonya but of a sprawling. Oh, yeah cheeky my don't want you to piss on me. We're halfway through and then she gargles it. You hear that do you have? Oh, yeah. Google me won't you? It's on YouTube. Yes. White on your range. It's like 10 years old really old. Yeah. What a movie. Is it a movie. It seems just like a squat. Well, it started out really funny and then it just ended kind of disappointing like, oh he just pissed in her mouth. That would be the like this one. It's like yeah, maybe I was expecting it, but it was kind of like It's gross. It's kind of growing and kind of didn't need that. You know, it's actually kind of funny. Hmm British like comedy shows like channel for you know, I'm saying there's some some good content on there. Just what this is one show called like the Taskmaster. I think it is where like they they asked these British celebrities to do like a random tasks. It's a different from America and humor. Yeah and of I mean it's a python is different from like lots of it's not like it's not like sketch comedy. It's like Reality competitions. I guess I like totally like totally staged like we're not at that stage it all day. It's that's probably one of the biggest difference. They're not staged like American television. I just remember watching the first episode of the British office and compared to the it's literally the exact same thing as the first episode of the OS and then it just kind of it deviates more and more and I didn't even realize it like they literally word for word like the same lines. Yeah, Magellan Springs all their yellow pranks. Well British art is that it's called the British office. No idiot. If the original British idiot, I actually think there might be I think I think they did a sketch on that because yeah, that was a schedule back to game shows RuPaul was on SNL. Okay. So I was looking through the internet and I saw this game show is people guessing I showed this to I guessing which objects were chocolate. It's like those Japanese game show where they just bite into random things around the room and they try this. Hey, that's alright. That's alright and wakes up every morning Purple Monkey special until he finds his pantry and just goes Pac-Man on it. I'll walk on walk on water. That's being okay room the joke kind of unfunny Streak For You guy from The Muppets. This is waka waka. Waka. Waka. Yeah except is on original and he's fat. At the okay banging grunting something's head hitting the table gaming stations down. There was a fat turd slapped into the side. Thank you. The Christmas Poo. Mr. Hankey the Christmas Poo. I've never once I say, oh you should you really should watch all these shows? You upgraded 24th? Yeah, it's streaming services have been taken over. Oh my God, there's like one for everything and just it's so hard to manage. Like if you want to watch anything. It's like oh Disney plus now Netflix Hulu HBO. It's you just can't have cable anymore. The whole point of streaming services was to make it still eliminate cable make it simpler. Now. They just become its stable how and then night like very thing they swore to destroy that even stream. The services he goes and deeper into like subscription services like Game Pass and like Xbox Gold and Everything has Originals now you'd like the hell's Facebook or what smells are just want you to pay for it. All right, you should just yeah access one of the that one sucks. Alright, okay for ya. This is the worst one. I got like two weeks. You just keep going up and up from there before 1920 Bobby's bit of a throwback. Where is there a look at used to be enough for companies to just make money by selling your information. But now it's like now I want you to pay us to sell your information all but Xbox game past is actually one that is way worth it - that is that is better at their launch. It was awful because that was like b-list games and I had like Forza 5 maybe was its best game. So now it's like starting to get even now you get it and you have like the new gears game you have like all this nice stuff how Boyd definitely one of the best solutions for the only thing that I can think of that Xbox is currently doing better than PlayStation is ver backwards compatibility PlayStation doesn't have that unless you get like the PlayStation Plus thing and that's only like 50 percent games only. It's kind of limiting. How do you think I'm getting white hat might have that there's been rumors that it might have it and if it does then Xbox just done I don't the next gen is coming out like later this year, right? It started where Xbox and Playstation were just neck-and-neck clothes come. Tension. Yeah, but it seems like what this generation of consoles Sony like finally decided to like make themselves stand out and like actually like wow didn't work because then now you mean make it a skyscraper like we already mentioned exactly. That's icebox. I don't I don't see it's fine. Everyone everyone's excited about it. They changed the fourth of five really just hiring format sleep really just groundbreaking. I don't know if I'm going to switch over because I have I have all my Xbox stuff linked up. I don't know if I'm gonna buy it. I'm not going to buy a new Xbox. I'd rather not use it. Nice, I'm just gonna wait I think when it's usually like they release it and then like probably three years into it. Then they start getting exclusives only for the Xbox that there were still making games for the street 360 up until like 2015. I think sure we can still buy like the Call of Duties and stuff. Yeah, the one will have a life lifespan, but it was it was drastically worse. I was worried. It was definitely worse. I kind of want to make the switch to PS5 because like there's such like good exclusives like last was part 2 and like switch taking a Last of Us gonna become an HBO show. Is it gonna be coming home? Darker than the gay. They're keeping the gay. Well, so you're gonna have to find really change that did they base the the characters on real people? Are they just going to find people who look close enough? I've no idea. All I know is that I mean like the baby model of yeah, that's because then I would work fine, but that's right and acknowledging detroiter with Daryl from Walking Dead is the main thing that is you make a live-action Goat Simulator show Hugh Jackman should be Joel for sure. Yep you Jax? Thank you would be willing to no problem. But I mean like that's what I meant. Yeah, we have a nice and just does not want to do Star Wars again. He just really did. He not do you like to climb the wall? I mean, I think he wants to say no, but also Harrison Ford wanted to say no to like everything. He's been in since Empire Strikes Back. Yeah, but he likes money a lot more than he hates Star Wars. So that's pretty much how it goes doing Indiana Jones. I know he's gonna go really Steven Spielberg. There was no he's not directing my Steven Silver's not to write out the name. Someone else's director. Having flashbacks to Last Jedi Crystal Skull part 2 she directed Crystal Skull students to learn. Yeah, I know but like mmm. Mmm. Mmm good movie though. Raunchy. Yeah. All right. We have actually just hit that time, but about done with this episode and probably the longest one we've ever put out close to a half hour. Let's go be monkeys on enjoyed this. Please feel free to happen that Discord monkey house. There's a link on our anchor page also disport dot-org search podcast were popping in right there. For the boys. Hey for the boys for the boys, and that's all I have to say. Thank you or our generous sponsor. And yeah, see now I got to figure out how to title this episode. Jeez. God hardest part. See you later.