All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. so With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did I I was I was able to I was able to tune in I kind of had her stream like closed a little but I could definitely I heard it. I heard it all. Okay, so so so you just had it on the side. Yeah. Yeah, then died. I died. I just did the same thing. Like I was just chatting with people in the Discord, you know, just the usual thing. Yeah, you you live in the safer work show. Yeah. Yeah, you know, it's fine. Well, I was watching because I didn't really have anything else better to do at the time thankfully honestly, but it was it was interesting. I think I could definitely say for myself that I've seen it all now, if I were to die tomorrow, I would be fine because I think I've seen it all having a food porn ASMR about Pop-Tarts. It's definitely a first for me at least. Yeah, man, like is it was pretty incredible experience, you know, like I'm not much into to interpret Pond, you know, but I got to say it really got my I got my turkey cooking. It was definitely an interesting experience to say the least. I never thought I'd be watching a cam girl do answer more. I mean the chat was going wild. It was it was a crazy time for sure. I mean know for sure who would have thought we'd be watching a VR can't animate a cam girl talking about Pop Tarts in rubbing her pussy with them. I definitely didn't see that coming at all. I could guarantee that well people. Do you saw something coming at least definitely right about that? I can't say for myself. Who's that? Who's that person in? This court that everyone makes the memes about the the one that has the Sleep problem. I'm sure you guys know who I'm talking about. Right doesn't like a Takeda me murdery. He needs no no, no. No, not him it took me. You know, I'm pretty sure that's a lot of people and just always see problems. He's absolutely brought a cursed cursed cursed with bad. So yeah. He definitely got a good one off about I could add we even need to know that he definitely enjoyed that one. Man, you should be a triple, you know, but do you want to know what really good my Rex going from last night screen? Well, what happened? We would you think man like thumb with the pants on--he said they're just really complete my life. Like I've been waiting my entire life for something to really make me feel something, you know, and when I saw those pants on his head It just blew my mind. I've been waiting for it for so long and finally Melody made me live my dreams and now I'm just cool but like just fucking get me into the sun. I'm done. I've definitely feel that man who would have fucking thought that the mean that us. The science team came up with putting pants on top of Tom's head when the games are fucking reality is that that was hilarious in the chat was blowing up. And the way that Melody she she played with him and she was so fucking confused and she was mad at Tom for doing what he wanted man. That was funny. I love that. It was honestly great. It was one of my favorite parts of the stream for sure. Yeah, like, you know just Thomas I was just the best like we all know why we really done this dreams, you know, like who cares about Pawn? Right. Yeah, it's all for Thomas all for Tom like he secured. He's a good boy. Like he's got that little round body at first and it was cute bunny ears and now he's got who wears the pants better than Melody does. Sure, but the quit the real question is do you like Melody and normal Melody do you like caffeine Melody? That's the real. That's the real question. Yeah. Oh she was definitely on caffeine yesterday. Oh, no, she'd often was I think she said that she had coughing the beginning of the stream me personally. I don't know man. I'm kind of on both sides of the coin here. I'm kind of like with the coin standing up on it. Side, it's like one on one side were she almost is I don't want to see completely different but she's like away clean. She's like super energetic and everything and it's cute seeing her like that. But I personally I think I kind of like her normal chill self just a little bit better personally. I got to say I wanted to drink even more coffee like I want her to be so hot and caffeine that she just keeps Ongoing like I love that kind of a man. I'm a big cup of guy myself and I don't get high from it anymore. But I love seeing other people do it. I'm not trying to start a war or anything. But you know, the T gang is still running strong, you know a certain T friend of ours did start his Your own see pirate team today can beat this court. Are you talking about a talking about Amy? That's not steal. But I had to revoke his steel and to this still wall at home. You license a few license. Yeah, like I needed that t review on this new this new teeth on my desk. three days ago But he hasn't even done it yet Wesley TV review saying send them into DM it to our Twitter, please speaking about or Twitter. You kiddo, you know Birds Twitter over at all. Now even alone Twitter tag. Wow, what a great fucking advertisement twitter.com slash the melody our Very professional. Oh, yeah, you know we have professionals we've been doing this for years. Just listen to how I'm saying three, right? You can hear in my voice that I know how to speak this language. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, you're fluent in language. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, no with her with coffee. I just don't want her to go overboard and I don't want to see her become rely on it because if she starts becoming relying on it, I think that that means her schedules a little bit too demanding on her. You know what I'm saying? Uh, yeah, like definitely doesn't need to make sure she gets enough rest, you know. And if you drink too much coffee and definitely see how he'd have trouble getting enough sleep as well. But just guess Tim just the one copy scream. What's a week? You pretty good? It's like just to get whole cap. So yeah speaking of chaos that that yellow wall yesterday. That was was it was like 83 minutes wasn't what I mean. Is that around the our that how long it lasted? What is that? It's the length of the street. Yeah, I think yesterday stream is like two and a half hours. But from what I've heard because I wasn't there the whole time watching but like Our deal was so long. It was crazy. And Omega was just obviously going ham on the base and just swing it up wore him out of his around. Yep, like like a true guy who swings hand was around. All right. I mean dude. Well when I first saw the yellow wall having Only Hell Yeah, Dude another fucking. Oh, well, I took my little toe key into you know, everything got a chip into the wall. But when I'm sorry kept going on for like three minutes in my okay, this is pretty long. This is so pretty fucking press of yellow wall. I want to go take a shower and I come back in the yellow wall was still going II literally was lost for words. I'm like, this is fucking insane. I mean, did we end up breaking ChatterBait last night? Yeah for sure. It crashed. Yeah, baby. Oh, yeah, split it into like the Red Sea by Moses. Really I could split it was cursed chasing for fucking Melody porn dude, like and don't honestly was crazy. And I was there when we actually like almost broke her brand new vibrator that that was fucking hilarious to me when her she had to restart her vibe. Reader might did that happen yesterday. Yeah, man yesterday night load. So many toki's were going off that it made her vibrator get fucking confused and it was set into manual mode by itself. Oh, she had to restart her vibrator see the fucking donation control again, man. It was crazy. And men speaking of vibrators. You know, what I'm really excited for is the fuck vibrator. Will you say that again? Yeah. I'm excited for the but vibrator my guy. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, man, and I wanted a want her to use both at the same time and let's see what's going to happen. Will she die? I wish you live positions coming out of her soon. ER legs could keep up man. That's a metaphor. Damn, I know obviously she's gonna have to start getting a fucking back stock of vibrators soon. Just just in case of fucking one dies mainstream. She could just hot swap that thing man. Now we like we spoke about how the coffee might have enough 8ff the bowl Olivet check on her, you know, but like it does how how stressed you think she actually gets like He suddenly in put a lot of pressure, you know, like you suddenly just blew up. So it's going to be a really stressful job, you know. Yeah, I mean, she's only I mean to be a good moment. She's only 19. So I mean, you know think of age Factor blowing up from the internet and having all these people starting to talk to you in the MU. If it's it's stressful plus you have fans that you have to satisfy on top of that and you also have to modify, you know, because Yet like Melodies models. She probably has to continuously work on it to make it even. To make it even better. I mean, she's probably always working on something. I mean for me personally man, I but I'm gonna go off on a little tangent here and still somewhat related to the subject. But how is she able to have a vibrator in her while standing for most of the time or three hours sessions to me? I would have fucking fell apart within the first fucking 30 minutes man. You know, like have you seen her try to do squats? Like he can't do a lot of them. So I'm not sure that you find that core strength. Amen fucking for all we know man Melody got the fucking strongest ABS in the goddamn Planet dude, goddamn titanium. But yeah, man, honestly, I I do think that is pretty taxing on her, but she's handling it at least from what she's showing us, right? Like obviously she could be hiding a lot from us that we're not seeing, you know, but yeah, From what she's showing us she's seems to be handling this pretty well and she is managing her time for what she could do just like last Friday. She took the evening stream away. Unfortunately, I was pretty upset about that but that you people go swimming but yes T gang. Well, hey, man, I got to sleep at night. You're figuring represent. Go seem to be handling a her job and time properly so far and it to me that makes me happy because I know that she's not over stressing herself with this, you know, and I can't really speak from experience. Right? I've haven't been a successful YouTuber. I haven't been a music Creator. I haven't been any typos successful content creator before so I can't speak on her behalf, but I would think man with them out. Of money that is rolling in the door with in just one month. Hey, it really has to like at least be very motivating with like synthetic energy in a way where she's just like hell. Yeah, man, let's get this stream today. At least that's why I love you. Like, you know, yeah we had definitely and yeah, like I'm I certainly know that I really want her to make sure she takes all the break she needs because like she just seems like great, wholesome person, you know like your roof glad it's like join his dreams, even if you don't care about the loose stuff too much because like she's just she's just so nice and energetic like gives us all some real motivating things to like think about and she's always nice to us. So like All right. We're riding some things in our Google Drive thing. That made me laugh. So I kind of had to turn off the microphone first and I love to train of thought. But anyways, I just think Melody's awesome and I think you always need to make sure she gets like a rest, you know. So because I'm sure all of us just want her to stay healthy and to care of herself because we can wait on her, you know. Hmm, and I definitely think it's I would be easier if she got more mods to because she doesn't have that many right now that that I do I do agree with um, she's just had such a big rating for what for the most part. I think the mods We do a really good job guys. There's rarely something that I see in the sea beach at that's shouldn't be in her child like a random fucking porn GIF or something or some random female or someone that's been hating on Melody for the most part the mods do pretty good to delete that. But then again, it doesn't really fucking matter because how fast her child usually is fucking going so there's both sides of the coin. We're like those mods got to be honest man and that job must be I don't want to say physically hard but like you got quick with that man. True. Yeah, and the like I know the reason that added a few new mods to the my team and there's no definite the definitely some curious and I was about to say some cute guys. There are also some cute guys that that is awesome guys. Oh you fry like, oh, yeah, you know, you know, you know, that's right. He's pretty cool. He's paying me guy and a chair would love So haven't been me from a chat. I'm just a filthy grade. Oh, yeah, you just want to the Grave you huh? Yeah, man, obviously everyone's favorite moderator, but talk about Ranch, you know, he's pretty cute. Yeah, but going back to the original topic how stressful is her job. I mean she definitely has a lot going for her. But like I said earlier, I think she's handling it pretty well at the moment. So I definitely would like to see what's to come in the future for sure. He alright. Alright. So one of the things here on the Google thing is so talking about the community and her Discord. Well, what do you guys want to talk about that? I mean just just the LA it both of those things in general. Like it's a community doesn't like that. I mean the discard is the community so we know for sure we were like fucking shit breaded get fucked the discouraged. I've only been here for a couple weeks and Discord and I and it is wholesome a lot of Of the chats pretty active. I mean everyone's overall nice and follows the rules and it's pretty rare that someone actually breaks them. So it's I mean, it's a good community and everyone's nice to each other and they welcomed each other. And yeah, it's wholesome and a boy Caleb are you if he keeps on shifting people just ahead. And I mean Bay I mean Bay is obviously known as the ray of sunshine paragraphs to every person. That's the thing too. I mean in this discard, you can become like somebody and people start knowing you as that person. You can become somebody who has very motivating Heavy D. And I mean, I'm like Santa After I mean Dell is obviously known as the Pepe boy and the guy that was going to Old Man the old man, of course. Yeah papa bones. He's obviously good think you mean a PP bones. Yeah Pepe bones that Bare Bones. That's my guy and obviously future is known for his to our Tech talks one street your starts going off of his tectonics man here and you're not stopping him. And it just happens man. I just man I don't even know how much I'm taking over safe for work. Yeah. I know you start talking about processors and CPUs. You just it's done. You're just done. Hey Mary, you don't want me talking about fucking a fucking podcast. I'll be going. Yeah. Hey man, if you ever need to fill the time just go nuts. There we go. So, I just want to talk my Evan I got gifted Nitro a little but on the Discord is definitely like the whole foundation of the community for sure. And I mean if you aren't part of the Discord, which would be fun kind of odd for someone to be. At least listening to this so early on while not being a Discord, but I guess cord and you're listening to this. I genuinely 100% recommend tipping $1 a patron enjoying the Discord because it is a truly unique experience being part of this community for the time that I have been in it, which I joined a week after her first string and To me. I was expecting a whole bunch of fucking horny as teenagers would be obnoxious voice Channel and fuck everyone's toxic is shit and it is the 100% exact opposite of that. I mean, it's truly fucking amazing how big of a server it is, but at the same time how respectful and wholesome everyone is at the same time eluding back someday somehow he's able to type fucking 10. Grass within research on my my mom's phone number. So I mean it's fucking impressive now then like I haven't met a single person on that server yet, but I can't find anything. Awesome about right the so many amazing people that like It's incredible. Like everybody's got some cool stories. Then we all share cool things in part. We all have cool things. You can't write like well a lot of us obviously like anime obviously and they don't sleep on you like sir. I'm done. Yeah, I just found it through Anna memes on on Reddit, right ha ha Yeah, man, like everybody's just cool. They're like it. So it always has this real great atmosphere and I really appreciate everybody they're like chatting with all these amazing people really helps make my day feel better and I just always want to like you what I can see You'd like give some of that back. It's all these amazing people that helped make my day. That's great. My days will great. Yeah, man. Let me tell you it's it's funny that you say that but making everyone's day when literally you alone the carrier's the safer work Channel there. I guarantee you make so many people's days and such a short amount of time to its honestly. What you do man? Good. Thanks. I've just is try. To like get people what make it meet, you know, like people are just so awesome. And especially the people in this Discord. I've just amazing always amazing and just blows my mind that a place like this court for a literal can go right can be full of so many wonderful people. It really just it's breathtaking. So again, if you somehow found this podcast without actually being in the Discord. Just do yourself a that real great favor donate a dollar or more to Melodies patreon and join us because we'd love to have you because I'm sure you're making too. As your as your mom I have raised you well, because I mean we've all been here for it in the description minute. What's your what's your go-to boys like, you know when you see it when you see them all on the Discord, you know, who are the who your favorite people on the DC? Because we all have favorites and we we know it. Okay. Okay. I'll start off them. Um, This melody don't count. No, he don't count. I gotta say silver from yesterday for sure. He kind of cute kale you of course, obviously, it's why you're called Brett and Brett see your boys. He's not maybe a few other people. I know that I miss him. Boy Irish. I may be coming through. He's looking to get on a podcast soon actually, so it's gonna be fun episode talking with him. Thanks. Yeah, you're not there's actually quite a few people that have been looking to join the podcast which is honestly fucking to me. It makes me really happy because like I didn't really when I first had this idea and I was talking with me, I wasn't really so sure if it was something that was even like wanted like if there was a demand but for forget the positive responses that we've gotten in the multiple people that have been contacting me and be emza bubbling. Hey, you know beyond our episode or Hey, when's the next time so I'm like it warms my heart. Yeah man get back and I don't think goes that accounts. Everyone likes ghost ghost. Daddy here. You are goes daddy. There's a few others that I can't list. Of course my boy Romeo. I love my dude. I'm leaving the best for last I haven't talked to Klaus that much but he's pretty cool guy every time I do talk with him. But of course Bay, you know, we will this word we got that natural connection brother, you know. Yeah, and you're basically my husband, you know, my husband. Hey babe, it's your turn. Oh man, you know get you just all those just fucking stole my list. What am I going to say? No, you know like though he's an awesome guy. He's an old man still know some guy. He's helped me out. Sometimes when I need to just chat. He's too old but it's monster. Great. Yeah, man. You got it. You got it. You got to keep your goons down. But also you gotta appreciate when they have some good news and some good some good PPS. I mean peppe's Oh, and of course my sweet boy kale. I mean my mom my sweet mom kale. He's a really cool guy. Of course. He gifted me this coat Nitro. So that's pretty good my book and two kids. He's got the sweet sweet buttery buttery smooth voice. Honestly. I heard as he is best feet on my Quarry. I don't want people just got to here. Especially not especiall not till he's already mad at me for holding hands with people and of course I could go on about a lot of places all over people. You said already as well. I just wanted everyone to agree that all those guys are super awesome, too. But I don't I don't want to just repeat the same things. You said pretty much but yeah, like it's also Snipes. He's cool dude sniffs. Yeah, he's yeah, he's definitely people are forgotten. Oh, yeah. I do like that do like being deaf and ranches. Well, well well mods, but we also cool even if they if the even if it'd been me I still love him so so kill do you have like a unique list that? Definitely. Okay. Okay, obviously you two obviously bam My Boy Bread staying at least owe your youthful. I mean I played with a lot of people so overnight it gives it gives me a hug every time I start talking so wholesome so awesome chica. Average I fucked average soda get them out to obviously Snipes I play with a lot. Yeah. So other the other silver what it's over 63 369 really cool. Yeah 69 got him got him canine is pretty cool too. Oh, yeah, we're fight. I mean if I had to sit favorite, you know things since we're playing favorites here, and it's probably it probably be honestly. I like who I am active in the chat room. Is she candy, but I've talked with her every day and it's she's really she's really fun to talk to. Oh my boots cheating on me. God damn it. Whoa. Hey, I mean when I'm having a bad day, and she's there just talk to her. You know, it's cool. Platypus E. I forgot to mention to I said did you see the role that he has a scene? He keeps making a wall of quotes from me as I got to mention my diet and ski, I'm pronouncing the streaming himself making a sandwich before. I think he I mean it was food. If I don't know if he is making his own fucking amazing. Gained renewed right he's called. Yeah. I mean he hosts a lot of jackbox party pack sessions in VC, which is really fun to see I mean, basically what I'm from what I'm getting from all this is that like basically the entire safer working and all the other chat channels matter. Yeah. I don't touch NSFW like every time of and then the mute scientist when the stream is happening. But everyone everyone was just so nice. Yeah, man, it's truly amazing. So I just I just wanna say right I don't often go that but we not safe for work gang still super lovely. People are still love all of them and the still fun to talk to as long as you're not trying to strip you naked, but they're trying to do that pretty often to Yes. So what do you guys think about the potential stream that might be actually happening tomorrow. Hopefully that the twit this which stream yeah, man her potential twitch stream happening tomorrow and or Saturday, unfortunately, I'm probably going to miss both of them because I'm going to be working which fucking sucks because she's gonna get that sub button within a day and I mean, yeah, I mean they're made there's gonna be a bunch. two numerators I mean Twitches really just it's that's a whole new audience that she's gonna deal with ou and twit. I'm just saying like Twitter moderators are gonna be like watching like a hawk like they're gonna be seeing if she does something because I'm sure there's moderators on Twitch that I already know what she does for a living. No. Yeah decile. I am definitely think they're going to keep an eye on her just to make sure I mean cuz I mean, do you guys know how the how the whole affiliate and partnering thing works? Yeah, I do because on that I'm afraid of myself. Oh shit. I know I know for sure Mel can get Affiliated but I do not think she can get partnered sadly just with which is contract and all that. I mean if she got partnered she could only stream on Twitch and not see being so here's the thing with that. No, I think use a there's a fine line on what that defines because if you really think about it, then then talk about all the cam girls out there right that have patreons and only fans only fans could be considered a strings like But what I'm trying to say is though is like what she's doing on CB is completely unrelated to what she's doing on Twitch. I mean that is and you have to hang up the argument also, like imagine if ninja were to do New York City stream on Twitter, right? Because it's super simple. You just open up the fucking app and click a button right twitch. Well, obviously twitch already been got rid of fucking into goddamn, but like twitch isn't gonna just go We can't fucking do that man on Partner. They're not going to do that because they know that with the amount of people behind them. It's gonna be a bad money move for twitch. They are smarter. Yeah. I mean if she I mean she also needs a consistent twitch schedule which with their current CV like its current ChatterBait schedule. I don't see that happening. I mean, I mean, I think really think that twitch streams are really going to make her scheduling worse and her stressed out even more than she already could be. I think that what you'll do is that she might just simply remove like make some of the streams stream times for currently 4 CB just make them twitch streams instead right? Because that way you can still like have time to do all the numbers. stuff, but she still gets to do both like maybe For example, one of these couldn't Friday streams will be just be turned into a Twist ring. Yeah, and so on because he really liked it doing keeping. The cheddar burger is a lot ChatterBait screams right now and then adding likely what like free twitch lead to something week if you need to keep that like consistent thing there. Like that's just gonna be too not much, especially considering. She also wants to like chat with her community and respond to the end said all that. Like you'll get way too stressed doing all that. Oh, no, I definitely agree with that but I will say one thing though with twitch. She's not going to have a vibrator in so now there's a twitch is like late, which is very serious about their bands. They will ban. I like a few days ago. Excuse me. You see got banned. Because I've been what was it? Like I think he's playing like an anime game and there was a little titty slip and they were like twitch was quick with that ban. He's on band now, but oh we're fast. Yeah, he is he was she straight he was dreaming yesterday. Okay, cool, but that's when I was like, she's just going to be playing games. I don't know if she's gonna be wearing her equipment while she's streaming because if she Still playing VR titles, I could still see that being physically demanding but she's just chilling at like a table or something then it's something that could be fit into the schedule. Obviously something on like maybe Thursdays right where she doesn't use dream or something like that. There is room and even replacing some of the ChatterBait streams, which ultimately I do see that coming down to being the move that she's going to make it only makes sense. Yeah. And with twitch being a thing that's going to give her content for YouTube. Oh definitely who is she's gonna be growing both of those communities at the same time and having that Kickstart of the science team and the whole chatter beat Community is going to be really fucking awesome for her because she's gonna blow up right off the bat and then she's gonna be on the fucking front pages. So people find her even quicker, you know. Mmm Stephanie Stephanie, yeah, and you know, I'm just really excited to see like how many people are going to tune in to the first stream on Twitch. Like will she be able to get to top that they like will she get so many thousands people thousands of people watching that she'll just rise straight up there or will be a Slow Burn. Honestly that that's something that like I'll tell you from one on her first dreams. They are going to be very big. I I could be Batman. I'm willing to bet on her being on the front page of twitch for sure and she's gonna make whatever game that she plays. It's going to be on one of the top lists for the games being played. I guarantee that because alone I'm Thing to see at least on her first stream. I don't know man. I'm gonna be generous I'm gonna say probably 20,000 people dude named it. That dad like that it yeah, that is pretty generous. Yeah, so that again like she does have what 100 and like 50-something thousand Twitter followers. Right. Yeah. Yeah, this is her schedule for when she does history because she could Target it in a Time manner. Where a Hurry you fanbase is able to watch in conjunction with the Eastern Standard over here and nail and then she will hit that 20K. I guarantee 100% but if she does it around like an 8 p.m. EST we might be seeing more like a 8,000 or 10,000, you know, but she's still able to hit those numbers fall on ChatterBait. So with it twitch being a safer work platform you have more people. They're able to watch because you can watch a much more certain conditions. You know, I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah the thing which which is definitely that like consistency often means a lot and talk about consistency. Right a big thing that also keeps people coming back is games. It's famous play like for example, you know all the big Hostin players when we stop playing Hearthstone the usually really just don't drop so many views. and when something about that, you've got to wonder like what will Melody play when she said streaming like what do you guys think? She's pretty from what I remember. She's pretty geared towards she doesn't from what I've seen because she talked about it on her like chattery at one of her streams to see her just requesting games like crazy. But from what I've heard from what I like seeing and what not. She's one of like interested in story-driven games like she wants to play. What's it called? What's the game coming out? It's like GTA but super futuristic was super future. It's like cyberpunk cyberpunk 2077. For damn lights. She's definitely interested in single player games and she said no to horror games. But what I'm hoping is that she'll play games that what's the audience play to my Jack box or tabletop games games is like that one of the things that I heard her say, you couldn't quote me on this. It was a couple streams ago though. I don't know it was probably three or four streams ago. I remember her talking about wanting to play dead by daylight which I found interesting because she doesn't want to play any horror games but dead by daylight could definitely give you a jump from person playing and there was a few people that she wants to play that with so that will definitely be a fun stream because it definitely sniper is the Killer and I'll be fun and so I want to ask you want to see her play Minecraft to I'd be really fun to see She already said no to Roblox ruin. Yeah, and I'd like to see it play like Terraria. I'll just love some Terraria. Yeah, but another thing I would also like to see her do on Twitch is definitely like audience interaction interaction like because a lot of a lot of like especially like Fortnight streamers, they'll do like Sub sub day where they'll take some like subscribers from the audience and they can play games with them. Like I think it'd be cool. If Melody had something where the people watching can also play get a chance to like play with her for a bit for sure. So what kind of games would you like to see her play though? Oh, I think for like content that would be up like Jack boxes. Definitely at my number one because that would be so funny to instead be so fun to watch. Okay. Yeah, like I think maybe something like I don't know stardew Valley would be fun you know it's a chill game like it let's pay attention to like chat as well you can play it with friends she can it's kind of like a dating Sim some ways you know like you likes to talk about how he's played a lot of those games and she can date some cute girls even murdered and make a cute little bit girls cuter my bad I don't mean to cut you off but no worries man fucking games I play in a way too much time into it I would like to see her play OverWatch give it a try because your me out you could have Up to five other people playing with right? Yeah good for custom lobbies can be big as 12 people will be good to have you know rotations with her viewers and oh, yeah, and with all the custom games, they're out there whatever that she wants to play is definitely potential out there. They can make it really Yeah, yeah, definitely. This is gonna be a really toxic game at the same time, which I don't know. We didn't spend the community but we're gone. She also said she's not gonna play. I don't think I'm from what I remember. I don't I think she said she's not going to play any rage games like rage-inducing better purposely made to make you angry so my getting over Um, yeah, I don't think she's gonna play anything oof. Yeah. I mean, I remember I can't fully remember and she said that but from what I'm pretty sure she did say that man. I just really love to see the play Dark Souls, but I know she won't know she's not gonna fight she's already said no to blood-borne. So I'm pretty sure she and she said no to near taught him on which I was like, yes. She did. She sent in here that the 2p has such a nice ass. All right. I was everyone know I was like dude near Tama is such a good game like She like single player games. So I thought for sure she'd play something like that. You know, what would be really great if you played some fantasy coating and then we could have killed and it approaching articles and I wouldn't have to play the game game alone and you want I mean she I'm trying to remember. Yeah, so I think it might be on her Twitter, but she said she was going to do a poll for I think there was like going to be for game. It's on what you could vote for that. She's going to choose from for her to play because she said she doesn't want people like telling her what to play which I get. It must be annoying rude. I don't know when she's gonna do the poet. She said she's gonna do one. She said she was gonna do tomorrow. So I think she's gonna do it tomorrow. But I mean, you know, she can't she's can't she's been known to cancel streams and Delay them so I mean, who knows what she's gonna do wasn't it? Last night's dream that like she first elated half an hour and then decided like 10 minutes before that half hour was spent on. Yeah, and another thing I think she needs to take the stress off of her. It's to have somebody like dedicated towards ripping and pulling the vod's and uploading. Does that mean she has her patreon stream from like two or three weeks ago? yeah so I definitely think she needs like somebody to or a team of people to like pull vod's and just upload them yeah like this is just like the one thing with the patron the streams is that you just be like completely hear that someone almost certainly will just go ahead and throw that up on all kinds of sites all kinds of sites you mean oh yeah I'm sure I'm sure That vote is somewhere. But yeah, I mean she doesn't have to really upload it on patreon. But I mean if I were her she probably should because I'm sure patrons with get angry like once you didn't get to watch it. Hmm. I mean because it doesn't say in the role in like the list of rewards you get. It doesn't say that show upload the bod. It just says password stream, but it just makes sense to upload the bud. No, for sure for sure. And that's something that she's going to learn very quickly wouldn't doing twitch that like it requires a lot more people to help with take care of then compared to ChatterBait for sure because oh, yeah don't just meet all bunch more moderators that can be very aggressive because with twitch there's things that your chat could do to get you banned those the moderators need to be like we need people. More people are going Mega moderate the twitch chat, but at the same time she needs editors and stuff like that man, cuz she needs to start pumping out content to those kind of platforms and like her patreon like her YouTube and all this stuff. But I'm sure that she has all this stuff planning in mine and she's just taking slow, which honestly I respect because I mean she's taking the proper time to think about all these things and how to do them properly. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so what do you guys think about her current merch and what would you like to see from the future? I think because there are two things I kind of want to see and kind of went to see like a Tom plushie. I think I would be kind of A fun thing to have and also sfw merch I know people in the Discord can walk around in public with that stuff, but I can't it just I can't do it. I want to wear something that I can that if people look at it and I don't feel like self-conscious or anything man just like something but just as like roast glass or whatever, right? Yeah. Just just saying sfw like, it's a clear reference. Until what it's from. Yeah, it's not like it's not like gross or anything. Like like you think she's going to like what we're t-shirt or something on the in the twitch streams. So if you could decide using that for some like safe for work. Mitch right. Yeah instead of always. I mean, I'm sure people have already uploaded like fan merch so those people are quick. So one of the things I really want to see personally because I could see myself rocking. This really fucking hard is a hoodie. Um that oh, yeah hear me out hear me out. I like a hoodie me personally, I'd probably get it black ain't it has in the left titty right McColl the left titty area it would have the her nice and tight Industries logo right and then on the back it will say I'm with the science team I think a science team shirt would be really cool to for sure for sure yeah in that hoodie I would drop money for and I would be safe for work because like people yeah yeah man I loved one in pink I was just laughing because I mean I support it through patreon but I really don't want to give ChatterBait my money so I think it would definitely be a good way for her to get more support and there's people that agree with me to I've talked to loads of people who do the same thing there graze on ChatterBait they don't they don't want to give them their money yeah I mean ChatterBait also just takes that huge as cut out of it take 50% And yeah. I mean, it's crazy. Yeah, because like meanwhile if you get a good deal with twitch, you can just just just so much better. Right? I think it which takes I believe like 50% as well. Oh, yeah, but yeah, they take 30, but if not, they take 50, I believe that this you can also get an even better deal than 30 if you're part of a big enough Network or something. those people your top creators what they call them then yeah you can get the ultimate deals in your contract yeah because I mean that's one of the good things about twitch's I'm sure I'm pretty sure like the contract is like easily you can customize it that you can ask them stuff to change on it and that's one of the nice things about that platform is that there's so like understanding with it you know they don't have the hottest track record but they they listen to their creators you know I know for likes much smaller creators they've been wanting encoding settings for a long fucking time now which gives like the small creators the options and their streams have different resolutions because that used to be limited to just Affiliates and partners and now everyone has that which is pretty fucking cool but yet back Homer chuckling. Oh definitely Rock a cap right with the nice and tight Industries for sure to all that stuff would go super fucking hard. I would love that man. Oh, yeah, but yeah, I definitely see more merch and I want to see don't get me wrong. I love all the custom art and all the artists has art that's being put on the merch but I would like to see something that actually uses her. Mom. Excuse me her model. That's you. Yeah, and and yeah just generally stuff that's also uses the means I come out like also because we had generally safe for work unless you start taking some of you real dude ones. but that's real kind of stuff and although community members will build to TOA your Melody fan without you feeling super weird about weighing like and hence I should in public gonna what I want what I want is a Melody figurine oh yeah oh yeah for sure like like an anime figuring like I'm Chris yeah yeah yeah that's less all those cool things and I want one with a big fuel to cook but I need to be detachable so I can take it off I don't want to look at it through your you're looking for features huh yeah or do I have the package for you know yeah but the thing is with figurines as you need money just the whole production of going into making a figuring takes so much time and energy it's true but one of the biggest things is usually getting the model because there are companies that you just send them the model and they take care of the rest and yet knowing our community I have no doubt in them to make fucking models and poses and knowledge at all nabbing I'm sure I'm sure dizzy Digi has already thought of this considering he's the one who made the model of Melody so yeah well he's not just like that I've been awake for at least 16 hours now and still going still kicking um well you know definitely just more Merchants General safe for work merch for sure I would like to see more again like I alluded to earlier more unique and iron and a sub W work fan or dude the stuff that people have been pumping out which in such insane quality as well like if you check her Twitter and the people at her with all these art that they make of her it's fucking amazing oh yeah do you like IBS a BS apricot that she is so good good at drawing I mean I'm also I'm currently in the idea of showing Melody and a cat girl like a girl Melody that's what oh yeah I'm going on Drawn right yeah But I mean if an artist they're really good, honestly, I've seen some insane fanarts already. Any people in the Discord in voice chat. We'll just stream them drawing. Yeah, like there's I've seen so many streams of people literally just drawing. Yeah, and there's been a few times where I genuinely watch them because it's pretty fucking interesting. Honestly as someone who could barely straw draw damn stick figure, you know, I mean, it's pretty fucking cool watching other people do something. I can't fucking do it also pretty fucking awesome yeah now speaking of fan-out right one of the three much the closest thing I've gotten to a shout-out on ability stream was when I've done being your fan on with her and she called it out in one of the earlier streams and like you said we're two pieces but baby out of that up and I definitely said one and he'd seen it and he practiced on Twitter and it's terrible but I still felt great about being acknowledged unfortunately personally I cannot speak up but um I can't speak for that but definitely being acknowledged must have felt really fucking nice butter yeah man but you didn't say my name but it's still nice you know like it's just feels pretty good you just get a like having a reply to you on Twitter so he was nice because you do feel like If you like she said acknowledge you in a way as you seen what you've done but said yeah, I mean another thing I want to do is make an animation of like Melody walking into her kitchen and something like Pop-Tarts. I've got an idea in my head of what I want. It's just it's gonna be difficult. I'm Still Still bacon in mind is not ready to come out the oven yeah it ain't ready it's I've got much like the Pop-Tarts because I have a very creative line so I mean I thought of tons of stuff I can do already oh God definitely feel that I am fucking creative minds who I just can't put it out yeah it comes to anime for some reason so I can just pump out pump out like new anime ideas I'm too fucking Studios dude I know I'm creating a webtoon she didn't know or you really yeah that's the story is in the works the character design okay also in the works you know want to plug anything no I don't have it actually I don't have it ready or anything yet I'm still like I'm signing it okay you want to plug your own personal Twitter to keep people updated or whatever I tell you if you'd used to it I have a Twitter but I don't eat Mamie's Instagram and Discord okay okay am I discarded or my Instagram name is kind of wait it's black I think I have the crack out though had but I keep seeing it pump out I'm definitely a little bit more rule 34 it so you know definitely I don't know if I'm just speaking on my own or if I'm speaking for multiple people there neither I think of you I think we want to see more seems more the rule 34 I think you speak for all lot of people especially safer Chat, we all like want some hand holding. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Nobody here. Hold on. Yeah hand holding a cinema roof. So yeah, where is she? When is she gonna do that? There's someone I can't remember. I think that's something that she's looking to do on either twitch or you yeah, because when she did her I mean I call it quote unquote a s wine because it's I mean, it's not really it's summer but like on the stream yesterday. but I mean it's going to be interesting to see for sure um no yeah I really thought honestly that's probably going to be one of the best things I'm gonna definitely enjoy from her I'm I'm just speaking on myself here but like it's little fuck you it's a little bit on hard for me to get off to Melody I don't know why I think but I think a lot of that comes down to my respect for her I treat sorry no it's fine melodious tune Augusto of the mic I definitely like respect or two level world like I see myself if I try to do anything lewd it's like it feels like I'm degrading her name like I don't know man I just I respect her I like her a little bit too much fuck you they're trolling me in the Google Document but oh yeah yeah I treat Melody is like a just chatting streamer like on Twitch - pretty much why I joined this because the conversation she has I mean it generally It generally does feel like a just chatting stream oh yeah man I mean if you if you just if you'd like get rid of the fact you know taking her clothes off and all of that piece yeah she's just chatting that's pretty much what she does and that's what I'm saying is I I love about it too because it's one of those things where I could just have it open on the side of my second monitor or something like that and just be doing whatever I'm doing you know and I can't listen along I love that I love that yeah the only thing that I'm probably going to miss from twitch is those occasional modes yeah her when she goes into Joy mode oh yeah and I think one of the funniest things to is on a discard especially like yesterday because future you were in there too and I caught you you everyone just went mute mode when she was doing the answer one like every the whole science team just went mute hey ma'am I uh I have an excuse I swear I wasn't going dark it was because I was recording for scientific purposes yeah definitely cool stuff with what she's able do but so when you think her next of the arch a meetups gonna be I know on her Patron a doesn't allude to every single week and it leads to more of a like at least a once a month thing or something like that if I read the yeah really come on I mean I I'm excited for it okay what the lie I mean do you were you there last time when she when she did her wasn't unfortunately everybody has heard so many good things for me too man I saw a few Clips here and there they were fucking hilarious the one with the bus besides that and I wasn't so yeah it was I mean it was good but it was really chaotic like even just 40 people which I think was a little too much for her because I really like a guy what's his name valkyr her He was streaming it on Steam in like as soon as he got a little close to her the whole the whole stream would just start lagging like so many people just swarm her and screaming and plus. It doesn't help that the server crashed like the whole VRC Meetup just crashed because I think someone used an Emo or something then it just froze the entire thing and Kuro had to like scramble through to find everybody. Annette man kuroh is an absolute Legend here I mean I'll give it to him he is he is a really good lad honestly it does a lot of work hmm yeah he definitely deserves all the video Whatever stunt to him in safe work chat yeah and one thing I think she should change about beer and meet up the very area seem you know is the first come first serve kind of kind of thing well I definitely I agree with those should be something that should be done with like a random number generator or something like that or I was in conjunction with the system where once a person has been picked they can't get it again well not again but like in the next time tell everybody has got a fair chance yes it does like a full cycle yeah I was thinking it was because her last VRC was like four hours and I think everyone should I think it should be like an hour like every hour per degree okay yeah / Groove because it's 40 people I mean if you multiply that that's a lot of people that can talk to her yeah no for sure for sure I definitely agree with that and I'm sure that she noticed this after because was that her first one I think that was a second yeah well with all the feedback that we've given I'm sure that she's taking into account with all this so for the next one I'm expecting to see something better that's right her model was broken which is kind of funny oh really yeah her height was like her motto was like eight or nine feet tall was massive wasn't been hard to be honest smell stuff yeah I mean and that's the thing you got to be careful at VRC is there's definitely trolls in they like I mean I'm pretty sure they're going to start making rules like no big models allowed or no crazy effects when any like color changes for people who have like epilepsy yeah yeah for sure for sure because they have to kill everyone I mean yeah and it's funny is out of all the people in the VRC there was like I think three people who actually had a headset the rest are all desktop I mean if I join because I want to join eventually I'm not going to go up to her to be honest I'll probably just be on the side watching over you posted on three baby what's funny is she a ghost I think she said she if you get close to her like during the meet up she's gonna touch you like gonna touch you so and she's already said from now on she will ask before oh no I lost my train of thought I definitely agree with the whole cycling thing though of people one thing I want to see which could definitely super fucking cool right is a VR chat movie theater meet up so yeah watch something together that yeah she was talking about the next time they may be it has should be like Taco Bell world that will be dead she honestly does but yeah man I would love to like being like a movie theater with fucking everyone just watching like an anime movie or some shit like that that'd be cool when are you supply of your Jedi actually I was just chilling like one of the movie theater world and just watch fucking random ass movie dang why when I played via I mean I met a celebrity on VR YouTube Star yeah it was it I didn't I mean you don't expect it I was just if this is when Uganda Knuckles was a massive thing okay so yeah I was just you got a Knuckles world just messing around and all of a sudden do you know who do you know who annoyed J 4 5 6 has no soap he's a popular YouTuber known for his like zombie like Call of Duty zombies and he joins he has for he has 4.18 million Subs right now on YouTube maybe the world and he just starts talking to me I'm just like wait he's trying to cook because I was a Ugandan Knuckles Avatar our and he was trying to convert me and when I converted he was like I want to kiss you come here it's like dude I was I was dying Jamaican woman YouTube videos I did I was I was like a dream man do you got illegal stuff so you can see you I gotta I gotta find it was a long time ago obviously but oh it was a boy so it's a it's a young boy young boy kale yeah that's what I was yeah our chat I just want to move I plan on buying a valve index yeah I mean II need a better job if I want that because if I get a valid index bro I need a new pc and I'm definitely getting you to build mine or like to help me because I don't know I'm sure my mom always available man and tiny one listening hit me up I'm future man bro like I give the best tech support you definitely do because I mean I got ripped off with this this computer I have it was supposed to have liquid cooling and it doesn't and it also doesn't have it doesn't have like a CD reader Intuit already inside device everyone in 2020 I mean no because my car doesn't have an updated radio so I have to burn CDs dude by a radio bro I could show you how to swap your radio in your car to die I'm just I'm just I'm actually doing it to my 2012 or Civic right now because it doesn't like a modern touch screen radio and stuff like that so I'm planning on swapping that so we could be stronger for the speaker's I want to buy for it to ya planning on doing the same honestly because I'm tired of doing the CDs yeah no yeah definitely agree with all that so before we start wrapping this up I want to talk about one more thing you think Moe Dee's mom is hot okay no man you even have to ask that has me curious is like better parent liquid her parents think about this you know like what do they know what she's doing is she like connected with them okay so we're out of the lore right now we're talking about the real life parents honestly I'm I'd be surprised if she said what she's doing to her parents but with her making all this money man out eventually eventually their parents are going to know right I mean she's done the thing is too if she's done voice acting before was she I said, how is she? Okay. Yes. That's that's why people recognize your voices because she's done voice acting for stuff. We were uh-huh because I did I do think your voice still sounds familiar. I just don't know from what Buddha the moment I first heard her voice, but I fell in love like that that voice man kept getting it wasn't even the porn. It wasn't the real model wasn't I wasn't? No that was just purely that voice dude. You know, what what's insane to me? Right is that She saw that like I said Caleb this before but she sounds exactly like someone I used to have a crush on like someone actually knew. Oh, yeah, that's like she's also an American right? She lives in the same time zone sauce exact same. She's the same age through this is the same person dude. It's the same. the same person like you so much kid I thought man but the one thing this that Melody said she didn't know you kinda Knuckles and my friend did know the snow and enough because she's the one who showed up and um I was to me okay one missing link man so cool yeah so close yeah I really want to Tom plushie no no yeah with pants on the hood though of course I want you need you should be able to take the pants off and then for he'll like the bottom whatever I'll put them on yourself man I said I think because I've heard curl talked about it before the whole plushie thing because they're just be a bunch of issues but I was just telling him to do like a limited make it like a limited merge to see how well it does oh dude I guarantee you it's gonna sell out and you know they're dried out to open another time window is this concern and I mean I'm pretty sure it was just concerned like about the money and all that because it is cost bear it is very costly remove course is going to be costly but that's one of the things like it's exactly what you said they're just gonna run a limited run maybe like 500 of them or something right and then C and C and it's gonna sell out it is going to sell out right done we get more we get more that's a big brain thinking right there I'm still waiting on the body pillow and all that stuff and I haven't bought no murch person yet I haven't either maybe because like the posters are really tempting for me honestly but I'm waiting to move out before I buy stuff because I'm not trying to buy more shit the moment I move out and I have to move more shit gotcha but yeah man honestly I think we had a really good fucking chat and I thank you guys so much for coming and obviously you being this co-host man what do you think you're going to take the reins and have his stream yourself man future man so you're Michael be a lot better before I hope they can start hosting his own stuff like he needs a little Michael Gray but he said he's treating himself as the Birthday Twins Melody I don't know if you guys know but Melody I think it was two days ago she joined the Visa no it was yesterday she joined the VC and discard a ruse so upset when I heard that be and why she was using a two hundred dollar laptop and it was so funny because her voice just kept cutting out oh my God she couldn't speak that much I felt soap dude there were 70 people in there talking Discord was broken like anytime someone started like everyone just starts screaming but it was terrible this probably not a good fucking experience from that weight so I just left and not with ghost Daddy and BC Mmm Yeah it's still the chill chat how are you if you love yoga all right guys well then again I'm running for an hour and 30 minutes in the Z crazy how ya been that long doesn't that feel like - yeah it's really good really both long episode man got some bonus Melody hour and a half there we go I've got to take a Tylenol yeah well I gotta take me some NyQuil knocked the fuck out now that so who do you think is going to be on tomorrow where are you doing are you even doing one tomorrow tomorrow because she's dreaming I'm not I might record tomorrow but the plan so far is not to upload tomorrow I want to do a Bi weekly bi-weekly and fucking retarded by daily yeah I need to keep up a little bit with her stream because with it being about Melody so it could be more about the past stream so people could get update on those mr. you know I'm saying yeah yeah man but yeah so I might record tomorrow I think there's a few people that want to record Bay if you want to come in man you're always welcome Jeremy yeah it's not my podcast it's not your podcast it's everyone's here is podcast right yeah man is this Aunty has the science nice podcast you got free time and just let me know yeah man but do you think I'll have time so I'm sure I'll be here tomorrow as well sounds great man all right well thank you guys so much for joining and thank you for being part of the melody our my name is future I'm your host and I'm welcomed by the beautiful Bay and kale from their hit them up man you guys later man peace peace all right and there's that concludes the podcast for today I just want to let you guys know that so far it's a schedule for any future podcast seem to be on a by daily schedule so we will be recording as much as we can but podcast will be released every other day and yeah so thank you guys for listening and if you have the time you know share around the podcast though let it be known because I'm sure there are many people out there that that don't know it's a thing and to have people listen to something that they might have missed out on the past three more how the community is doing you know so once again thank you guys for tuning and I'll catch you guys on next one peace