Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired.And other days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you want to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of days.Are these just sure whether or not he's got the ability to pull it off. So I got a quote that I wrote on this particular topic and I'm going to go through his email because lately I've been doing a lot of to majority of my phone sessions. I've been having lately are guys that either trying to figure out what their purposes they know what their purpose is, but they're struggling or they're already working and something that they love and they've kind of hit the wall and they've just they're starting to wonder whether or not they should just completely go and do everything else maybe sell their business and start something completely new or how to transition out of it. And if you've read my second book mastering yourself, which you can read for free at understanding relationships.com. All you got to do is subscribe to the email newsletter. I layout in there the path that I went through and continue to go through over the course of my life because one thing that's always been consistent with me is learning to listen to my heart my curiosity my intuition And what feels right so in other words if I'm working at when I was younger and I was working a job and I feel like I kind of learned everything I could learn and gained all the wisdom and knowledge I could gain I was lurking looking for the bigger better deal. In other words a new company a new place to go work for where I could be challenged and feel like I was continuing my Evolution. Like I was continuing to grow grow my reserve of knowledge develop my skills my gifts my talents so I could continue to get to the next level because the average person when they recognize that they're not happy or they don't have the same internal enthusiasm. They once did for their job. They don't really do anything about it. They may go and complain to their spouse their sleeping significant other or their friends yet. They really never do anything to change their trajectory and life and it really is an art more than a science or a switch that you flip because the reality Is most great things take a minimum of a decade or more and the average person maybe if they stick with it on the long term. They're going to stick with something maybe two to three years and then when it doesn't give them the success they want they just give up and the danger that you run when you have something that you just quit and you give up on is that you never really take any more risks beyond that as you get older because you look back at that one time that you failed. And you just think that that's the way it's always going to be for you but the reality is most significant at all. Successful people will tell you it really boils down to persistence sticking with things way longer than the average person is most people simply aren't willing to do it. You don't believe me. Look at all how many people do you know in your life that decide on January first? They're going to lose weight. I'm going to go to the gym and they're going to get in shape. And then within a week or two, even if they went and joined the gym, they're not going to the gym. They're back eating the same kind of crappy diet. They were eating before and they've got their story that justifies continuing to do the same thing and they just never really follow through with it. It's hard when you're surrounded by most of the people that you're going to encounter in life are living lives that are less than they're capable of it's hard not to want to settle and be just like them because they're also trying to get you to say All because in it justifies their model of the world that justifies how they're showing up in life. So I got this quote that I wrote that kind of encapsulates the wisdom and the mindset they want to go through this guy's got a pretty short email of kind of where he's kind of running into difficulty and how he's struggling just day in and day out to continue moving forward continue taking action and not being overwhelmed. To the point where he's like fuck it. I'm it's just hopeless. I'm never going to get to where I want to be. So the quote says your purpose is always changing and evolving as you experience the seasons of your life. Sometimes we accomplish our dreams sooner than we thought possible other times it will look and feel hopeless and like success is an unrealistic fantasy that will never be realized success is a process. It's a commitment to something you have a burning. Desire to acquire experience or achieve knowing what you want and why you want it and then developing a plan to make it a reality filling in your knowledge gaps developing your gifts skills and talents learning from your mistakes being ready to examine your reasoning and thinking and persisting without exception until you make it your reality all humans fear that they don't have what it takes to succeed and that they won't be loved and accepted. Goodbye, their friends family or peer group. However, successful people simply never give up and are quick to change their approach when it's not working but slow to change their minds about what they really want because they're so passionate about it success is a process that never ends until your life is over make your process about mastering and winning at something that really sets your soul on fire. So this really it It's not you know, it's just like I talked to Peter I was I had a client was talking with yesterday who's is weights been kind of a yo-yo up and down over the years. He commits to a diet for a while loses weight. Then goes back to eating the same way. He was eating before then. He gains the weight back and sometimes even more than he had originally when he started and what I went through with him as it's really if you're going to be healthy, you're going to work out you're going to exercise your Have a good Clean Diet. It's a lifestyle. It's a permanent lifestyle change. It's a commitment to put Foods in your body that nourish it not be by putting sugary junk and crap into it because it makes you feel better when you consume it but it makes you look like shit. You have to consistently stick with it weekend week out month after month year after year. It's not like you're going on a diet to succeed and they want you to succeed. It then the work is over the same thing with your purpose. Your purpose is always growing and evolving. If you've read what I discussed in mastering yourself, you see that I'm always looking for the next level. I'm always looking for the new challenge new skills new talents that I can develop new knowledge that I can acquire to make myself better and as we grow when we begin life experience, we develop our talents. Has different talents and skills and the reserve of knowledge add up to what Scott Adams calls our talent stack. You don't have to be exceptional at everything but when you're good at a lot of different things and the way those things Stack Up, it gives you the ability to be more exceptional at that particular task job or product manufacturing then anybody that you may be competing against so it's a process. It's a process. It's a A commitment like for me it's not like I achieved my purpose. I'm living my purpose and my purpose is continuing to evolve is because the reality is once you finally achieve what it is that you want say you got a business that you want to start and you after 10-15 years you grow that business to be very successful, but you're no longer really excited about it, but he got a really nice sizeable income which a lot of the guys that I talk to that are in that position. They get to a point in a plateau and they're just they don't have to Internal enthusiasm for it that they once did and they mistakenly assume. Well, they should just get out of the business and often times after going through them and my phone sessions and asking them questions. There's things that they really love and enjoy about their business, but they've also filled it up with so many things that they don't and they got something else that they really like to sink their teeth into but they've got this business in this commitment that they've been doing 10 15 20 years and it pays all the bills and it gives them a comfortable. Oil lifestyle, so what they often end up doing is hiring managers and people that are great at maintaining systems and have a track record of doing that so they can have they can delegate away the running the day-to-day operations of the business and then focus on just kind of kind of being the chairman of the board or the CEO of the company while they take the excess cash flow that they've got continuing to put it in their Investments, but also setting some aside every month. So they can Essence throw shade against the wall. Try out new advertising start a website beta test a product or open a location. It gives them Capital that they can continually invest and since they maintain their successful business, they're not going to get stressed out. Whereas if they just go and sell their business and they just get a big lump sum of cash. Now, they're living off their savings. And so what happened because I've had this experience. What happens is you noticed. Your bank account shrinks every month. And so you feel pressure every time you spend money on your business. It's not making you money. Your bank account gets smaller. Every time you pay your normal monthly expenses. Your bank account gets smaller. And if you've been a lifelong entrepreneur, like I have the thought of having to go back potentially and work for somebody else is going to add some unpleasant stress. And the reality is we make our best decisions. When we're in a peaceful and relaxed state, so what's actually going to be more conducive to your new Venture succeeding and remaining in a peaceful and relaxed State. It's just finding the right people to run your existing business. So it continues to earn the prophets there you're used to continues to grow and gives you the capital and resources. You need to fund your new Venture that may take a year to five or even 10 years. To make it a success. So the most stable way to in those particular cases is to keep keep the business that they have hire the right people to delegate away. The things that are no longer enjoyable to them people that have a passion for those things that they don't like doing and that enables you to focus stress-free on the new thing you want if you're in an existing job. And you're thinking maybe you want to move to a different part of the country or you want to different job you don't just up and quit your job and move and hope you find something. Once you arrive. It's much smarter and wiser to continue working the job that's paying your bills. So you can stay peaceful and relaxed and take your time and find the right opportunity and then you can interview you can do video interviews of people maybe on the Can you go fly out there and interview with the higher-ups you get your offer letter where they offer you your salary because you're going to be a much better negotiator. If you already have an existing job versus you are running out of cash because you haven't worked in a couple months and you're desperate for a job. So you can pay your bills. If you already have a good job that's paying your bills and you look for something better on the side. That's going to pay you more money, and it's going to enable you to go live where you actually want to live. Which will make you happier because now you're living a lifestyle and a social life and an area of the of the world that you want to live in that's fun exciting and compelling is going to make you happier. If you're happier. You'll be more attractive to members of the opposite sex. So you want to do it in a balanced and relaxed way instead of just ripping the Band-Aid off so to speak and hope and everything works out. I've done both approaches and it 50 years. All that's much nicer to slowly transition out of things versus going cold turkey because the reality is just simply don't know what you don't know. You don't know how long your new Venture your new career your new business is going to take to get to the point where it can sustain you. The idea is that you anything that's going to add peace and ease and Delight to your life. You want to maintain that at all costs because you're going to make your best decisions when you're not stressed. About money so you don't want to do things whether it's in business or when you're working for other people that are going to put you into a financial bind because that's just going to cause you to make worse less resourceful decisions going forward and it will take you longer ultimately to get from where you are to where you want to be. So with that said, let's go through this guy's email and see where he's struggling. He says hey Corey. I hope you're doing well. I'm familiar with your work. And I really enjoy your content right now. I'm struggling with my purpose and would like to hear your thoughts. My goal is to become a fighter pilot. This is a very difficult barrier for me to break through because of my own mental limitations similar to your article on how to overcome your inner demons. I find my brain is flooded with negative thoughts such as I can't do it, and I'm not good enough no matter Art, I would try I will always fail. I will always settle for mediocrity Etc. So like I talked about in the quote that I read earlier in the video is that human beings have we have we all have two primary fears? That's number one fear is fear that we don't have what it takes. We're not enough. We're not smart enough. We're not wise enough. We're not young enough old enough experienced enough have enough money, whatever. It happens to be too. Succeed at what we want. This is common amongst all humans and the second primary fear is that we won't be loved and accepted by our friends family or peer group. So this is something we all struggle with and obviously just those the things he's telling himself. I can't do it. I'm not good enough no matter how hard I try. I will always fail. I will always settle for mediocrity, etc. Those are those are pretty common themes and those thoughts I've had thoughts like that countless times over the course of my life. I still have big audacious goals and things I want to accomplish in the future. And yeah, there's plenty of days where I get up and go there's no fucking way. I'll never be able to pull that off. The one thing I always do is I keep grinding. I keep taking action no matter what because the reality is that if you're busy taking action to move yourself forward, if you're doing all the action steps that you need to do in order to move you forward. You're going to feel better versus being fearful and just sitting on your ass doing nothing eating junk food playing video games watching that Netflix not going to the gym. Whatever happens to be if you just sit. And do nothing you're going to feel worse. If you start taking action, it's as a matter of fact, when you feel scared and you feel fearful. The best thing you can do is crack open a book go to that website that you're gaining lots of wisdom from go take a class go to the gym sit down and do some work that you've been putting off. Whatever happens to be if you get busy taking action to move yourself from where you are to where you want to be you're going to feel better and you'll end up. Forgetting about the fact that you were scared and fearful and afraid it wasn't going to work out then after several hours of work or maybe a full day's where the work you get home. You're going to feel a sense of accomplishment because you took action to move yourself forward versus just sitting on your ass and playing some video games or watching Netflix every day. We are faced with that choice you take action to move your life forward or you do nothing and you stay stuck where you are. The reality is. Life is zipping by the amount of time you got left to live is shrinking in the amount of days that you've got that you've been on this planet is increasing. So the reality is we're all running out of time some of us faster than others. That's just reality. So the question is, what are you willing to go to your grave having not done or said or attempted you're going to end up somewhere in the future and what you do today and tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that. Is going to determine where you end up but I promise you if you continue to do nothing and you avoid things you're going to end up somewhere in the future where you don't want to be it'll be much reward more rewarding and much more exciting and much more compelling to look around as you age and go through your life and start to see little signs that all those little things you've been doing day in and day out or inch by inch millimeter by millimeter getting you closer to where you want to be. Be just like Wayne Dyer said it's never crowded along the extra mile. Most people have given up and so it gets kind of lonely when you're on that road to success and you're trying to achieve the things that you want to especially if you got your friends your family your peer group. That's not really that support of and doesn't believe that you can do it. However, once you do succeed and you do have that re the reality and the evidence in your life that other people in your life can see it gives them a little bit more. Finance to strike out on their own and go for the things that they want. So not only are you helping yourself, but you're helping those around you because once they see that you can do it. It gives them a little more confidence that they can do it as well just because they know you and they saw what you went through. He says in addition the fear of putting myself in physical danger and a risky profession such as this is also holding me back. Tony Robbins says that when there's no fear you are grateful and the external environment doesn't matter when you have an internal state of Peace. Well, like I was saying earlier the internal state of Peace comes from taking action and doing something you feel fearful when you're doing nothing. So if you're afraid you need to move your ass and action there are days when I have the confidence to make this dream a reality and others when my insecurities is a negative self-talk forced me to search for another purpose. Well, here's the reality. I mean if you're become going to become a fighter pilot, there's a finite amount of days that you're actually going to be a fighter pilot because there's going to come up, you know, say you eventually become one. Maybe it's 10 15 20 years, whatever it is. I mean, you're not going to stay a fighter pilot. Forever someday, you're going to get too old to do that. Someday. You may wake up having spent 10 years as a fighter pilot thinking it's the best job in the world and you just don't have the internal enthusiasm for it. So another thing you should be thinking about is what are you going to do after you've been a fighter pilot? How are you going to use those gifts? Those skills those talents that you developed as a fighter pilot and continue to add those to your talent stack. Because a lot of guys that have left the military in the last few years. It's a real problem that have you know that our Pilots are leaving because they're sitting around doing paperwork and not flying and that was the whole reason they became a pilot was because they wanted to fly and so the Air Force in a different branches of the military have done things to try to retain these piles because they invested tremendous amount of money and resources to train them and get them confident competent and get them combat. Aryans and so they don't want to lose them which makes sense. But you also got to be thinking what someday you're going to no longer want to be a fighter pilot. And so what is the natural career Trek trajectory? In other words would have other fighter pilots done. Once they left the service many of them become commercial airline pilots and other things so the question is what's next you kind of want to think about those things. It's just like when you start a business you want to build a business so you can ultimately One day sell it because maybe you get to a point in life where you decide you want to retire. Maybe you want to leave it to your kids and family, or maybe they have no interest in it and you want to be able to sell it and get maximum value for it. So you always want to be thinking from the end. What what are you going to do after the fact and so obviously what would be helpful to you is probably to sit down with some guys that that have been fighter pilots and find out what they do after they leave the military what kinds of careers they go. Into and what they did or can what they do now with the knowledge and information they acquired as a fighter pilot, how are they using that to earn themselves a living after they've left the military service. These are all things you need to know. The thought of being a fighter pilot fills my heart with excitement and overwhelms me with emotion like you talked about in your article how to find your purpose. You have a very good understanding of emotional ownership and strength will kinds of techniques. Do you do to keep yourself centered focused and confident and your mission any wisdom is appreciated what I would definitely recommend reading mastering yourself, but the one thing that's always stuck with me for the last almost 30 years that I've been using this and this was something that I learned from Tony Robbins and that goes that goes all the way back. Back to Aristotle, which is that people do more to avoid paying then they'll do to gain pleasure. And so whether it's working out or eating healthy versus eating junk food. I always think about what are the painful consequences if I don't do what I know I need to do right now and what is the pleasure I'm going to experience if I do take the action. I know I need to take right now how much better am I going to feel about myself? What is going to do to move my life forward 5 10 15 20 years from now and so I do this little mental gymnastic exercise whenever I have something to do that, I don't feel like doing but I know I need to do it because it's a big part of my ultimate large goals just like sitting down and doing this video. Luckily. There's no grinding and hammering going on but right before the last hour before I sat down to do it. I was like, I'm not gonna be able to do this video today because I love King grinding and hammering and drilling that's been going on at my building but I waited a bit and they stop for a bit and I'm able to get this video done. And so again, it's like that is was probably one of the biggest life-changing things for me was just learning how to associate pain with not taking action and pleasure with taking action. Think about what the benefits are. And because that's what's going to move you forward and the reality is it's like I feel the same way you dude. I mean all those thoughts though. I mean, I still feel those those still pop in my head on a daily basis. And the reality is I just keep moving forward. I just keep grinding like Ray Lewis says grinding is my rest even when I don't feel like it. I mean the other night the last couple weeks. I've been doing a lot of videos a lot of interviews, which you guys have been seeing and I was up the other night till 3:00 in the morning editing these because Really gotten the flow and I was really enjoying it and I put off running and I needed to run a couple of miles a day. So at three o'clock in the morning, I have to my fucking treadmill and I ran a couple of miles and took a shower went to sleep. I Got 5 hours of sleep because I had an appointment at 10 a.m. The next morning and I felt great because I was up I did a lot of work. I got my workout in that I wanted to do that night and I made my appointment on time and I was very well rested because going forward For a run tired me out and I slept like a fucking baby. And even though I got five hours of sleep. I felt amazing the next day. It's just a little it's a daily daily discipline. Dude, you have to discipline yourself again. What pain am I going to experience of I don't do what I know I need to do right now and what pleasure am I going to gain? If I do take the action? I know I need to take and so if you're trying to figure out your purpose in life, if you're already know what it is, but you're struggling like Sky is or you're doing really well and you think you may want to do something else and you'd like to talk to me about that to help you strategize and put a plan together. So you can have a nice smooth transition go to understanding relationships.com. Click the products tab at the top of your screen and book a coaching session with yours truly and if you haven't read my second book mastering yourself while I go in depth and in detail about these things, you can go to understanding relationships.com. Just click on the little email signup box. Put your name and your email on their press submit soon as you hit submit. You'll be reading it on my website, and you can also read 3% made my first book totally for free there as well. And again if you'd like to talk to me personally, you can book a coaching session by clicking the products tab top your screen on any page and until next time. I will talk to you soon.