Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, but it's such an essential skill.That you have to learn especially when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels just making sure that you plan out all of your time. I know what you need to get done to make sure that you do for the meetings. Do you ever find that you just go to whichever one has the scariest person leading it? Who did you say scared like I would if I was you I would rather miss a meeting with like I don't know basically anyone who's not mr. Miller because he seems quite scary. So I have meetings with mr. Miller every Monday to actually oh, so Monday's quite heavy for quite heavy duty for the hey girl side of that so in Morning, first break. I'll go around asking for lots of ideas about what to discuss in the meetings. And then I have a meeting with mr. Melih in Period 3. Well, I tell him all of the things I want to discuss in the meetings and problems that have Arisen in school and he'll tell me problems that the smt want to raise with us and we kind of work through it to see which of the more immediate ones which are more long-term ones. And then throughout the day, I'll try and resolve a few of those and he'll do the same and then in the afternoon, we have a great jumper meeting. So I write up the agenda. I write up because I chair the meeting right at the plans from the last meeting and then I go through all of them in the meeting and then afterwards someone writes the minutes and they send them to me and then I do all the action plans afterwards and make sure that everything we've discussed. happens because otherwise if we didn't meeting but yeah, so in that respect, I would go to the meeting where the busiest meeting where the most stuff was happening and then I would be able to catch up from the other meetings and I'm what are your top three tips for time management? So my number one tip would be to write lists. I found that lest have been so essential this year and that's just because once you've written it down, you don't have to worry about forgetting it and you can come back to it later. Once you focus on everything else. So my second tip would be to prioritize so especially when you're doing a-levels you have some work, that would be very good to do and so I'm like That's essential and you just need to make sure that you do all of your essential work first and stick to those deadlines because that will make you less stressed out and help you with your time. And then so my third tip would be to plan ahead. So if you know, you've got a big essay coming up do your other work. So do your work as soon as it's been set and then you have more free time for your next things that are coming up and then I also have two more tips or exciting which would envy you and really think of as classic time management tips. But the first one would be to always be on time. Because it clears your head of where you need to be and at what time and it shows to other people and to yourself that you're organized and that you know, what's going on which has massive knock-on effect on all of your other work. And then my second one would be to always be nice to other people because if you're nice to other people, they're more likely to help you when you're getting stressed when you need stuff to do when you need extensions on your deadlines all that kinds of things because when you get a massive workload, it's really easy to bury yourself away and kind of like closed off from everyone because you just need to get it done. But if you do that, then people won't be as likely to help you so it can make it more difficult to reach out. Hey, I didn't expect that always be on time and that's very helpful because I don't know about other people but I really really struggle with that. I'm like the person who has up to lessons like 31 past and I'm assuming a lot of other people who used to enhance it are so impressive that you've overcome. Have you been hamster to learn how to be on time there? I feel like in the last couple of weeks. I've really noticed a teacher said it to me and I was like, that's so true. There's this thing. Edmund in time where 31 past is on time. So I don't know it just it just feels better that way though. You know it just but I always make sure that I'm on time now because it's yeah as I said, it just makes it easier for everything else. Yeah, and obviously a levels are like really difficult and those of content but did you personally find it in terms of time and stuff was it harder for you? And you doing loads of subjects for GCSE or doing a few subjects really in-depth available? I think it's a lot more difficult when you're doing a few subjects really in-depth because At GCSE your teachers teach you most of it whereas in a levels, you have to learn all of the material yourself. It's a lot more challenging and everyone learns in a different way and although your teacher will explain it to you. You have to learn it and consolidate it and do all of the extra work extra questions all on your own and so it's a lot harder to manage your time and make sure everything's been done. Is you don't have people always telling you do this prep do this prep do this perhaps. Oh, I'd say a levels is a lot more difficult time wise. Yeah, that makes sense. So when you became her to go, did you find it difficult to balance things like lakhs and CCF and I'm not sure about the other shows you I just know you do those too and like the other stuff that you do like. Did you have to cut down on other stuff in order to make time for like generally be a 6-2 and specifically being head girl. Yeah, well that was an interesting one because I've always liked being really busy and I get a lot more things done if I'm really busy rather than if I have too much time for myself and I'm a lot more productive if I've got loads to do. So every week I print off an A3 of my timetable and I block off all of my lessons my sport meetings also ducal sock which is the Scottish real in society CCF and all of those kinds of things that happen on a weekly basis. And then I can see where I can fit in my work and so I write in my work but I make it really specific. So instead of just having like maths here psychology their economics here. I put a separate it into my topics. So right in which topic I'm going to do and how I'm going to do it. So either learn this topic or answer questions on this topic or summarized notes on this topic so I can make sure that I get it all done. And I used to also color coded by subjects had have three colors to make sure that I had an even balance of all of my subjects per week, but I don't really do that anymore. But alternatively you can try thank you so much for those tips. This has been really helpful and it's been really nice talking to you about time management. So is it can you tell us what you do is head go? So as I said every week I am meetings with mr. Miller twice a week about issues that come up in school. And then I have to act on those follow them up loads of emails every day from all kinds of teachers. So for example last week Miss lannen emailed me asking whether the fourths can borrow their robes for the play or Random things like that if people need guides or if people have emailed the wrong or if they don't know who to email they'll email me and then I put them on to the right person. So yeah all the HM sometimes email me and then I also have meetings with mrs. Wickfield sometimes later on in the week, but not that often depending on what's going on in school and I have meetings with mrs. Price every Tuesday. And so on Tuesday morning, I'll take everything we've discussed in the great jump and meetings and sort of filter out what needs to go to mrs. Price and what doesn't and then don't like that and I also have meetings with the captains and has a palace of sometimes. Yeah. Do you feel that? There's loads of pressure to like make a mark As had garlic. Do you feel like you need to leave some kind of Legacy like the people that know the people put loads of pressure on you? Yeah, I do. I do feel like there is quite a lot of pressure to leave a mark on the school because what I know that I definitely remember all of the head girls, I've had since I've since being here. Yeah, but it's quite difficult to know what to leave. I guess. It's more about who you are as a person kind of rather than something physically to leave behind but we put up quite a few things in place this year. So for example this podcast came out of one of our meetings. Yeah, actually last year, I think when we started and then for example, the junior a stalks do know is that different so they like for that is that the case for the last school? Yeah. So as a great jumper body really wanted to promote public speaking with in school because we found that as great jumpers were just expected to be able to speak and And for everyone and obviously I had that thing. Hey girl, and we'd never really had much practice in it. And so we wanted to introduce more public speaking in the lower school. And so we started off with the younger girls giving presentations to their class on Thursday mornings. So for example this morning, I went and watched some of their presentations and then they will vote for the best one and then they will like get through to the next round and it's just a way to promote more public speaking within the lower school and just various things like that that we try and do that. Hopefully will continue next year. That's really cool. Okay. So out of that had girls apart from you obviously with who's been your favorite like, who do you think was your favorite answer that? That's a really hard question. I'm sure you have an idea though. They say I feel like the perception of how a girl changes so much as you get through the school, so it's really hard to compare them because obviously when I was a fourth looking at the head go I saw them very differently to for example Freddy last year who I've known really are from being in Hempstead with her. Yeah, and I feel as though as you go through the school that had girl plays a different role for you. So when I was younger they they did was read out the new tourism prayers. That's all I thought but then last year being in sick form. I saw a lot more of the stuff that what Freddie did and the impact that it has. So I think the perception of her go changes so much that it's hard to I would never say that one was better than the other just different. There's a very diplomatic answer but it also makes sense. So Yeah, um. Anything you want to share with the rest of the school? I'd say one thing. That is so important. Especially being at Bennington and something that I'd really recognized this year in the first time especially and it sounds really generic and really ugly. But honestly being nice to people and smiling at people and making an effort with people has such a big like effect on you that you won't realize until later and your perception and the perception that other people have on you make such a difference when so for example this year. I need people I rely on lots of other people to do things for me and if I hadn't built up that rapport with people Then they wouldn't want to do that for me and I was actually warned by previous had girls that is likely that you will lose Friends by being her girl because you have to ask people to do things. They don't want to do and especially now in January February when the 60s fixing on their exams. They don't really want to do things for the school as much because obviously they have to prioritize a-levels. And so if you've if you make the time for other people, then they'll more likely to do things for you which makes your job so much easier as I found that I've actually become a lot better friends with people in my ear rather than the opposite. Let's be really nice. That is ready. Oh, yeah for everything I say comes out. So you're like this is dress it but it is I am actually really interested. Okay. Thank you so much for talking about time management. You've been listening to the bubble. Thanks for popping by.