It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually became two of my favorite groups of All time so I was born on Twitter one day and I asked twitterati. Give me the names of some folks. I should be listening to right now fact is I'm old my body is weary I end up on a hippity-hop like I used to be so maybe three or four people told me I had to get on this group called foreign exchange had never heard of him, but I figured okay. Let me see what this foreign exchange is talking about. I downloaded the album leave it all behind and man. Listen, I think I'll Into that album front to back for a month straight. So then I went back and download it all of their other stuff on Michelle Obama's internet and once I got down that rabbit hole, I discover a guy named fonte. He was in the group foreign exchange and he had this other group called little brother hadn't heard of them either. So I thought let me see what this little brother talking about. What's this the listening that I'm on it Minstrel show? Let me get that one too, and just like that. I had discovered two of my favorite groups. So today's episode is personal for me because I may not have been on little brother and foreign exchange from the beginning beginning but when I got on it, they made me a true fan for life. So it's my pleasure to welcome. My homie, the one Drake credits as the person who style he copied fante AKA tiggle. Oh and our conversation was so good. We had to break it up into two parts. So up next part 1 fonte on Gmail Hill is unbothered. Find a I don't know if you know this but you actually played a small part in my husband's courtship of me. Are you serious? I am serious. Okay. So basically what I'm trying to say is you helped him out. Wow, foreign exchange performed in Detroit on Valentine's Day. That was the first time I met you right I'm gonna be to the pictures and everything, right? This is 2015 and my husband who was not up on you then and up on Foreign Exchange and whatever I had to I had to educate him. I'd educate them right wow. Who's there my boyfriend of course and so he took me to see you as a Valentine's Day weekend and it was a great weekend even decorated our hotel room all romantic. I had no idea. I was super surprised do nothing, but they take the tiles and make it into a swan to go that far with so let's just say it's a memorable weekend for a lot of reasons. I got to see foreigners shades for the first time and I got to meet you for the first time. Wow, you look at look at me. I am now an appalled really look at this. I look at that was my that was when I got married it was it was in November? Yeah. Yeah, that's I mean that's pretty much number two for you. We done. Yeah, because if you get it wrong now, it's like just told me it was only kidding. This is a common denominator in both of these in this me the fuck up there. So this doesn't work then we know who to blame. But now we happy we could my boys are one of only 14 night. I can't believe you got a 19 year old man either. That's crazy. I was risking it all to the very good. We don't talk about that. We got a lot of things to talk about. Of course the reunions album a little brother. Yes your feet. Hers, which feature is myself man? Yes, I got to be on you know, it's the hottest show in the country. I may have heard of it. It's called niggas hollering. So matter of fact you're tuned into it right now. This is a version. This is an episode of that. So yeah, I can't wait to talk about that album course, I got to I got to get downloaded fully on Foreign Exchange. Yes, and definitely want to talk to you about no news is good news, which that year. That was my favorite album. Oh man whole year so much like the whole years and if you haven't downloaded Today that show problem making a priority for sure. But before we get to all that let's argue. Let's let's get it because you tweeted something. Yeah. And by the way, he's a great follow out Twitter because you just drop these just bombs like Eureka way right here walk away like your retweet like we perform in here, you know, something a review a little brother or review a some foreign exchange, you'll tweet, you know things and then you'll be like, by the way, Way boom, you like this of all this promo you dropped and if I'm wrong, you can correct me right now you drop that Bad Boys 3, which I also just recently saw. Okay was better than the first two bad boys got a challenge you on that because no so why do you think this is the case? Listen? I first of all most let me give you the context. Okay, I didn't see bad boys when it came out in theaters. So I saw it. I mean, you know, it would come on TV and I like A little bit even the original bad boys' original so I watch Lu here there whatever so it wasn't until a couple nights ago. Well, I guess maybe this was a maybe like a month ago. We were all home for the holidays. My son was home older son was home and he was like, we was looking for all something my family moved to watch on Netflix. So I was like y'all have seen bad boys because first I was gonna show him paid in full. I gotta give him with the class. Wait a minute. She said, let me show up a good family movie Waiting For So this is all of our first time I think this episode my wife. She's seen it like when it came out but this is all of our first time I'm watching it for the first time as a family me and my sons and probably about like I look like an owl. Happened to it. My son is like yeah dad. This ain't good. I was like nice not it's not what is that? So we got through it and I did think about is this man that boys was always all of the Martin. Will they Legends Bad Boys is always basically a rehashing in some ways of Lethal Weapon. It was just it was just it was the buddy cop formula. We got the hothead cop this want to be super nigger. Then we got to watch nigger. That's He's too old very thing like so it was basically black Lethal Weapon, you know, I mean not that Danny Glover with black. He's very glad but you films yeah, I do so, you know, I mean, so I was like, okay, we we know kind of what it is. But to me the third one this it was the best one because it was the only one that had like a real story there. And even in interviews I've read with Martin. Will they both were just saying how this time around they wanted to make sure that the story was, you know, kind of something that was substantial step more substituted more because I mean, you know So because the first one the first one, I don't even remember I remember Parts. I remember like the girl getting shot that the call girl chick the black girl that got killed and then they're shooting and then they forgot your boarding pass. Yeah that line and then Bad Boys 2 because I made a double feature that and I was like well while we're here, let's just go ahead and you know, I'm about to take that Excel is going to do that shit will bad as you are worse than the first because that was one but just a bunch of damn. You know, what listen this is what I kick you out. We're shooting and shit blowing up to kill Johnny. Tapia man. Niggas went to Cuba. That's what I just like boy. You're tripping. Let's just open it all logic right here. Yeah, it was it was so many funny one-liners and so many seas that are funny. It's in the first 100 pitches in the see. Y'all know. I wouldn't it. I just I never thought to me it was never He was never funny to me. It was humorous at moments of humor that like help to punctuate from you know, the series shootout killing the parts, but it was never just to me. It was never laugh out loud funny. So with that said I didn't walk into the third one with the expectation of it being funny. I was just like, okay. This is a buddy cop movie. You know, we we going to see some shooting some blowing shit up. Let's see what else we got. And I really enjoyed the story of it. Like we all we wouldn't see that under the family too. And we agreed as a unit like yeah this this this A shot of shit now, I will say this without spoiling anything. I don't know how they're going to pull off. This bad boy is full of shit that they trying to do. Yeah, I seen that character. Yeah, nigga up all the shit that need indeed. And now you going to try to find out I know that seems a little thin but for what they got Bad Boys 3 is the top one. So I'm glad you made the Lethal Weapon comparison because I would compare to that too. And it took the same it may be it is one of those things. Is there a certain movies that if you don't see them at the time exactly it a lot. It tends to lose it like a certain movies that don't age. Well now I've always thought that Bad Boys 1 and 2 as well. I mean the to evaluate laugh out loud where Reggie when he came to the Jordan Reggie come home when this airs and we maybe find me. Yeah, I mean it was like the Reggie seen the fact that they were looking at a partnership that might be on the brink of breaking up and all those things. It was very similar to Lethal Weapon. So here's why I think they made a mistake in three. Okay, a couple mistakes actually one is I think it should have had Gabrielle Union because if you remember though that was that was because she was dating when she was eight. Well, there was a lot of tension there because Martin didn't want wheel Dayton. Are you know whatever and I think that she brought a different and a great a greater chemistry between the two of them. It reminded me you brought a believe the weapon and when Rene Russo Joe Russo. Yeah. Yeah Mel Gibson's love interest and they were allies at first and they got together this she became a part of the family. I thought they should have followed that true. Yeah, because the girl I forgot the I want to see her name on the actress that plays the head of the unit has three the new year and three years, New Girl. I'm really mad chemistry that exactly like they should have brought her back and then it would have been you know, everybody was like, okay, we get it now and they could have still had this other story line that is significant in three fucking I'm saying look we all got a base. I would say spoiler alert. So if they want to skip this part they can skip it but yes will has a child. Yeah that you know about that is a stone-cold as killer that be whooping his ass uses the working like bro. Y'all just this bigger than clap judges judge me, you know see ya Mom right ain't going to work like that. They were also clearly trying to build a really long. A build a world around them. I did what I did like about them to your point about storyline is and I thought they did this really well in Lethal Weapon. Look Mel. Gibson wasn't going to be you know roundhouse kick the motherfuckers forever. Yeah, you got what you got. It's gonna catch up to you. You ain't going to be the baddest dude on the Block and you have to change the way you saw problems. You're not crazy just running the burning building like he's kind of showing how like, you know, and I thought they did a good job of that time showing on top of that the old school and the new school like they kind of need to work together. So When he would when they were at the bus then and Will Smith notice like yo is no money in the bank, right? So, you know, we gotta run in here where the young kids you got to do. I think is the best one. And it I'm gonna say hmm. Let's three better than one but see it's hard to let go because I saw it in the theater. That's all the mini Theatres. So it's hard for me not to go to 1/3, you know, because at the time those buddy cop movies that were kind of frivolous light on story. That was a big knot that was yeah. It was a whole as but when I am with you in the sense, I don't think it ages as well. I think three will age way better than what absolutely yeah one like, I mean I want and again it was our first time we all watch the Blind and this Hubble Is and yeah about 1400. He's like yeah Dad. I almost went to sleep but I'll stand up Will Smith, you know Kudos and credit to you because you weren't wowed by the first two and you still saw the third one. Yeah. Are you? Okay Martin, will you I love them dudes Man cast his Legends for them to have just made it as long as they have in the game and special like what will is doing now with him doing Instagram and like his looks like the Americas life coach. He really is really is his progression and growth is like really outstanding. This is so So I gotta support them brothers man, you know, even if I didn't like it, I'm not stupid when saw it but but I really did enjoy. Yeah, I'm happy to see them get that bag. Well, it's it's perfect that we're talking about their Union because now we can talk about your yeah, you're like I did that that was smooth and I said yes to pay me the big bucks. So a rat it had been years literally years and years since little brother was back together and last year you guys Really surprised your fans what to something about ourselves use a vacuum channels and and we will go through the whole back story of how this reunions manifested and you drop may the Lord watch again. One of my have like 5 hours by no. It was trash. I wouldn't even just say I wouldn't bring it up. I would just say so you release an album and then we just move on give you gold but no may the Lord watch was one of the gems of 2019 nevertheless your fans have been clamoring for this forever. So let's break it down to the very last con poker. How the fuck did you fall out in the first place? This was O 5 right. It's was no 500c all fell out after Minstrel show after Minstrel show. That was the last time that the three of us won't have me pull a knife, right? Um, there's I mean God is like a several reasons for it. We have a documentary on all this shit coming out so will be officially telling like the Yeah, we really are the reincarnated version A Tribe Called Quest and man listen, but we are indeed we all are together now, right? Yeah, and and that was a driven thought I can lie. But um, but yeah, I think at the beginning, you know, I've told this a lot of times before, you know, when you just starting something when you young you don't have conversations about how you want the end to look like because you can't even see any end. So you're just we were just making music just doing records, you know, not even thinking about okay. What does this look like? Like past this moment like what do we want as a group? What do we want as individuals? We never had those conversations. And so when you go a long time without doing that just tension start to build and you know, you see that okay, this person wants something totally different from what I want who wants something different than what this guy wants and we just couldn't get on the same page and and not even just even Beyond getting on the same page. We were just young and just stupid and just made a lot of fucking mistakes like that was I mean, that's really people every time I Have you talked about it? They expect just some big gargantuan answer like oh so and so was sleeping with his sister or something dude. I wish I had something that salacious she has something to tell you it was just so yeah, so things just you know, they went left. So the success that you guys were starting to experience wasn't enough to keep it together because a lot of people would have just been motivated to keep Keep going. Just like we got to get this bread regardless of everything everything else. Yeah, it wasn't at least for us. I mean because by the time we kind of start slowing down, mr. Shows o5 get back with those seven and at the time when we stopped, I mean get back was like our biggest record. So get back head like open us up to a whole kind of new audience and we were touring our numbers were good. Like we could have kept going and at the time that was a seven and then in the wait, Me and Nick did leave it all behind and we got the grand mean odd and it was just like okay. Yeah, I mean it just do I go back to this shit today kind of working on you like to do it today. Yeah, and it was just and and and honestly and I can't even put it on Foreign Exchange because by that time me and pool we weren't even really talking like that like, you know, I mean, we were literally getting on stage to do our shows and then we would just go our separate ways like that was that was it and that is what to be in I mean, you know performing with somebody is kind of an intimate experience. So what is it like is it is it is profoundly sad it is it is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can't even have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart so it's like we're you Even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. We weren't enjoying each other and it is really sad when things break down to that point and now you can really just see the difference now and I feel the difference just you know inside of just the way we move now. We actually enjoy what we do and we do it on our own terms and so doing something at 21 verses doing Something that 41 is a world of difference. And so now, you know, we were able to just have the conversations upfront like yo, this is what the Run going to look like. We doing this this this you want to do that. Okay fucking I won't do that need to cool. We got we got on page that everything and then we were able to make it work and so it's just so much more rewarding now to not just have you know, a business partner, but to really have a friend and that if anything I would say is just the key this kept. In it and that's what I always say to young people and just cats want to get in the game man. The greatest form of success is working with people you love being able to choose your squad. You know, I'm saying I don't I didn't come this hard and work this hard to have to work with assholes. You know, I'm saying like I ain't got to do this shit, you know, I mean, so to be able to you know, you know, we got like all of our payroll is out, you know boys from day one, you know, I'm saying like the people we hire, you know, we able to employ Boy, you know a lot of black vendors, you know, I'm saying so that to me even though for the record I fucking hate touring. I've told this a lot on Twitter. I hate Tori. I don't never want to leave the comfort of my crib. Yeah, I'm saying like leaving my throat my comforters and shit behind man. Fuck all this shit. So how I don't like that shit. I like you know, I like my smoothies. I like my salmon. I like, you know, I I'm a curse them to a certain way of life. So I fucking hate touring but the thing that makes it worth it is just being able to do it with you. Family and do it with know the brothers has been there with you from the jump and you know, that's the beautiful part of it. Smoothies are seven sounds like an album titled. You know, I'm saying is that look at that. Look at that. Yeah, you talking 41? It's a reason you know why they often say father time is undefeated. At least from what I've read in interviews. You guys have given apparently five Steph had a lot to do with why you guys decided to reunite and just I mean not reunite. I'm not even come out as a group because my says home just as homey. So talk about how his death I wanted that turn on the green light for you guys, man. I think that was because the first time it became real like so, you know when we were working this was, you know, We had kind of fell out. This is like, you know 2007 low 9th left then me and poo kept going up until like 2010 and those 27 2010. Those years were just you know, it was we were working together, but we weren't in it together. And so finally, you know, we did last album and then we just both just collect me said fuck it when I separate ways. And so then around you know, 2011, I mean me and pool the we didn't talk for like a good like four five. Years, you know I'm saying like we just we didn't talk at all and I was at the house. I was at working it dollars. I was actually working on I was working on some foreign exchange stuff and Carmen Rogers who sings with us in the van. She was there when he's working on some stuff and Fife had passed and you know, and just I remember just being really really sad that day like just really sad and because Fife was you know, again, we had always seen death, you know happened but fight or not. Before fight felt like hours like he was out like this was one of us, you know, I mean and it's one thing like to see your parents dies one thing to see, you know, your Auntie or you know, Grandma got the sugars, you know, I mean, he knows you they gonna gonna take a toll this week. Like if you see is we used to that shit, but you know, your man like the seed like someone that you know is kind of written into the fabric of your musical, you know background and look like God and that shit. It was that was just devastating. And so, you know, I just remember being really really sad that day and I was just like I was telling cars and man. I really been thinking about pool and she's like you don't call him. I was like we have to God I reach out to him some point. And so then poop texting me that same day he and he was like, yo man, so I'll let you know. I'm thinking about you bro. Love you, man, regardless of whatever. You know, let's Rath said I I said I hit him right back immediately other. Yo, man. I love you too. You know I'm saying let's get on the horn and we got on the horn and we talked about everything we talked about like Five hours just straight just just running down every every grievance every yo, man. I'm sorry that time. I took the last blue M&M. Yeah. I mean like all that shit. We ran down everything and and that was you know, that was 2016. So even from then from 2016 to 2018 up until time we started working. We were just in each other's lives. We was just homies like it was no music I'm saying it wasn't about the music. We didn't know me. We do not one note of music to we started working on the album and But just in those like two years it was really it's just kind of getting to know each other and that was something that I just get out always stressed to Young Artists coming up man. Get to know the people that you work with night and get to know them in a way that goes beyond just the job because they can be great at their job, but they could suck at everything else or they could be great at her job, but their vision for what they want may not align with your vision and y'all got to talk that kind of shit out and it's easier to have those conversations. Early because success it's a sex is like a it's like a Band-Aid, you know, I'm saying and it can hide a lot of bullshit until it's gone and then it's like oh my God, so so yeah, so get to know the people you work with that shit is important. Now when you guys decided to reunite it came together kind of haphazardly, right it did. Yeah idea we was in huzzah at the crib was all in. Well, I live in I'm in Raleigh and poo isn't Charlotte and ninth season, right? He's a wait for us. But we were all there and so is a festival in Durham called article Festival. So, you know Soul Jazz hip-hop Festival run by my man sulaimon and so he hit me and was like, the lineup was supposed to be Erykah Badu Rolls-Royce Erykah Badu. All Royce knives and Erica. That was the lineup and Royce didn't make his flight. So sulaimon called me and was like, yo, man, you want to come and do the show? Yeah. I'm And and I'm literally like at home in my boxers just chilling like I ain't doing nothing and so it's like on a Saturday. And so all right, man. Well, let me see what I can do so long as you're sure I end up calling all the guy called my DJ Flash or to DJ if he wouldn't answer my hit knife and like yo you want to do this like, you know, you want to DJ for me. He's like, yeah, I do it as a bullshit man. What if we got poo involved? He's like, oh shit. Oh, no, bro. You don't know if you want to do that you sure you want to do it. I was like man, fuck it like this is you know, this is one slight opportunity like we can really just fuck people up. Like it'll be fun. Let's do it. So he reluctantly agreed to do it call poo. Amen. You got to get here now he had to come from Charlotte which is like two and a half hours away. So long story short. Yeah, it all came together within the span of a few hours and we just jumped on stage and did it and so after that that just kind of lit the conversation of okay. Well, where do we go from here? You know, which I knew that people were they really desire to see you guys back together, you know. What you don't know it until you know it I'll be real I mean, you know one thing I will say, you know, just about releasing music and doing stuff in this era, you know where records just fall from the fucking Sky, you know, you never know. You don't know till you know, and every time you put out a new record, you are essentially starting over you can't ever assume. Oh, you know, I did two million on this last one. So Nick I'm good for at least one point five on this. No, you ain't you ain't good for shit until you see what you good for so, you know, it was again. I didn't know it until II didn't know how real it was until we put them out and you know, we went no one and I'm use I was like, oh, wow. Okay, so I guess they loved it they care. Right right, they actually care. So what was the process of putting together? May the Lord watch light compared to when you all used to do music before man. It was it was to this date and I think I probably say this way. Every project every project this was May the Lord watch was hands-down. It was the hardest I've ever worked on any of them like it was the hardest is that because you knew that there was a certain expectation. Um, I know what it wasn't so much the expectation on from the audience. It was really just the expectation for myself, you know, the thing that I've always just kind of live by in my art is just you're not going to be harder on. Me than I am. So there's nothing that I can hear from from a critic or somebody on Twitter anything. It's not you can tell me that I haven't told myself at some point in time and then had to beat out of my head you feeling me so, you know by the time we get to where the record is done to me, you know, I mean, it's just me pool will probably have a different perspective to me. This shit is bulletproof. Yeah, I'm saying and not just because I got you no faith in myself. Feels my abilities, but I know that I left our coaches a I left it all on the field. I gave everything I had so loved hated to be I did what the fuck I came to do. Yeah I'm saying, how did I know? I did my job. So, you know, you always want people to receive your stuff with, you know, with open arms and you want it to be, you know, critically acclaimed and all of that but to me a big shift that happened just in my creativity in my you know 30s as opposed. My 20s, you know, I used to take rejection very personally and and I didn't and I think it was actually me starting to work in TV and like, you know doing voiceover and stuff that really help me shift out of that because you know in TV they hired to do a job to write a song for something use write a song you send it and they say, okay. Well, no, this doesn't really work and you just write another song, you know, I mean, it's not that that song you did was the worst song ever and you can't write songs and Oh my God, I'm telling this. Yeah, I mean, it's just a nigga. I know that ain't it comes up now. Yeah, don't something that we ought to stay but we wanted medium-rare you cut a little too long. You know, I'm saying pulling up Stakes my dick bitch. So I just make another state so for me, so that's kind of where I am now, so, you know, I don't really take it, you know personally because I know I put everything I had into it when I made it so yeah. Yeah, but it was tough. I mean, you know, it was the first album first every album that I actually Li like mix the engineered and we recorded at my crib, which was very convenient because it kind of just we could kind of live the album as opposed to recording it. You know, I'm saying that man has it helped the fact that you don't really like leave your house so that it was with my son in one hand. My smoothie on the other side sounds like a real old ass sort of millennial man mustn't listen man. I'll cover their a smoothie like it was the white girl with like the big lips and like the fucking the fucking she looked like Stifler's mom, but she had like two kids and she was fucking with the to jail nigga. I was following the laces like I was I was sucked up. I was sucked into it a little bit. I said Let It Go why you never now? It's all you know how they do now is like, right. Right, right, but where they go even deeper today lives because my dude from Flint is back man, the dude that had the black she and the and Sarah he back she was a king because he when he was like we show them going into the bathroom together. It with him still in the ankle brace of the house, like nigga fellas. I see just a if you can't get a date you have no excuse. There's a nigga with an ankle bracelet on that's pulling more to you right now. You have no agreement according. I mean based off the storyline where it is now. He got mad women across the country. It's a whole thing, but he was he was running that game while he was still alive still alive still percolating both of those situations. So it's a whole thing and my other favorite couple yo, My man Lamar from LA and Andrew from Salt Lake men to black people let this on live at the local. Yeah, you don't know but dude, which would love me from she from Utah. Right and she or more dough is she moved out because she lived. Oh my God. Yay there back. There was a limit. They live in a park and she came back to Utah. Yeah. It was you left him and then he stayed in LA but now she got them back in Utah He's not living there. He's just on a visit right now at this point in the series and bad luck. We are horrible people for watching these shows Jamil. I think we should not be laughing at these people's desperation this hard, but we all have and I'm sorry. No, it's not just that but I just started watching 90 day fiancé. I just started watching it and I have been I watch bits and pieces, you know, one thing about 90 day fiancé. You don't need to tell to watch the previous Seasons. Like you can just become start right here this time miss anything. It's going to be just as you do maybe he went out and she told him to get out 300 and it took nine. He's scared. Oh my God. No, I loved it. I loved him. I would say justice for my man Sinjin, so This is one kind of you. What so Sinjin is a nigga from South Africa. He's white dude. So he didn't even South Africa and his girl is Tanya who is like from Connecticut and I'm still trying to figure out what time it is. She looks like she's she could be like mixed with something or some kind of maybe she's some kind of Latinas up. I don't know. But anyway, so Sinjin was caned without cameras out there. Have a good to stay with Tanya Tanya decides in the middle of their courtship to go to fucking cold. Rico she goes to Costa Rica for a month leaving Sinjin to stay there with her mom. So he's living at the crew will help Mama. I was like a disaster. Listen she over in Costa Rica getting salsa lessons dancing with niggers and shit and I just watch out like man. I hope Sinjin fucks her mom tell me that didn't happen. It didn't happen. Okay. And I got a new apartment and so she comes over she come like I do not like this apartment and I like I want that known did you better run? Like the formula but it is a problem. You told me you are you lied to me? You lied to me. So she pays shit. So being she admits this nigga that she liked fucking with bitches and he was so motherfucking hot meal here to watch the show. I just want to call you for recap here. You just tell me what happened. Hit me up there. Yes, he'd be like yo, and then this happened. So I think you need to add to your already versatile range. Here is a wrap you need to do 90 day fiancé wrap. It's just like this. So just put it out there or at the very least if they ever have one of their Union shows, you know, you need to be holding get your shit together. We TV, I think he's trying to be the real uvn right now, nigga. Like I don't again we can talk about ignorant ass TV this entire podcast because I thought that's quite alright with me. That's not at Big E Faith with nigga. Let me tell you so that you see what you see the Andre Rison and left. Yes. I saw that word. How did I not know? How did this 90s trivia skate me. I'm not know the left on Tupac had a thing did not know that and I know her and shewed didn't know that either remember when she went to death row and they did I never want her. Haven't seen it you need to get on that because the the Andre Rison Lisa left Lisa Left Eye Lopes has great don't have any faith one is very good as well. No her and Kim fought that much. No, I know. Like I said, they've had two hands like that. Listen. She calls on your ass Faith was beaten bitch's ass. I knew her and Mary weren't cool because because of that, but you know, I love big. He might be my favorite now. Well, it's him or not. Either way, but big dude was mad it was so he was so funny. Like it was funny just watching it. But it was also just so sad because that was when you kind of realize how young they were yeah, like big man and he's witty, he's married. I like to and somebody else's career is on the rise on the rise. And then you get the girl that looks just like her to be in the video about to my shit. Grab me a wild nigga made me just even that more sad that he's not around because he was kind of coming to that grown man perspective. We never I never got to see what they were going to become live-in pot. Like it was just the sad thing to me is just like you never you don't realize you know, because I was you know, he was in high school and that shit happened so they was all old us but now my God man like 24. Yeah when you look at the evolution of say like Jace, They'd really like nobody wouldn't be like Jay-Z going to be to do with three kids marriage when you look at him and you know, even your even your own personal growth how our favorite rappers at a certain time in our lives grew up in the fact that they didn't get that because I would love to see how they would be now they have to be married with kids and like yeah, I used to trick around on faith. Right, right. Yeah, and the thing is like big said that there's like footage audio inserts of the end of him. Being interviewed in that documentary where he's like, yeah, you know, I got me one more album and me and I'm out, you know, this is probably a 30 year old rapper. I can greet and little just back then to think that 30 was always old typical because no one saw it going that far. You know, I'm saying, I mean there I mean there was no 97. I mean how many 30 year old rappers in the game where they're you know, I mean, so it's yeah it was it was really sad, but but they are doubling down on the black content. Yes, they're giving us the salt and pepper document. The movie he saw salt pepper executive produced by salt and pepper together. I'm here for all of this be giving us the clocks. This is I'm here for that. The clock says you're correct. They gave us something else something else black they give is I can't remember. I haven't what old speaking of black shadow black and black nigga. Have you seen the the Tyler Perry movie hit you every why is it I have to take a quick break and we will discuss this afterwards. This was supposed to be a podcast where my day was breaking. Get down his musical genius. It's now become extra blackity black black black' TV criticism. You didn't know a movie criticism. You didn't know you leave me. It's right here. We'll be back in a moment more with Vontae. I promised hardcore foreign exchange little brother and fought they fans we are going to get back to submission so far from Grace the Tyler Perry movie he shot in five days. Four more days and he took the right. All right, so just seeing you. I just saw the nigga fake eating. I was like, okay, I'm but did you see the did you see the lace front high-top wig? There might be a good homie head-on. Yeah, that was good as I told a friend of mine that wig looked like it got to build and somebody five year old named because of how bad it is. Just like Tyler you're just open this multi-billion dollar Studio, dude. Like, okay. So what is the movie about? Okay first off this Tyler Perry movie checklist the someone diabetes. No, no Kate. I'm sorry Bingo. No one does have a know. What is the dark-skinned guy the villain know you would actually what does yeah, I mean if you the the do with the lace front he's skating God does come in and say hi. I'll take a lot. Yeah. Yeah, we did. It is a broken black woman who eats into space. It has a certain formula. All right. It's like watching James Bond. Yeah, you know what? Let me be clear. Let me be in our lives just so people don't get it fucked up. Listen, man. I support Tyler Perry. I'm so proud that brother. I mean, he really he got out the mud for real. Yeah. No I'm saying so all of us make the Tyler Perry with that said that said no, we don't we just get these jokes. The plot twist you didn't see it coming to see it coming. This is what were you like for real? Okay, tell me all the other Tyler Perry is shit is in this movie, but you like Chris was that's what it was. Whatever and this is and where is it? Just on Netflix. Yes. It's on Netflix. Yeah dog. Yeah, it's worth it's worth it. Okay, text me as soon as you want to as If I Were a Boy by so let's just do you know this boy behind the Marques Houston written movie? I'm so serious. I can't make this up. By stars whose in Boy by is neither is to see her neck Wendy Raquel. Yes, Wendy Raquel Robinson. Yes, she's in it and she plays as the like she's the, you know, the middle-aged black woman that can't find a man going through all the stuff that's a guy and you know, whatever but I mean in the movies called boy back, you know what it is. So that leads me to my questions your mail here as a black woman, you know it the age that we both are And it stays in my life. How did you go about finding love? Because the story I hear from my sister's out here is that is his rough idea and it's just trash well was always work for me is not looking or not trying that's real that has always worked for me. I'd never boils. Oh, that's damn. That's a that's a bar right there. Yeah. So me and my husband we met accidentally. I mean, I was a Grand Marshal of the homecoming parade and Michigan State where both of us with the school. But he's younger than me. So I'm a cougar and huh. Yeah. Yeah mini though because he's only five years are going to meet and so we met at homecoming at the black alumni tailgate amendments the Blackness and I was actually talking to a friend of his who was a friend of mine. I had never met him and so I'm talking to this mutual friend that we didn't know we had and he comes up and we the three of us get to talking and me he and I are like sort of flirt a little bit, but we just left it there at the tailgate and Later on that night at the black alumni party of which MC Lyte was DJing. Hey satellite for bringing love together and I saw that the party and I was thinking to myself when I saw him. What are the odds that you see the hot guy that you saw earlier than those things right? So I did what women tend to do in those situations with my eyes. I said to bring your ass over here. So that's your equivalent shooting a shot. You looked at him. Yes. I gave him a look at me. Look at the quote. My man, Vince Vaughn I fucked him. And so There's no use his term, but he came over we started talking exchange information and the rest is history, but I always tell women that I think is very beneficial for them to actually enjoy the dating part not dating part leading to a relationship but dating just a date not just a day that just have fun without the pressure and the stress and always feeling like it has to lead somewhere it doesn't it might just be y'all go out for three weeks. And then that's it. That'd be the end of it could be a month. It could be Be a couple days. It could be a one night stand whatever is your flow. Don't get caught up into letting your ovaries make bad decisions for you. So anyway, I feel like the more, you know star just shopping. So that's always been my advice. I can't understand how rough it can be some of it depends on how you socialize because I had this conversation when one of my girls Jesus made out of my wedding my girl Kelly and we she ice to juggle her about this all the time like Lee likes like Galas and going to like brunch and like real like cool shit to do but I was a girl and I mean I'll be there let you try to hook up with a gay man. Like yeah, we're not crunching. Yeah, everybody brush not branches like Brazen shit. No dude, just brush. It is a whole shout out to all the kappas it broke. Is universal. Okay. Well, I just never brush is like super late for people like us because if you don't like to be out past like 10 o'clock, that's not he's also a little ass Bunch. She'll be drunk as fuck by just o'clock and I've heard that I've heard, you know, the bottomless mimosas that's like a thing below some bellinis them. I never I never I never got to the brunch thing. And then I think what term even further away from That whole culture of like high-class like bougie nigga shit was dinner in Blanc the white parties that shit was you gotta bring your own picnic tables and chairs. I've heard about in your own food. Like what's the point? What's the point? We're fucking white look like I'm going to the fucking time drawing a cruise on I'm about to play with Frankie Beverly like nigga. Are you serious? I gotta go through all this just to eat some fucking. Yeah, no pressure like that to me. All that lecture DC birds. Do you see retches a different kind of different level of brunch you absolutely right? I got homies indeed a yeah, is it their brunch me will last up to seven PM you like. Damn. We doing this. Okay French tone is it clear to me the food is I highly highly recommend you get in on this brightness for it's like, you know anytime you have bottomless drinks and usually most of them have DJ's now that should be like the club but during the daytime. Are you a got a really - you could just sit at your table and eat and drink? Okay, first kind of like the wash nigger Club totally totally but it's got a little younger Vibe. It's like happy hour became my club time like happiola shit what to wear for p.m. I'll be there right when it start have Frozen 4 p.m. Is it for the 747 now fold here billion 400 400 Chuckles fuck by six at home in bed normal meal boom 10 if you can say and we right there. I've never I've never watched so your show I've just tell you it was one on shows that like I wanted to get like I had stars like back in the day and then I canceled it just because I was never home to watch this shit. So I was like, I don't need start but then power came in by the time I think by the time I finally got into it are already like three seasons and I was like, I don't want to start over. Yeah. I was like, yeah, I'm not just whatever it's worth it. I mean if you are looking for a longer Show to kind of commit to now look me and my husband we committed to Game of Thrones and we did it. The last season game with all my wife is on Game of Thrones dude in last season's trash them like the rest of the season completely worth you going back and and start from the beginning just can't get into dragons and Magic why we might either but it's so much trifling shit that happens in this like, it's real good shit. Okay, I'll get up again, especially with giving you're on the road a lot. I'm sure you always need like a show something. Yeah something power game of throw my I chose buried that was my that was my do Barry was hard but I never finished it though doing a finish like when I say the stakes go up like I mean it got to the point where I don't know how the fuck they gonna start season 3 The Way season to end it. Oh my God, that shit is hard body. Its just oh, well my mother should I just finish with you? Did you like it? Is it it's like a dark comedy romantic? So it's only like a stalker kind of some shit and he's a stalker you actually route for despite the fact he's a sociopath. Okay. You got me. Yeah. I'm a sociopath TV recommendations to take back with you. Did you watch God? What was the in the movies? Um, did you see Josie parasite yet? Did you see that not I've heard that this is excellent because this up for it Academy of nothing is fucking with the movie. Yeah. Everybody says that shit is hard body. Okay, that's hard 19:17. You saw that? I saw your review of it. I mean that's pretty much private. That's pretty much what I got. I got movies to get all you got TV shows to get on. Yeah, I'm sorry, you took it to a wonderful place, which makes it easier to get back to where we were before. I'm sorry. I had to boil your Mickey talk about this music. It's just what it is. Okay, this is what you do for a living is your fucking problem is that you're so good at doing this shit you are so I think where we left off when we're talking about may the Lord watch yeah the reaction that you got was it even better than you expected oh yeah absolutely you know like I said you just whenever you take time out of the marketplace even if you're working you know when you come back and you're starting over and so you know it was a lot of times that people with the biggest lesson I learned through it just to my career you can start in One Direction and then you can Branch out and all kind of other if directions but there's still going to be a big factor of subset of people that only know you for that so it was a bunch of people that when we came out with little brother with the new record they like oh man y'all back where y'all been and we like dude I've been working nonstop for the past fucking decade with the fuck you mean so do you find that there's not a lot of cross-pollination between your little brother fans of your foreign exchange there's not a lot if there really is something listen I've seen it firsthand I've been like on state there's Not even a lot of cross-pollination between like my solos up. So like I can be at a fe show and if I want to do like a solo song off my record, like I'll do it and they'll be like, okay Kudos. Now, you see that leave it all behind. Wow tough crowd, but you know, but that's I think it just speaks to just how you know, just kind of how fragmented the audience has become with the way we consume music the way music just drops at just Yep, a rate that no one can keep up with and so, you know people might know you with little brother, but they may not know foreign exchange or your solo records or tigil Arrow or Sherman showcase or the stuff you did with Zola or the stuff you did for Black Dynamite, like just all the things that you know, this the the career I've been building if you ain't doing that one thing that they know then you cease to exist now that is that is really fascinating to me because the root the way I discovered you one. I just As Twitter to recommend some people I should listen to this was this was a 2009 school no-holds-barred like free Ferguson to agree. It was a different place than a totally different place. Yeah. It was the best of times especially Twitter after dark. Holy shit, man. Because it was something it was multiple people. I was like, well, they must be something so let me check them out. So the first album I downloaded was leaving about leave it all behind. And of course I was like, where's this been all my life? This is the shame, but it made me go down the rabbit hole. That's why I said I'm surprised I was like who the fuck is this five-day cat? So then I started doing some other research I was like oh so he was in this group little brother all right let me download all a shit oh okay so let me download all the foreign exchanges yeah so it's like I went down the rabbit hole and then of course when you release your soul oh shit and took an arrow with a Robeson which is great the whole time I think I think the fact that it was a no 9 says a lot because it wasn't as that was kind of before right before you know music just became one big fucking algorithm you know I mean I think now people just kind of hear something they like it and you play it and it's just like okay you go to the next thing I don't know if is that much of a deep dive any more often you thought it is harder to hold people's attention owns that would necessarily say it's harder to hold people's attention I think it's harder to it's hard to find your way into a person's life with your music because whenever people you know I don't buy the argument of well well people have short attention spans niggas done being 60 episodes of Game of Thrones yeah I'm saying so it's not that people have short attention spans it's just that the way we consume music is different and now you know music because it's all consumed just pretty much be our phones it's pretty much lost all contexts so now there's no such thing as old music or new music there's just music You Know music you don't if you play a song from you know foreign exchange and then it goes to the next song in just a playlist or its songs generated that you may like based on this it completely foreign exchange and then it might play Eric Benet On from 20 years ago next to that so you have something that is quote unquote old next to something that is new. But it all exists in the same context. So when that way age doesn't matter its just oh, this is a cool new song. I'm hearing for the first time. You don't even think the stop to think how old it is. And so I don't really see a lot of that kind of deep diving anymore just because people are just so so inundated with choices. I thought it it's much harder for me to keep Up with music. Now a lot of it is that artists are releasing music at a astonishing rate. Yeah, like it's nothing for people to drop two albums in one year before it used to be like your favorite artists you had to wait like three years three four years, you be like damn I can't wait but I was bit Kendrick. He's still on that Kendrick. He still appreciate that because it allows me to keep up with everything. All right, my old ass I'll be like damn I one of my girls was clowning me because she was we were we were watching something and somehow the The artist The Dream came up. Oh, yeah, never heard this dude. Yeah, tereus - yeah fancy not just one but I literally have never listened to any of his music. She was like this can't be possible. I was telling you I've never heard of I know I had a rocking this shit. I mean that was writing that shit. I love your girl. I mean she started playing it. I was like, I ain't never heard never. Wow, I never heard any of it. Wow, so I'm not in clubs like that. I'm not like in like you said, it's so easy despite so much music you can wall yourself off as some shit and never hear it and You don't even know this isn't there are people that I mean the beauty about the game now is that you know, I can pull up on Spotify whatever and might like when my homies like yo man, check out you heard the song so I'm like nah, we'll check check them out. He'll send me a link. I'll pull it up and homie got like 2 million listeners, you know, I'm saying like, I'm just like, I mean, it's so many ways. It just it just shows that it's I mean this kind of become like porn almost in a sense that there's something for everybody. Yeah. I know. You type in whatever it is you looking for and there it is something there for you you're saying and so just like poor people others into their they like what they like and if you can appeal to just that market of people that like that right you good. That's how you gotta do that concludes part 1 of my conversation with fonte and part 2 is coming up this Thursday, but y'all know what's next fucking I'm bothered. because I want to make sure my black people stay safe and alive I have compiled a list of things that Society has determined that black people just cannot do black folks have had the police called on them for golfing barbecuing waiting and Starbucks standing in the lobby of their own apartment building walking eating and hell I'd be here all day if I listed all of it but let's add to the list of things black people can't do without creating fear and weak-ass races people is stretching our legs during a road trip after a swim meet the Eastern Illinois University Swim Team stopped at a rest area where they had arranged to meet the pairs of one of the members of the team before heading back to campus and Charleston Illinois Jane and Butler a member of Eastern Illinois swim team stepped off the bus to stretch his legs and take a selfie because it's what he and his teammates have been doing throughout this road trip and as Jamie was taking a selfie a line of police officers and I do mean a line came swarming in because his dad had like a lot of black parents had that talk with him about what to do if the police roll up on him Jalen instantly dropped his phone and held his hands high in the air now y'all know how that shit goes next despite being unarmed with his hands up the police threw him to the ground and officer press the knee in his bag Another one pointed a shotgun at his head and that same officer told him that if he moved he'd quote blow his fucking head off the bus driver and his coach frantically told these dumb races as officers. They were making a mistake the officers claimed they were told that Jalen had taken the bus hostage they accuse Jalen of resisting arrest, even though his coach and the bus driver said he never did that. They put him in the back of a squad car Pat him down search all his coat pockets, and this was after these These Pricks knew they had fucked up and didn't have the right person that they were allegedly looking for now after they did all this they uncuffed him told him to get back on the bus. Of course. No apologies. The fucked up thing. Is that as bad as that was it could have been way worse. Jalen could have been killed and that's not hyperbole. That's the reality of having skin that's been weaponized in this country. You can be a great student be the member of a Collegiate swim team. You can be the most respectful polite black. Person you could come from a two-parent home and it doesn't matter to the person who doesn't see you as human and intends to kill you. There is no right way for black people to handle a police encounter. There is no right way. We should have to live our lives in order to be respected by the people who are paid to actually protect us. We shouldn't have to be perfect in order to have our dignity recognized. I hope that Jalen's white teammates his white coat and the white brush driver truly. Stand what they witnessed that night. I hope they get that being black in America means living in constant fear that somebody will decide your worthiness as a person could be gone in a split second because that is what they have been conditioned to fear. Stay on bother. Jamel Hill is unbothered it's produced by Spotify Studios and unbothered ink and recorded and edited by Rich burner and Cadence 13 Ashley Van Horn is our head of talent Evan dick is our executive producer and Denise Holly is the program manager our theme music is provided by Cory green leaf and been Darwish you can find more from me on Twitter and Instagram at Jamel Hill