Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am joined by Chris Miller better known as windy. So Chris, how are you? I'm good. Thank you gauge.Yeah, so it's good to have you on do you want to go ahead and just tell all the people what you're involved in and all the things that you're doing right now? Sure. So I guess I'm most known for Twitter. So I'm I've got a Twitter account a twin decoys, which I've been running for recordist. It's 10 years. Now, which makes me feel really old I've been in I've been on Twitter since the very early days where everyone was really nice to each other things have changed since then but The thing I'm kind of working on the most at the moment is a Spurs podcast called the extra inch so we are roughly a weekly podcast and we generally cover like reviews of the games that we've just played and we sometimes these previews and we try and kind of dig a Little Deeper under the surface of Spurs games and talk about tactical Intrigue and try and make some kind of long-term projections and on that podcast. I'm joined by Nathan a Clark Is a bit of a tactical analyst in Guru and body who is a regular panelist from the fighting cock who is Italian and that's the only thing I will say about him. The only thing that needs to be said about him, I think yes. Yeah. So as you probably have deduced we're going to be doing a Spurs special here. We actually had our first special was with another guy called Chris from a Bergkamp Wonderland where we talked all things Arsenal which of course for me is a miserable experience, but But we're here to flip it to the other side of North London and get things going from my perspective. So yeah, thanks for joining us Chris. And I guess let's just Dive Right In so obviously Josie Marino, let's go straight for the road. It's been around a hundred days. I think it was a couple days ago that I saw it was his 100th day in charge. So it's very early doors obviously, but what's your initial perspective on Josie's 10? And how he's started to implement his philosophy so far its birth. Mmm. So this is something I've gone over a million times in my head already and I've had various interactions and Twitter and I think the way I see it. The moment is it's way too early to judge and I mean that in so many different ways. So I think we're going to really struggle to be able to fairly judge Josie Marino until probably next Christmas. But we need to give him a significant amount of time because this squad was so broken when he took it over and you know, it didn't seem that way because of the Champions League run and the way that it's your boy Justino kind of got a tune to some degree out the team during that Champions League run. But when you look back at the league form in essentially all of 2019, it was not good. It was going downhill for a long long period of time and there were other problems in the squad as well. So The things I would say, we're in years done. Well so far are getting rid of players that don't want to be there. So Christian Eriksen was very very sorry to see him go. He's been one of the best Spurs players in recent history, but he wanted out so so why keeping their Danny Rose has long wanted out of Tottenham and it was long overdue that he left so I was pleased to see that happen and he's brought in Steven Bergman who I think is very promising young player with We've not necessarily seen the best thing so far. He's brought in jedson who seems to add some kind of legs in Midfield and he's brought in japhet Tonga from our Academy whose added another option at the back. So there were some positives there under Mourinho but it's way too early to judge him with still not a good team. There are still fundamental flaws in our Squad in our tactics in the mentality of the players. There's Fitness issues throughout the side and it's concerning and I don't think this is going to be a very pretty end of the season and I think to be honest the best we can hope for is just grind it out and finish Fifth and the hope that man City's Champions League bandstands. Yeah. Yeah, I would agree totally with that. I think it's so hard to judge. It was even hard to judge patino correctly at the end of his tenure whenever the whole like punch in punch out debate was raging because of how Wretch the squad was and like you said that Champions League run really made it seem like everything was okay and at time mean let's be honest things were diabolical really throughout the entire year of 2019. Yeah. And yeah, so I think Marino has definitely shown progress and it's still every Spurs match is still an anxiety filled roller coaster and but we are showing some progress and I think largely it's terms of his actual utilization of what he has at his disposal. I think I haven't had too many problems with his team selections. I thought Chelsea and wolves were a bit strange. What did you make of this? So I went on a bit of a tirade on our last show after the Chelsea game about how much I hated the back five and how strange it was to see him Implement that in the Chelsea game and then we saw I guess sort of a mutation. And of that against wolves, do you think what do you think about that like because I'm having such a hard time justifying the utilization of the back five because it's so limiting particularly with that bank of four in the Midfield and then it completely in the Chelsea game wasted Giovanni less. Also who I would say has been our best player this season by and large. Yeah, and I fully agree and I think that was the that was the issue in the Chelsea came the fact that less Elsa was stuck out on the right hand side. And you need him as the central or Chrome the the creative Outlet in the team give him the ball and hope that he can make something happen because we have so few other players that make things happen and the difference. I suppose the evolution from the Chelsea game to the the walls game is what firstly that the cells so is is was impossible Central which is good, but also the full-backs for the wing-backs been a lot higher and that's partly I think due to the opposition. He plays in mid week. We're aware of that. We could probably push off all back tire and not worry so much about them coming down the sides. Whereas Chelsea with a perhaps concerned a little bit about very prominent good attacking wing-backs in reach James is a very promising player and Marcus Alonso who is very experienced and someone who scores regularly. So that was good in a way that we kind of were able to stamp our Authority bit more and wolves but there were so many witnesses from an individual perspective. In that match the defensive errors were glaring and you know, Eric dies performance has been scrutinized and rightly so because he was particularly poor at the back but I feel he's so Maria so restricted by the options available to him and that was kind of accentuated by the fact that when and on Billy came on he was so it's kind of one paste. He was really good on the ball. Obviously, he's always very good in the boy is very slick. He beats players for fun. Is a forward pass but he just looks like he's running through treacle and this is kind of typical of the issues that were in use facing where he basically has eleven twelve thirteen feet players to pick from week to week and he picks the best combination that he has and hopes for the best and it's tough It's really tough. It is tough and it strange we seem to get these injuries that sort of come out of nowhere or they resurface so lamella, obviously As one that I mean his entire Spurs career has been littered with injuries and like little and big things that have kept him out of the side. But then even just this weekend Ryan Sesame on picked up an injury seemingly out of nowhere Hugo Lloris picks up an injury seemingly out of nowhere and so players like you say, we barely have enough fit players to fill an entire side. And so it is very challenging for for Marino. I thought during the Wolves game. I was absolutely perplexed by Ben Davis The Curious Case of been Davis really because every game he's played under Mourinho so far. It's been pretty clear that the strategy with him is to like hold his position more defensively and sometimes slot in is that extra Center Mac? Whether that's you know, the fourth run or the third Center back in a back three or the fourth defender in a back for with this Wolf's thing because obviously we had three quote unquote recognize centre-backs and then Davis slides over but then in the Wolves game Davis spent so much time particularly in the second half even forward and I I mean a lot could be said I think for both of wolves goals, they came down his side if I'm right in saying that and I don't know it just been Davis that instruction for him was interesting to me because we haven't seen him do that all season so far and I figure that the the role of the more attacking wingback has actually been filled relatively admirably by Sir. Okay so far and I was perplexed by that a little bit. Yeah, I agree again. I think Davis has his uses as the kind of like you say that the play that sits back and helps build a tax, but doesn't join the attacks and when he's asked to push forward and ask to beat a player and kind of whip across in that's that's not his skill set. He's quite good at arriving late on the scene and and finding a pass into the area. He's not capable of beating his man with the ball at his feet. He's not someone who hit the type who will hit touchline too often. That's not his thing and I felt he struggled. I don't think he would have necessarily started had Sesame on benefit. I think knowing that we were going to play with wing-backs higher. I think Sesame on would have been a better pick on the left. That's true. And so again, Marina is just restricted by injury and the availability of Snell and Davis is a player who is fine. Like he's he's not a bad backup player to have he can kind of fit in in multiple position. It's a steady Eddie kind of thing. He's a steady Eddie. You don't want him starting in a team that wants to be finishing in the top four in the Premier League or even higher. Ideally you don't want him starting for you. Yeah, I would agree with that a follow-up question to that. I suppose is how sustainable do you see the asymmetrical shape being for Spurs because So I sort of see it as being a Band-Aids over a bullet hole kind of thing. And I'm not sure if this asymmetrical sort of positional type of formation that Marino has been employing particularly obviously in the case of surgery a as we keep or as I keep mentioning, but how sustainable DC that being a do you think eventually hopefully next season after he's had a window a proper window really to bring in players that he needs. Do you think he'll revert to a more traditional? Style or do you think we'll continue to see this asymmetrical positional formation? So I think he likes to have a fixed number of players who will like to primarily defend a fixed number of players who likes primarily attack and that's a much more pragmatic approach than Roots here budgeting took and so it's possible that the asymmetrical system stays I think more likely is that he jettisons that and we buy more natural. Holding midfielder and the he gets the kind of defensive numbers purely because we have a player who holding Midfield and at the moment. I see this as a sort of means to an end given that the players we have at our disposal are Ben Davis and surgery a Ben Davis is better at defending than going forward surgery a is absolutely not a defender in any way shape or form he is I mean, he's fine holding his position on the right and he'll put In two or three good crosses a match and you know, he's got a great goal against also I don't want to downplay is attacking influence too much but he has such an unreliable player and he's not someone again. I mean like Davis you don't want surgery a to be playing in your strongest team. If you're if you have top for aspirations, we need to upgrade that position. So I think you like you say if we if Mourinho gets through the next window and gets the players that we need then Davis. Probably Winx are out of a team. Whereas of the First Choice team the cam rotation players and we're able to adjust the system to a sort of more if not symmetrical system that are more balanced system that allows flexibility. Yeah, the defensive midfielder is really almost the sort of biblical answer to all or well not all of our problems, but most of our problems. So here's an interesting one for you. I just had this thought while you were talking let's say we do bring in a competent right back who is capable of Finding and can play that position up to an adequate level. Would you would you be opposed to keeping sirs are a on as a squad player if he were used theoretically in a man, I would say Midfield or more attacking role. So they keep him away from the right back position at all costs or is that even that is a stretch I'd say maybe yeah, I think it's a stretch. I think the only reason you keep surgery a is if you can't sign to write bags. I think the ideal solution to me is we sign a highly competent right back whose say 2425 has good experience is able to come in and hit the ground running and then we sign a kind of 19 20 year-old right back probably from the championship because there were lots of good right back in the championship and that that will allow us to rotate and that will allow us to have future-proofing on the right hand side. And I think if we manage to do that then we sell surgery a few. Or roughly what we paid for him which is like 24 million and we get those wages of the wage bill. I think he's on something like seventy seventy thousand pounds a week, which actually isn't a huge amount in the context of the Premier League but is a huge amount in the context of Spurs. So for a 20, what is he 28 now, I think twenty seven twenty eight twenty seven twenty something like that. I think it's time to move him on I don't see him. Drastically improving that's not to say players can't be heard. I believe that all players are capable in of improvement. But I think the safest option is to move him on and 2 by 2 right backs. It's very parallel to what happened with Moussa sissoko almost because we saw that Resurgence of Moussa sissoko, or I don't know if it was even a Resurgence just the emergence of Moussa sissoko into becoming a competent footballer and but he's another one of those players that you I mean, I would certainly say he's not a top for prayer. Like starter. Mmm. Yeah, see I'm a little Against the Grain on that. I don't believe he's a competent footballer. I feel like had he had he not been so poor in his first 18 months. I don't think we would be seeing him as this cult figure right now. I'm in that. I know that's Phil's cruel because he genuinely tries so hard he is one of the hardest workers in the squad and don't get me wrong that has some benefits because he helped he helped set the tempo in game. There's no doubt about that and he's very physical and he's aggressive and he's pressing his good but in terms of Competency, I just think his skill set is so narrow. He's so nice in what he can provide and when he plays in Midfield of Winx, it is a horror show and you look at the numbers alone and the numbers will tell you that they are absolutely not sustainable to Central Midfield pairing and Winks carries. The weight of those numbers and Winks is not a good enough Central midfielder, but you know in most combinations he needs someone. Defensively sound alongside him sissoko just does not do enough. He's first instinct is to burst forward with the ball emptying the Midfield and often leaving Winx by himself, and we just can't cope with that in the current structure. Yeah, and honestly, maybe one of the things that made sissoko this sort of paragon of virtue in our team was how bad our Midfield was you never he was experiencing that you know, whatever you want to call it emergency, I guess. And honestly, I do we have a midfielder. That's not Niche. I feel like all of our midfielders are very very Niche and what they provide maybe lascelles the only exception but he yeah, he is the only one he's obviously a very new quantity probably somewhat unknown still and maybe still has some developing to do hopefully at least but all of the other players are very either Niche or don't have working legs in the case of you know, one Jama and dire so Yeah, I think that's one of the reasons why sissoko is held up so highly but anyway, that was a bit of a tangent. But yeah, I would say serves Ras in the same category as that is that we are so bad that whenever a player turns up and puts in a 5 out of 10 or six out of ten performance consistently. It appears to be you know, the second coming of Christ or whatever you like. So yeah speaking about Niche midfielders. Let's talk about Delhi Ali a little bit because he is someone that divides our fan base more than anything almost problem may be other than Daniel Levy. He's probably the thing that divides our fan base. So like polar opposite lie, that's not a phrase but people are always either extremely against Delhi or extremely for Delhi alley and there's no in-between and obviously the truth probably is somewhere in between. So, where do you stand? Delhi and what what is his role in the future of this this team? Because honestly if all of our players were fit and we had a and you told me pick pick your preferred 11. I think Delhi for me is the one that just misses out. Hmm interesting. Yeah. I mean, I think I think there will be lots of fans that would say the same thing and I think it kind of depends on what system you use the thing is with Deli his skills. Has his key skills are things that will often fly under the radar amongst football fans because they're not necessarily tangible or obvious. He's really really good at moving into space. I would say he's Elite. He's basically lead to his perception of where spaces and how to arrive there and arriving at the right time, but then he's not Elites in the other areas to take advantage of that. So he's finishing is varying. Assistance his pace is not that great. He can move fairly quickly, but he's not kind of elite levels of pace. His work crates is okay, generally, but he can sometimes look disinterested. So you end up with a player who's got a really imbalanced skill set. I suppose and I think to get the best out of him. You have to play in the final third. I mean, so it's something I've said on our podcast quite quite a lot recently is I Ali liked Delhi when he played from the left and he went through a period of scoring lots of goals where he paid from the left in a 43 1 he was kind of joining the attack late and getting on the end of crosses the back post and he was able to cut into the box cut back onto his right foot and create things and essentially when son came and settled into the team. He took that place Delhi moving to the middle and was really good again, and since then because of our Midfield issues he's had to drop Found deeper and deeper and he's ended up becoming essentially as the third man in the Midfield and and in a strange way him moving forward now because the injuries to Cain and Tucson might help kind of re-spark some of his attacking into things which have been a little lost over the last year. I think delis suffered with the kind of general downturn of Tottenham Hotspur and that's really unfortunate for him. But I don't think is the cause of it. I think he is his son. Fortunately a victim of it the thing is as well. He doesn't help himself. So all this off Pitch stuff, you know his crazy Snapchat will drive fans mad because he just comes across as a kid, you know and uneducated kid who's doing stupid things and that will frustrate because you know that you just want him to to be the player and the man that we hope he can be and seeing that makes you think Maybe he's not there yet. But he's young. He's really young and you know, no one's perfect. I guess is the is the answer to that? Yeah, and like you were saying that he's suffered from the downturn of the entire Club. Generally we had this really strange phenomenon where part ratinho came in and basically wipe the squad clean and came in with the new players. That was I mean, there's that picture that gets flooded around a lot of the it's a lineup against I think we were playing Chelsea in the 16th 17th season and it's like this is the Spurs team of the decade. I think Nathan actually may have been the one that propagated that That group of players that were so good throughout That season all peaked at the exact same time. And then they they're all experiencing this like Mutual Decline and the same rate. I feel like and that's something that you don't really see too often. And so for that reason, I think we maybe got a little bit unlucky well lucky and unlucky and that all of our players peaked at the same time and because you look at Liverpool and and City and the likes of them and obviously they have more investment and they Done. They've made smarter recruiting decisions and the likes of that but they have players peaking at different times. And so I think that's one of the things that has helped them a lot. Obviously you could say that this season has been a peak for them, you know consistently throughout the year, but I don't know that's just something that I think about a lot and the fact that why we are seeing such a stark Decline and in the way that the team is performing. Yeah, I think you'll I think this boson and it's it's a symptom of not refreshing the squad. Not properly which we know we've all spoken about that and and purchase new protected that and most people would blame Daniel Levy for that person. The I blame quality know just as much as Levy because I kind of feel like he knew the constraints he was working with in and I don't feel that there's just one way of refreshing a squad which is spending 50 million and a player. It's it's a kind of whole host of options and some of those involve bringing Who plays from the academy or signing young English prospects from the championship and I feel like Pusha T. No could have done either of those things and chose not to so maybe he thought he could encourage then you leave it to spend some spend some money for a change, but with history in his mind, he should have been aware that that was unlikely. The stadium is being built etcetera Etc. So yeah such as history such as life, I guess. Yeah party know it's funny because he made himself or he made Spurs out of doing just that bringing players in from the academy bringing players in Wild Ellie Ellie. He got from League one. I think where they MK Dons within they were in League one at the time they were they were yeah and so he built his philosophy on that and then towards the end of his tenure. He didn't really do that again. I mean dummy Ali was the last example I can think of of buying a championship. Well, if you don't count Sesame on which I don't really because that fee was pretty large even and he played in the Premier League for a season. Anyway, so Delhi Ali was really the last player that he did that with where we had a competent recruiting decision and then Pacino sort of invested in him and brought him up to be what he is now. Yep. Yeah. Yeah you right and and the thing is even with Sesame on we know for a fact we've been watching Sesame on for three years. And we could have signed him for a lot less money a long time ago. So we looked at d'marie gray with its out luqman Charlton time. We looked at James Madison when he was really cheap when he was leaving Coventry not even Norwich and and these are players Max Aaron's again. We watch for a long time. These are players who were available for very little we could have signed them and loaned them out because I signed them and used them in cups, and we chose not to do. And that's fine if that's your strategy, but then you have to accept when you know, you don't get your 50 million pound player. There are there are other ways of doing business and I feel that we missed the trick there and I hope that that's something we'll come back to in the next year in terms of signing some some of the talent because England is producing some of the best players in Europe right now, and we need to tap into that. Yeah, I agree wholeheartedly and I think Tango perhaps is the example of a step in that direction. Now which is something that is positive for sure and I can only hope that Mourinho doesn't go the same way of Pacino and thinking that Levi is going to provide. I don't know why I said it like that Levi is going to provide this massive Financial backing because the fact of the matter is he's not and whether people think that's good or bad. I personally think it's financially sound is a different matter entirely, but I just hope that Marino and Levi are able to sit down and then have A conversation like that and that Marino can develop these young players because contrary to the stigma he does actually have a pretty good record with young players. And so yeah, I mean, I guess I'm hopeful for that speaking of young players and English Talent. Let's talk about a little bit about the academy right now. The elephant in the room is Troy. Parrot. I don't really want to talk about him that much because everyone's talking about him and there's I'll just Say this there's a lot of commotion from our fan base over a player that most fans including myself have seen play for a total of what is it now 7 minutes and I'm not saying that he doesn't deserve the commotion, but I'm just saying I think it's a little bit ridiculous. But in any case what players in the academy aside from Troy parrot, do you see as being viable options to break into the team in the future? I know Harvey white particularly is one that interests you I think Yeah, I think white is a really I think white is someone to watch for sure. I don't see Harvey white being Elite or I mean, so there's two ways of looking at this. So what we should see our Academy as is capable of producing players who are good enough to be Squad players at Tottenham and anything else is a bonus. So I strongly believe that one maybe two a year of our Academy prospects given that we take kind of eight nine ten a year into the Academy. I think one or two a year could be Squad Squad players. So at the moment we have all of the skip use taking up a squad players we have It's and ganga skip is barely playing. Unfortunately, I think I mean I could talk for hours about the situation. He's in but in terms of who is currently in the academy that could add who could join the squad and be a viable option. I think white is probably a season away. He needs a loan. He probably needs six months out on loan and then see what happens. I see him. Someone said that he reminds me of James ward-prowse and since I heard that I thought Yeah, that is an absolutely perfect comparison. He's very tenacious and the tackle pieces complete set piece specialist. He's got brilliant left foot. I genuinely think he's the best set-piece taker at the club and I include all of our first team place and I think I'm absolutely best effort. He's very very good from set-pieces Corners free-kicks direct free-kicks. He's excellent. So yeah, I think he's definitely a players to keep an eye on in terms of making the squad. I don't think he's going to be like I'd he's definitely hurricane levels, but Very few will be aside from that is tough to kind of stuff to look Beyond Troy power. I mean, he's he is. He's one of the best Academy players we've produced the thing is about power. He joined as a sixteen-year-old. So we some people would say we've got produced him. He joined from a club in island called Belvedere. And in many ways. He was a ready-made Talent. So he was already playing men's football at 16. He's been been capped already at such a young age of 17. He is a phenomenal talent, but he comes with baggage and I think what Josie Marino is made clear so far is that not everything is ready for him yet. He's mentally not quite there and I think what we'll see because we have to use him is that he'll get minutes here and there and hopefully it will be a case of you know, if I give you some minutes I expect you to step up emotionally and mentally To the end and show me your dedicated to becoming a top Elite professional player at Tottenham Hotspur. And if that doesn't happen, then you won't get used but he's a incredibly talented Striker. He's he's certainly one of the best Academy players that I've seen come through at Spurs I'd say other than that wheat so we've got juniel Bennett who is a primarily a left Winger who is a very exciting attacking option wouldn't surprise me if he he got some minutes at some point over the next year, even if it's like 10 minutes off the bench and a cup game and then the serkan who is a left-back who is excellent has represented England at lots of different age groups. He's currently injured so he's wearing a protective boots on his ankle at the moment. I don't think his injuries been publicized but he's definitely out of action for a while, but he's a really promising player as well. But other than their my I think we need to send players out on loan to really Age whether at before we can make judgments on any of the others. Yeah. So what about our current loan crop? So we've got the likes of Luke a mess while Luke Amos and Jack rolls are the two that I was Keen to ask about because I know Luke Amos actually had quite a quite a good season for QPR. Yeah. I'm I think he he is a casualty of the his Spurs under 23s as many players before have been and players continue. Like players continue to be casualties of are under 23 S in that he's he's not really hadn't Direction. So he as a sort of sixteen-year-old. He broke into the under-18s playing mostly kind of a box-to-box or attacking Midfield role eventually ended up playing deeper as a holding midfielder and was doing very competent job at that when he came to the under-21s overtime now in the 23 years he was playing left back because there was no one else that they left back. He was willing and it kind of gave him an opportunity to get games at a older level with more physical players more physically will develop players where he wouldn't be exposed to often so left that kind of made sense for a few games. He got stuck there and he wasn't playing me feel very often and it was a problem for him. And you kind of he you see players deteriorating done three 3s at a rapid rate, and he just needed to go on low and we weren't prepared to do that. Eventually we have sent to unload and it's been really great for him. He was great the stevenage. He was very Good in his first better. Keep you always going back this season and I probably would expect him to join them permanently at the end of the year. What I imagined what happened is that will sign ever actually is a from keep ER who is a very good attacking midfielder and we'll send Luke a moss the other way. That's that's kind of that's my wild prediction for what happens, right? Yeah. I hope that happens because I've been keeping an eye on as a myself for a while and I know he's he is certainly one that we could use Jack rolls. Do you know much about him? Yeah. So Jack Rose is a very another Niche player. We like our Niche players. He's exceptional at breaking into the box. His timing of the run is brilliant. He scores load of goals because he knows when to arrive is a very smart player. I think he's going to be a late developer because he was another one who was very quite tall but quite look not very very slight very easily knocked off the ball for a long time and he'll have learnt hell of a lot in the The to the Cambridge United this season about men's football. He's got a lot of injuries and I suspect that's not just muscular things, but from being kicked because you know a bit of a flair player in that that level and this would have done in the world of good whether he's good enough to be a Tottenham player. I don't know I've seen stranger things happen. I think he is so nice that it could go one way or another but he's certainly got the right temperaments. He's very physical in terms of commitments. He's quite spiteful player, which you know, we do like a spiteful player. It Spurs who someone is prepared to put a foot in and he's good. He's a good finisher. I don't know. I probably would see him being a championship player, but it wouldn't surprise me if he went on the pre-season tour next year and then you know things can happen in the preseason players make a name for themselves getting noticed and then they can end up getting an opportunity and I would love to see that happen with rolls. Yeah. All right. I think that is just about all that I've got for you. So I guess some closing thoughts. It's not as bad as it seems I don't think it's for us it feels bad right now because of how poor these last few results have been but for my perspective, it's not as bad as it seems because we do have a top top class manager and Josie Marino. We have a top-class chairman. And we have top-class players in the squad who will come back and will make a difference when they get back fingers crossed. Kane doesn't go to the Euros or get injured at the arose. And yeah, I think after this summer like you say around this Christmas period will be able to judge truly how well it's gone. But I think we're still feeling the after-effects of the tail end of the punch of Tino era and I think just a little bit of time. We'll we'll be able to fix that up. Up for us. Do you agree with that or do you have any other closing thoughts? I completely agree with you. I think the way we've remodeled the club over the last five years means we can now afford to pay higher wages to better quality players and what we need to learn is when to sell when to sell players essentially if we can sell players when they're at their Peak or just passed it like Liverpool did with coutinho and make some money to then reinvest in. Younger models then we'll be really well set because like you say we've got some fantastic Talent at the club. I mean, even if you just look at the last few signings the cells own ee Sesame on these are these are re and Berg veneer. These are really good talented young players who are hungry and can definitely do good things at Spurs. It's just getting the blend right now. We need to have a good blend of the right types of players and it will take Marino one or two more windows to get to that. Point I think and we'll see. We'll see what happens a year from now. I have faith. I think it would be crazy to give up on this this new project. I understand why people feel that Mourinho is a short-term missed appointments. I think we need to not judge him just yet and just see what happens because everything's there. Everything is there the would allow us to become a success and I just hope it happens. Season so do I so do I? All right? I think that will just about bring our second slap cast special to the clothes. We thank you, of course for joining us and we thank Chris for coming on. Thank you very much Chris for a hearty welcome. I know you had to take time out of your holiday to come on the show. So we're very appreciative of that. And you know, I hope you enjoyed it and I hope all of you listening enjoyed it and if you want to find us on Twitter you can at The Slap. Cast and so we're doing a few interesting things on there. You may have seen our most recent poll. If you haven't just go look at it. It's funny. So yeah, I think that'll be it and that's going to be a good buy from us.