You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who are listening to all service project podcast welcome. And so since we just started right it's a new podcast for us. So I thinking like maybe we should start out slowly. We have to know each other and introduction ya know who he is. Maybe you don't know who I feel is yeah, you know, This is what you deserve. So let's with myself. Okay. Alright, so my name is 1/5. All right, I was born in the States but not American interesting. Yeah, and definitely not Philippines because why I got that a lot of people think I'm Filipinos. You look like a Philippine pretty I think I'm much better-looking the confidence but not to the extent of Very good. Yeah, I think because of the slang because you know how Philippines they speak English and with the American slang but they don't look that marriage is a yeah, so they just called me a Philippines. Okay. Never mind. I don't mind that so aside from that fun facts about me. I love singing and I can sing. Okay. I like literally I use what can you sing? Do you have like a background in singing? I can sing opera. Oh, okay. No, God, please no. No. Yeah, but yeah, I think singing has been part of me since I was small even back then I do like participate in a few competition, you know singing competition singing competitions never really want any of it. But yeah, so yeah, yeah. Is the signal right and side from that I Love Sushi. What kind what kind I can say like most of the sushis. Yeah anything Sushi. I just love it like for my personal favorite I can see I'll go if Salman yeah, I think someone is my favorite. Also you eat Sashimi. Oh, yeah, like raw salmon raw fish. I love heals as well. Okay, interesting, Maggie. I eat sushi too, but I'm working my Sushi. And Sushi is I do it every sushi in the sushi family. So how about you and I yeah, since I first read a bit about himself I shall show everyone myself. Okay, so bear with me so first things first. - formation that he was born in the States but known very good. I am born in Singapore. But I'm definitely a Singaporean born here raised here went to school here lived my life basically here in Singapore and all right sunny island of Singapore from Thule. They can we find fact is that I can sleep anytime anywhere because I really have this tendency of doing things on the go. On my phone, I can do a bunch of things. So I was thinking to myself if I can do all those things. It means that I can also sleep. Wow. Anyway, I can't even you know sleep in a mighty way. I you standing holding onto the pool. And yeah, I just doze off and the next thing I know I missed my stop. So if you see he died, yeah, anyway, the emergency and her eyes are closed. Maybe you should try waking up the baby. She misses stopped again and perhaps I'm just had one since you mentioned you love sushi. I love children finding no wastage of energy. Yeah, I think so. Is it like with yo similar? It's made up of something similar to create the out but it's eaten with those like what do you call it? Soy sauce? Yeah, so and a little bit of some yeah, I can literally eat cheese young fun for an entire week. Yeah, but I think that's literally quickly. All right, it is different. I do not attest to it being a little bit. Introduction to this whole podcast Channel and first things first most importantly just so you know, this podcast is actually powered and supported by burritos. All right. So what is producing Daya this is where I want you to share what four times I personally know that for those has a very rich history and I think that you don't pronounce has been here in Singapore for such a long time. I guess. It's really time for people to really enjoy. No better about per hour said what you have to offer and very fact that they are actually powering and sponsoring this podcast channel is something that we are truly grateful. Yeah, I think we should like maybe try and give a brief introduction about what you guys need to know about four dollars. Right? So prowse actually has a 50 year of History providing educational and leadership development services to the community. You know, it's DS. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. It's like literally like the age of my grandma. Okay. Yeah, that's how awkward that was is in Singapore. He has been a benefit. Yeah, they have been around for quite a long time. So today Paris is actually a Muslim nonprofit organization whose core programs evolved around equipping the community with critical Knowledge and Skills that will shake the development of a virtuous and Progressive Society. Be interesting. It's like from the youngest of human beings to the oldest. Yes through so interesting about protocols. Like we provide products actually provides all forms of education for all ages. All right. So whether you have a baby or maybe you have your own grandmother grandfather who maybe wants to learn more right? So you guys just can come to per dose and inshallah we can just offer you all the things that We can offer. Yes. Oprah was very interesting. It's a very wholesome experience and I also heard that for those provides a holistic experiential learning. Yeah Egypt. So if you are interested, you can always hit on two pedals and find out more. So you're going back to our podcast 3 so initially if you want to know a bit of a background story, we went through a whole entire process of actually naming this forecast. Oh, yeah. Appointment. Okay, let's name it. You know, the old true is Project you'll notice that they'll be two elves which is something that we will explain to you in a bit but also at the same time if you take out the acronyms is literally t a P10 and I don't know why but I feel for so into temples test project, but perhaps maybe why we decided on the all trees project. Yeah, so I think The idea is so why we call it bad. Yeah, I guess aside from Korean like a catchy phrase for your catchy name for each step. But sometimes people might get confused whether like our podcast. Is it about is it really like hold the Outreach project? Maybe people might confuse it with like that as a new technology because because we literally like try searching for theft in the internet and Yeah, well I lift people at least you'll just like opening packs and see the water moving on to the best. Yeah, we hope to shed some light on this. Yes, the name of this box the podcast actually derived from our Thailand, which is the best of you those who benefit others right? And so for you guys like for your information the ulcerous or do what else with the surface mount? So for people who care about others helps them and brings benefit without expecting. Anything in return so that's what you call an outro is. All right. Yeah, and basically on this whole trees idea we to believe that it is a value which is very pertinent in every individual. And in fact, it's for everyone and for oh, so basically what all in L3 is combines because the name of our podcast and that's you know, instead of just being altruists. We added A Creative Touch to it recent results is Or Chuy's get it. Oh, so he's cool right after you yeah, I find this. Yeah. Yeah, it's true. So in conclusion, that is actually not water tank is not that what it know it is yeah. Yeah anything related to water but is actually a Acronym to the altruist project. All right, so don't forget to tap like on our Instagram account, which is the altruistic and underscore project or our Twitter account, which is the ultra sproat. I just got project as well. It's a name and please do like and follow us for the latest updates and solo and you know through this podcast. I'm sure you see it through tap TP. We hope our listeners to see the Chance of benefiting others in all that we do that again because the best of you are those who benefit others and speaking about benefit right out these lets us share with our friends watching you right now what they can actually benefit from 10 or the old trees project. All right. So let's start with first things first. Yeah our podcast we focus a lot on current issues and how to deal with it in a positive manner handspike. Affecting added right so you can see that we are actually on an important mission to make sure that everyone is hyped up to be and all through is yeah. So because our mission is to benefit at this on the road to as a righteous Society or some wannabe. If and secondly, we hope to have a project. So basically what we call the episodes is Project. Yeah. I hope you don't get confused in that manner, but we hope to have our projects uploaded every fortnight. Which is bi-weekly and some of which we will be having guests over to share their thoughts ideas and experiences on certain issues certain concerns or a certain topic. Yeah, and finally, we are looking at practical ways in which we can all be all through it. Yes and aside from that my fellow what we call our our listeners, so I would like to call our listeners as the peppers right? Well Because some people might think that that position like Peppa is in the animals - no, I'm not gonna you guys animals, right? We have an Instagram account. Maybe we can, you know, get our followers to like give us some ideas on our community. Oh, yeah. He likes members something along the lines of be all trees project. Yeah. I'm really actually really looking forward if you guys can share what your idea I see ya. So we And just like doing this all together, right? Yeah. Oh true. No through is. Yeah. All right all together all trees. So going back to our website line, which is the best of you are those who benefit others. So usually we would think that benefiting others can only happen by doing all the big things. Right? But some people might not know the truth is we can benefit others as well in doing little things. Yeah, right. That's true. Like I don't have to go. And save the world. Yeah arrested are you don't have to be something big or be part of something big just because you went to benefit. I just don't make a change. Yeah, just like you listening to this podcast too can benefit others as well. Yes. So as we all know this world is filled with frustration with confusion with pain with arguments with conflicts and divisions and all the negativity in this world, but sometimes if we get so wrapped up in that we forget how beautiful it's so can be still is that is so through through through through main point is you don't want him to put out there to be the benefit to be the change, you know, instead of waiting for the person next to you instead of you know, thinking someone else will do what needs to be done instead of hoping things will shift Improve in time most importantly, you yourself be the change you do something. You bring benefit to whatever situation that you are in right now. Yeah, so and it all starts with you. All right. So when you notice someone struggling why not try and offer to help ya this being like a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, but instead you're not Spider-Man who's gonna swing from house to house. You can just do those creases. I just walk No, right a bike do something and if you see like anyone literally anyone especially you have like a lot of our old people right? Tell the LIE. Yeah the elderly so yeah in need of help. So why not this offer help right. Also a helping hand be useful be beneficial. Yes and aside from that if you feel tempted to speak with anger try to hold your tongue and not Get out because usually when people speak out with anger, they will end up with frustration or maybe they will repent of yeah, they feel regret leaving, you know, this it is not good for you. Not good for the person not good for the situation. Yeah, because usually if one person speaks with anger and then the other one is puzzle, I guess like why everybody teacher yeah, so you can just like spread and it's gonna be hard for you to put it out. Yeah, right. So when life gets complicated it just remember praying breathe and hold on. All right seek the truth instead of spewing whatever comes to your mind and aside from that give people the benefit of Doubt. All right, so listen is actually better then to speak because sometimes a lot of people they tend to speak without listening. Yeah. We need a good listener for you to actually help and be beneficial to This as well. Yeah. So basically touching on a few this point on a matter of a lot of people usually want to speak but they don't want to listen. Hello a lot of people as well. They tend to listen to reply. Yeah, that's true. It's but not listening to actually hear what the person is actually trying to steal and this whole idea of you know, listening replying and all of that will result in a certain conflict. Yeah. So when conflict arises remember to be mindful of the opposite side as much as we are mindful by yourself always be my And before I just as well learn from others instead of passing judgment be open to criticism and learn to accept others, even if you cannot agree and you know, so basically why is try to be too busy to give me the difference be the person who goes out of his or her way to actually show love to be intentional and to care so you my fellow Shoppers must be the Hope. It'll be the inspiration inspiration be the love be the one bringing Ben. Oh Billy be the altar is all right, so that's that's all from us. Yeah, that's an introduction to ourselves and to the podcast Channel. Yeah, so do follow us on Instagram or our Facebook page and video, which is the ultimate underscore project. So give us a lie or tell us like and that's what you like about us all if you have like any sir. Suggestions on what we should do for our next project to share with us in the comment section. All right. Oh, you know as we mentioned as well this podcast is powered and sponsored by firdaus. So you can always log on to www.nasa.gov the orbital energy for more info perhaps on us or on product with itself. Okay, so and it with us ending this podcast if you lost in the sea Last time land will bring an airplane and lend you a hand. I am your host happy and I am here I am we will see you again on our next project was the LOL a complete care. Goodbye.