Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in Ships with more than one person and I mean polyamory is a very broad term and it can mean different things to different people but that's kind of what it means to me and that goes to say a relationship can be it can be romantic can be sexual. It can be platonic like there's different types of relationships and that's kind of the all-encompassing part of it. And that's kind of how I see polyamory. Is it like many friendships but like more of the romantic kind of side or something? Yes, it can be so I think in general when people talk About polyamory they referred to it more as romantic and sexual relationships whether it be either or both. Yes, and it can be either or it can be both it can be purely platonic or purely romantic. So what would how would that be separated from like a friendship then so sometimes it's not okay and I would say some polyamorous people don't separate it from friendships. Okay, because there's such a thing as relationship Anarchy this I learned this term about a year ago and it completely Changed my life. Yes, because relationship Anarchy is the idea that different relationships in your life. There's not one that's more important than the other. Oh so for every relationship is just as important as the other. Yes exact. So my relationship with say a best friend, I would value that the same way that I would value our relationship with say one partner. Mmm or like their relationship between one partner and another partner would be equal to me in the way that I value. Ooh it do you find that hard or is that something that takes time? I guess because I feel like there's a lot of people who have relationships and some relationships take precedence over others. So is this kind of like a no relationship is more important than another so yes, so that's the concept of relationship Anarchy and not Everyone likes subscribes to that idea, but I will say like it probably is difficult. I mean it is difficult for me as well because you often think of you know, like Then just looking back on what I just said. I used to qualify your best friend and that does imply a hierarchy but yeah, we're friends. Okay, so I guess it is it is hard. It is a struggle to sometimes maintain that but I guess it's something you always keep in your mind. Yes. It's like I guess it's just a concept. I always keep in my mind and it's something I kind of try to do because to me relationships are more about the connections you have with people then say like a hierarchy of who is more important to you. So this is different than than like you just hooking up with someone and being in a relationship but hooking up with someone. This is like actual emotional connections as well. Yes, I guess we can take it back a little bit by saying that polyamory falls under the larger umbrella of non-monogamy. And so non-monogamy can be like can be different things. It can be a monogamous couple having an open relationship. It can be like singles dating around like that could count as On monogamy mmm, but polyamory is a sect of non-monogamy. Okay involves having more distinct relationships with people. So there is a closer emotional bond and how have you been participating in these kind of relationships and college as a been difficult or like when did you decide that you want to pursue this? Yeah. So I've always kind of known that I want it to explore polyamory more and non-monogamy as a broader term, but I think it's definitely been easier for me to explore polyamory in college that it hasn't High School just or at any other part of my life just because it's way more easier to explore where you're surrounded by just different ideas and people are more open people are more open. I think people generally regard our age group. I mean, like I think our age group of college students just definitely one where It's a time of like self-discovery exam exploring stuff. So it's more quote unquote acceptable or something to be engaging in different relationships. And that kind of thing exactly. I almost feel more safe to do. So just because I feel like it's more socially acceptable. Yeah be exploring at the same time. I do know that there are a lot of stigmas around this kind of thing having open relationships and what not and like we just said polyamory is more accepted or maybe exploring is a lot more accepted being a young adult be In college and what not, but that still doesn't stop the fact that there are a lot of stigmas around this stuff and have you experienced this kind of stigma? Yeah. I definitely have experienced the stigmas that come with it. Like for example, a lot of people when you tell them oh like I'm polyamorous. Oh, is that like cheating and no it's not like cheating because it involves consent, you know, it involves letting your partner's know what's going on and communicating communication is huge. Right? So he's attached its Probably the hardest part but the most rewarding just because you really have to be open and communicate your needs communicate what you're going through communicate basically everything that's happening. You need to discuss it with your partner or your partners and come to an agreement. That's very important and have you felt that you've gotten looked at wrong or negatively when you've told people has that ever happened. Yeah. I definitely think a huge thing is I mean, I'm just gonna go right out and say it polyamory is not for everyone. Yeah, Nam Naga me is not for everyone and some people just feel a lot more safe and secure in monogamous. Really? Yeah ships and that's totally fine. But I have noticed a lot of people who do feel this way are sometimes a little more judgmental just because they're like well how like you need to share like your love has to go to just one person? Yeah. That's how love works and that's how Society that's the society idea of Love is you just directed I Person and that's you meet your soulmate or whatever. Yeah, I hate that word and but you get married and that's like what's considered the norm the norm? Yeah, exactly, but you can have like way more than one so mayor something and you can Vibe with the so many more people than just one person. I feel like I've thought about it like why stop yourself from exploring with new people and all that when there's there's just so much out there. And like this is not knocking anyone who's tied down or like in a serious relationship because like you just said, it's not for everyone and really young. You know, like why not explore the time is now you know, yeah, and it's I mean, it's all about knowing yourself first hmm and figuring out who you are and where you stand as an individual within those relationships that you're exploring. Did it take a long time for you to come to this conclusion or something like that. I I think I think for me personally it was really easy, but I think it was more. So just having to just discovering the word even I think I had the feeling of yeah. Yeah, like I think I could love more than one person at a time or like, you know, I mean movies TV shows books. You always have those like classic love triangles. And then the person in the middle like has to pick and you have like two sides and they're done. Yeah. Yeah. It was always like why not both. Yeah, like wine I like And they all live happily ever after together and Edward and Jacob can be best by exactly. Yeah and bond over the fact that they both loved the same woman the same. Yeah, that was just it was like a moment like that and something like that. It's just I've always thought of it that way and then I don't even remember fully how I discovered the word but I think I was just I think I might have been listening to another podcast and someone mentioned like, oh, I'm polyamorous and I was like, what's that? I did all this research and I was like, oh my God, that's me. Hmm. And yeah, since I've discovered that I've just always been yeah, that's like that's the kind of relationships. I want to have and that's that's where I'm going. Do you think that being polyamorous is something that like you are forever kind of thing. Like do you think you will ever want to be in a monogamous relationship? I mean, I can't speak for future you I mean, yeah, you can never say never I guess. Okay, but I also can't seek for like polyamory in general. Yeah, but for me right now, I don't think I ever want to be in a monogamous relationship. I just don't think that kind of model works for me. Mmm. I like the idea of being able to be independent outside of their relationship and to seek other other forms of relationships in addition to like a primary partner quote-unquote primary partner. So in polyamorous relationship sometimes Are like couples right? And they are open to adding more people to their relationship and everything. But right now you're single and you're like exploring this on your own you don't have a primary partner. So how has that been for you and like participating in these kind of relationships as a single person? It's been it's been really fun. It's been really great for me. Like I said before I think this time in my life of being in college and being the age that I am, I'm 20 years old by the way, solo polyamory is what the proper term. Is I guess and I think that's been working really well for me because like I said, it's just it just allows me to focus on my own independence on my own self while still going out and exploring different kinds of relationships. And yes, there are like polyamory also involves. I mean, it could be literally any combination that you want. Like you could have a couple seeking another person which kind of fits more into non-monogamy unless all three people have emotional attachments. And hmm, for example, we just get into more things like unicorn hunting. Yeah, what is unicorn Hunter? So can you explain that in a corn hunting is where a typically heterosexual couple decides that they want to open up their relationship and the most ideal glorified person to join that relationship becomes a bisexual woman who is willing to just have a sexual relationship with the couple and oftentimes. Elusively which I think is not very fair to the third person third person. Although I mean, I can't speak for everyone else again, like whatever your agreement is. If you like consent to that like that's totally fine. But unicorn hunting just becomes kind of a problem because it perpetuates this idea of again, it's centers heterosexuality. Yeah, and it just makes it seem like it's all about. Oh, well, we're just doing this to Vamp up our Sex life but we're still like a monogamous couple like we're our own unit and that person's just an outsider joining in so in a polyamorous type relationship the third person fourth person. Whoever needs to be equal exactly ship. Yes, right and that can become really tricky and how do you how can you tell like when you encounter a couple whose unicorn hunting or do they know that their unicorn hunting like our is the couple even aware? I mean it definitely depends I think just something to be aware of is where are your boundaries being drawn where their boundaries being drawn? Do you feel like an outsider going into that relationship? Like do you feel they're not trying to create space for you to come into that relationship and it's just it's really more of a feeling and you just have to ask yourself. Does it feel right? Yeah, and if it doesn't I would say it probably either isn't the right relationship for you the right agreement for you. If you do find yourself in that type of situation, I would say the best thing to do is to communicate how you're feeling and that's another sign is if the couple is weird as willing to communicate back into you know, renegotiate the terms of whatever agreement you've come up with. So this kind of thing leads me to thinking about the pros and cons of this kind of relationship. So you were saying you have the opportunity to explore and obviously that's a pro you have to do all this. Yourself Explorer ation and learn a bunch of new things but the whole unicorn hunting that could be a con how sometimes there are couples who are looking for that and maybe if you're really new to it, you're not aware and that kind of thing. So do you have any pros and cons that you think really stand out and would like to share? Yeah, I would say a huge Pro is that it kind of allows you to have your needs met in a different way where you're not expecting your one partner to All of your needs whether those are emotional needs sexual needs. It's like spreading the spreading it out spreading it out. Just not expecting one person to give you everything. Oh and so it's like pressure. You're not pressuring one. You're not putting all the pressure on one person. Yeah, and a lot of people a lot of people say, well, that's what you should like. That's why you need to do. That's what relationships are is you give your all to the other person. Hmm, but personally, A I just don't see that working out. Well, I just don't feel like that's always healthy and again, like for some people that works and some people make it work and they make it work through communication. Mmm and even making agreements within that monogamous relationship, but for me, I just would be able to I just feel comfortable getting my needs from other people and also allowing my partner Partners to get their needs met from someone else and Another word that people in the polyamorous Community use is called compersion and that's when you feel happy about your partner's other partners in other relationships. Wow, because that that kind of would bring me to jealousy and how Okay, so jealousy could be a huge con right? Like if you're not in the right if you're not communicating correctly jealousy could really have the potential for getting really big. Yeah jealousy is a huge thing. And is another thing that a lot of people say about polyamory. And they a lot of people I feel like have a lot of questions about jealousy because they Wonder like how do you not get jealous? Like how do you allow your partner to be with other people and you don't get jealous and I think I think jealousy is a very natural part of relationships. Yeah neural and is very healthy. And the the thing that makes it makes it healthy versus toxic. Yeah is the way that you process it and the ability to again communicate. Yeah big surprise you because something So important some people like hold their jealousy in like that kind of thing. I've known people who have been in relationships and are jealous of their significant others best friend and the time that they spend the amount of time they spend with their best friend and I couldn't imagine when you bring the, you know, romantic emotional and sexual aspect into it because that's just a whole other kind of jealousy, but that could be that could be kind of scary I guess and especially like if you're a person who internalizes All the jealousy and like the feelings like that and lets it boil up. I think that could be really dangerous. So yeah, I definitely agree. I think jealousy in general is just so overrated. Yes, and so normal in monogamous and non-monogamous polyamorous like it's not you can't escape. You can't escape jealousy you can it's yeah. Okay, so I guess that's like jealousy is not limited to polyamorous relationships you can get jealous. See you from literally anything any kind of relationship. So and if you're feeling jealous and you're feeling like you can't talk to your partner that to me personally is a sign that maybe there's something up in the relationship that makes you feel like you can't talk to your partner about it or that you can't work through that that you're just bottling it up like that to me is a sign that something's not working well and that can happen in a monogamous relationship and it can happen in a polyamorous relationship it can happen in. In a friendship it can happen in would you say you're a jealous person or have you ever been jealous? I think I mean, I definitely think it depends on the topic, but I think definitely romantically specifically I don't think I'm a very jealous person at all. And that's that's where identify very well with compersion. Hmm, and I just I mean, I love hearing about your other partners and what they're doing and everything. I love hearing my partner's talk about their other partners like that's so wholesome. To me. Yeah, there's like a openness there and I feel like that would create a space where you don't feel like you need to hide and you can just talk about things freely. I think that could be really hard for people who do have a tendency to get jealous or something. But maybe that is something that you could work on or the person could work on and it could get better over time. Yeah, I think it can be very hard. And that's again why polyamory is not for everyone. Hmm. Would you recommend this to another person say someone? I was on the fence. What would you say I would be very careful careful about recommending it to someone mmm, but I will say if someone is on the fence about it that to me means something like that to me means maybe you're identifying with some parts of polyamory. Hmm, and maybe if that if that makes sense intuitively like if the idea of polyamory makes sense to you, I think I think you should try it out. Honestly. I'm gonna go right out. Yeah. But I also wouldn't just recommend it to anyone. Yeah, like you said people experience different things that different ways, right and I was reading this article the other day about polyamory and they were discussing a relationship about someone and one of the things that they said in there was either this make sense to you or it doesn't like to me when I first found out about polyamory. I instantly identified with it. I it instantly made sense to me like it just so Like it was like a click it clicked for you. It clicked for me. Mmm, and you shouldn't try to force the click exactly. I would say if the idea clicks to you definitely try it out. If you're like that sounds like the most terrible thing ever. I just want to be with one person and like that's that's my thing then that's your thing. And that's what you should do. I agree. I think this also comes down to don't iook. Someone else's yum because I really think that people should be able To live their lives how they want to how they want to they should be able to date how they want to have sex with whoever they want you as long as you're being safe and consensual and all that kind of thing. I think that it's totally fine to explore these kinds of things. I think that the stigma around polyamorous relationships should stop. I mean a bunch of stereotypes and stigma should be stopped around a ton of things, but I feel like specifically for polyamory and anything related to different dating preferences and styles Lifestyles people think They're cool. And then as soon as someone does it, it's like whoa, like you actually I didn't think you were actually gonna do it or something like that something that people joke about or whatever, but when someone actually does it's like whoa odd one out. But anyway, my point is live your life how you want to live it and with that it was fancy seeing you here tune in.