This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every kick felt like a dagger every Action ripped her breath from her throat it felt like she was being eaten from the inside out and as the child crowned the word. She screamed reached all the ways to the very bowels of Hell. Let this one be the devil. Devil, or Miracle the child clawed its way out covered in slime and fell to the floor. It had cloven black hoods Talons a forked tail the wings of a bat and the head of a goat. It's swiped at it scouring siblings, then let out a pained blood-curdling cry and then it disappeared up the chimney the Beast left from the house and ran into the darkness of the forest. a monstrosity and unwanted child a Jersey Devil welcome to haunted places a park has two original. I'm Greg pulsing every Thursday. I take you to the scariest eeriest most haunted real places on Earth. You can find all episodes of haunted places for free on Spotify and every Tuesday make sure to check out our urban legends these special episodes of haunted places are available exclusively on Spotify at Our cast were grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network. And if you enjoyed today's episode the best way to help is to leave a five star review, wherever you're listening this week. Join me on a supernatural journey into the Haunted Woods of New Jersey's Pine Barrens home to the infamous Jersey Devil, but it isn't the only monsters. said to haunt The Peculiar Woods Though the origin story of the Jersey Devil has many variations the central narrative Remains the Same a pregnant woman referred to as mother Leeds shouts the words. Oh let this one be the devil some stories maintained that the child was born a monster others claim. It was born a typical baby at its progression to fanged Beast happened over time whether immediate or gradual however, its eventual form is always the same. Bat-like Wings a goat like head Clause horns and hubs. It Yelps one time only and then crawls up the chimney and flies into the forest. The monster was originally called the leads devil before becoming known as the Jersey Devil and as it turns out mother Leeds may have actually existed in a will dated February 5th. 1736. A man named japhet leads refers to his wife Deborah. Deborah Leeds just so happen to Bear a lot of children 12. In fact at least 12 that were recorded. But while we may have found proof that the Leeds family existed concrete evidence of their 13th child has been more difficult to come by but then in the late 1960s a local curiosity led to a new search for the devil a search that may just have turned up some answers. The trees lining the perimeter of the New Jersey Pine Barrens where littered with reward posters the circus Requiem wasn't ow, and it's owner George Alabaster wanted a new attraction. He offered $100,000 to anyone who could capture the Jersey Devil and bring it back to him alive among the hopefuls looking to cash in on alabaster's promise was 13 year old Peter Hannah Fitch the final episode of Star Trek. Turnabout intruder. Aired the Tuesday prior and he needed something to occupy his time hunting a demon sounded as good a venture as any Peters best friends were the twins miles and Jordan Banks when he first suggested the idea at a sleepover. They had spent the entire night brainstorming ways to spend the hundred thousand dollars with that kind of cash. They could prevent The Velvet arcade from closing and see Midnight Cowboy at least a hundred more times. But as the boys packed their backpacks to spend their Saturday Night in the Woods Peter rolled his eyes at the twins Newfound doubt that each told their parents they be spending the night at Peter's house. So nobody knew where they really were if something went wrong, they might never be found and with each step. They took Jordan and Miles question Peters master plan Peter had been inspired by the pilot episode of Star Trek The Man Trap where the salt vampire is lured into A trap using Captain Kirk as bait but given that no one was willing to be the decoy. They made a dummy instead. It was meant to look like the witch mother Leeds. Like the salt vampire and Star Trek. The Jersey Devil was said to Crave love almost as much as it craved food. It's haunting cries were allegedly the Beast pining for the affection. It was denied by its mother with the dummy mother Leeds and toe Peter turned on their lamp and marched boldly into the forest. He was very proud of their handiwork but miles couldn't stop commenting on how much it looked like a broomstick that was padded. With bed sheets ground beef duct tape and dressed in Peters mother's clothes, which is exactly what it was. Peter was tired of the twins hesitancy. It didn't matter what it looked like under the cover of night. Even a bush could be mistaken for a woman. Jordan dryly noted that by Logic anything could be anything in the dark. They only needed the Jersey Devil to be fooled long enough for them to land a few shots and to drop their net they brought BB guns in lieu of phasers and the volleyball net they took from the banks as garage. It would probably be damaged, but they could replace it. At the reward money whether the monster came for devotion or dinner the three boys were ready to outwit the Beast as Ardent horror movie fans. They were prepared to do what all their favorite film protagonist's failed to even think of climb a tree hide and wait for morning and as Boy Scouts of America, they knew to bring spray paint so they could Mark the trees as they went that way. They could find their way out come morning and they They were sure to follow the most important rule of all never never separate. After roughly an hour of walking Peter miles and Jordan found a small clearing the perfect spot enough space for their trap with plenty of coverage nearby to hide should something go wrong. They were prepared for everything except for the cold the boy's hand shook as they unpack. The materials are rifles baseball bats the volleyball net and a hammer and steaks to pin the net down once the It was trapped the Jersey Devil wasn't the only predator in the Pine Barrens that they had to be worried about their also black bears and rattlesnakes, but Peters biggest fear wasn't that they would run into something it was that they wouldn't run into the Jersey Devil mile set to work building a fire while Jordan prop the mother Leeds dummy against a pine tree Peter took out their secret weapon a cassette recorder. He had brought a tape of Lullabies with him if it was love the Jersey Devil wanted it was love that he would get he tossed it in and press play to give it a test. But no sooner. Was it playing that the boys heard a noise in the distance a cry Peter, press stop. It sounded like a pig getting skinned alive his heart raced. The cry wasn't his imagination miles and Jordan heard it, too. It had to be the Jersey Devil it had to he couldn't believe their luck Peter had been hunting with his father before and it usually involved more waiting. They had to focus get the fire going there lamp didn't provide enough light to illuminate the whole clearing. The only problem was the fire wasn't lighting miles was striking the Flint wildly cursing every time Sparks refused to appear Peter didn't understand. It was so much easier under the controlled environment of the Boy Scouts. It was getting closer Peter push miles aside and took the Flint out of his hands. He would do it. He done it before but as freezing hands shook as he scraped away. A spark caught some of the dry leaves but quickly went out the next time he struck the Flint. He missed the jagged rocks sliced open the pad of his thumb and he cried out only to be cut short by the flapping of wings and the thought of something Landing nearby Instinct took over Peter turned off the lamp. He was doing it. He was making the same bad decisions. He always complained about and movies the volleyball net was still Act the air rifles weren't on their person the three boys held their breath waiting so much for climbing the trees. Peter could smell his own blood which surely meant the Jersey Devil could as well, he grabbed his lamp and slowly inched his way toward the undergrowth at the edge of the clearing and in doing so he broke the number one rule never separate behind him. He heard the flapping of wings and another shriek Peter jumped and threw up a little in his mouth that time it sounded like The monster got ahold of something. He prayed that it was there dummy he knew better than to speak. But all he wanted to know was that Miles and Jordan was still alive and close. Maybe they were crawling for the guns maybe whatever. It was didn't even know. They were there at all. Maybe the ground beef would prove appetizing enough. Peter's bloody hand brushed against something hard. He was only the cassette player, but it was something The monsters sniffed the air it knew they were there it seemed to be moving away from him for all he knew he was heading for one of his best friends. So Peter did the only thing he could he pressed play. As soon as the haunting lullaby began, he hurled the cassette player into the woods away from them the monster let out a horrific cry and took flight Peter let out a sigh of relief what the Monster distracted he clicked on the lamp to his surprise. He could make out the figures of miles and Jordan their heads poking out from a bush across the clearing as far as he could tell they both seem to be alive, but for some reason their eyes wouldn't His they were looking above him. Peter looked up to see what it was that caught their attention and when he did he was staring straight into the eyes of the Devil Himself and then it descended. In the 1960s after almost three decades of Silence there was a Resurgence of alleged appearances of the Jersey Devil residents of Mays Landing reported hearing screams at all hours of the night and the police had no explanation for their origin police. Allegedly posted Flyers to reassure concerned citizens that the Jersey Devil was a hoax. Nj.com local news website for the state of New Jersey claims that at the same time as the police were hanging their Flyers a circus owner posted his own offering $100,000 reward for anyone that could capture the Beast. No one received the award but not for lack of trying. Coming up the Jersey Devil stops a car and its tracks. Hi, it's Greg. I'm excited to tell you that park has an incredible new show you must check out it's called dictators and it lets you delve into the minds of some of the world's most feared leaders. You can hear new episodes. Every Tuesday. Here are host skate and Richard to tell you more. Thank you so much. They are natural-born Leaders with a never-ending thirst for power through force and deceit. They rise through the ranks towards radicalism eliminating. Anyone who stands in their way and the only thing more inevitable than their rise is they're ruined discover the true stories of power greed and deceit in the park has two original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control. Each dictator is analyzed into part episodes with the first giving insight into their rise to power. And the second chronicling the impact of their downfall hear more about the men who claimed to love their country, but were intricately responsible for killing millions of their own people men such as prime minister Benito Mussolini supreme leader Kim Jong Hoon and even Julius Caesar himself discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level follow dictators. Is free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. No back to the story. according to Legend the which mother Leeds is responsible for giving birth to the Jersey Devil there is evidence that the Leeds family existed and there are even descendants of the families still living in New Jersey today most Scholars trace the story back to the turn of the 18th century when Quakers and Native Americans of the Lenape tribe were living side-by-side in the Pine Barrens at the time the Barons span from modern-day Asbury Park to Cape May and the Goshen all the way to the Delaware River today. It measures 1.1 million Acres, which is roughly 22% of New Jersey's total land mass the language barrier between the Quakers and the Lenape created speculation around the intentions of each some Scholars have suggested that at some point during this time. The Quakers may have witnessed Lenape ceremonies worshiping a forest dwelling Spirit called missing the one up a believed myths singing kept nature in Balance by punishing those who sought to despoil the forest though. It is the protector of all animals. It is most strongly associated with deer in physical form. It has been described as a fur-covered humanoid creature with the red and black face The pervading View that European Quakers had of Native Americans of the time was that they were devil worshipping Savages as such many scholars believe that they may have heard that Description of the missing and taken it to mean the figure of the devil or Satan a concept which is actually for until Inaba tradition, but a misinterpretation of native tradition doesn't explain all the haunting sites in the Pine Barrens. Erika Mueller was driving home from a graveyard shift at the ICU at st. Mary's Hospital in New Jersey. She kept her windows rolled down the wind helped keep her awake every week. She stuffed four shifts into three days Sunday Monday Tuesday. That way she always had a four-day weekend. She saved Wednesday for Recovery by Thursday, she'd be alive and well again, her friends were often worried. Her schedule was too intense for someone. 41 years old but Erica scoffed at them she'd worry about her health when she reached 50 not a minute earlier. She switched the station on the radio. She stopped when she heard a name. She recognized Ian McGrath the chief Ranger for the Wharton State Forest. They dated about 25 years ago while they were in high school in 47, but they remained friends since apparently her. Old boyfriend had a bad day at work. A local farm called McGrath to try and identify what kind of Predator might be responsible for slaughtering their pigs, whatever it was apparently didn't leave a single one alive they'd been torn open, but the only part of the animal that was actually eaten those the back of their heads from ear to ear and snout to neck the Predator had consumed the skull. I mean and everything in between. This wasn't the only peculiarity no Footprints were found at the scene of the crime. It was as if something flew in feasted and left Erica's swerved back into her Lane. She didn't even realize she'd been drifting she pinched your cheeks and eyelids then change the station to something that a little less gruesome and that she did a pickup truck. And onto the road behind her she was a good driver, but she liked to keep her distance proximity on the road. Especially two trucks was a fear that never really left her since driving school. She stepped on the gas just a little but the truck sped up to match your pace. She looked in the rearview to see if it was someone she knew but she was blinded by the trucks high beams whoever it was was a real jerk. She pulled over to the side of the road till nighttime pass instead the truck pulled up behind her and the owner got out. From the silhouette she knew what was a man. He was heavy and walked with a particularly wide gate from her rearview mirror. She watched him slowly raised his hands in the air the universal symbol for I mean no harm. She kept her foot on the brake, but put the car back and drive just in case he approached from the passenger side of the car. She reached over and crank down the window. He was older than she expected. Acted maybe 60 and significantly more drunk. He apologize for scaring her but he needed help. He said his name was Gary while driving home from the local dive. He saw a girl crying by the side of the road when he got closer. She had sprinted into the forest. He couldn't find her and it was dangerous out there. He went back to the bar to call the police, but their phone wasn't working as the man spoke. Erica saw a black dog appear behind him for a I can't it looked like it was staring back at her Gary snapped his fingers to get her attention again, she interrupted him to let him know his dog might have escaped his truck, but he wasn't comprehending. He didn't have a dog and when she looked again, it was gone. Erica was still another 20 minutes from home. Her job was to care about others, but she was off duty and the sun would be up in less than an hour. She told the man that she would call the police when she got home. She asked for the cross streets of where he first saw the girl and a description of what she looked like his description was rambling and uncertain the only thing he could recall vividly was the girl herself. She had long golden hair that flowed down to her waist and she was wearing white dress suddenly as if he conjured her with the description a little blonde girl in a white dress walked out of the forest behind him Erica noticed immediately that she had no shoes and she was not crying Erica motioned to the man to look behind him. He whipped around and gasped in shock. The man bent down and called for the girl to come over. They were adults. They might help her find her parents, but the girl wasn't interested in what he was saying. She was motioning to the woods behind her beckoning. as if inviting someone just out of sight to follow her a shiver ran down here because spine maybe they'd already been reunited and she wanted to show the old man. She was okay, maybe the girl had been camping with her parents and their dog Erica expected one or the other to emerge behind the golden haired girl, but neither did what came out instead was nothing like Erica had ever seen before a scream erupted from her chest, but it got caught in her throat her eyes locked in with the monsters before she And then frantically trying to get away whatever it was was 7 feet tall with leathery wings and it was not friendly it rushed at her car with a bone-chilling cry. Erica stepped on the gas the car roared to life and sped down the road. She didn't look back. She couldn't Gary's face flashed through her mind and then something heavy fell onto her windshield. She instinctively pressed on the brakes bringing the car to a screeching halt crack spread across her field of vision she gum the gas again. She didn't want to know what it was. She just wanted to get home the engine didn't Operate her eyes unwillingly fell to the object that hit her windshield the fragmented glass remained in one piece, but the object completely blocked her view. Blood started to trickle into the cracks. She screamed laying on the front of her car was Gary broken lifeless and missing the back of his head. In 1972, New Jersey resident Mary ritzer Christensen claims to have seen the Jersey Devil on Greentree Road near the town of Glassboro. According to Christensen a figure across the road about 25 feet behind her car. She described it as having thick haunches like a goat and a huge woolly head in 1980 Chief Ranger officer. Alan MacFarlane was called to a south Jersey farm where a number of pigs had Slaughtered their bodies were scratched and torn and the backs of their heads eaten. There was no blood trail and no Footprints. The mystery of what happened to them was never solved some believe the pigs fell victim to the Jersey Devil. The Jersey devil isn't the only thing to haunt the woods of the Pine Barrens though two other figures known as the black dog and the golden haired girl are also said to lurk among the trees. According to Folklore and the 19th century a local Cabin Boy owned a rather large black dog in an invasion by Pirates possibly even by Blackbeard himself both the boy and the dog were killed. Now the ghost of the black dog haunts the beach and forests of the Pine Barrens, but some claim his presence is a good omen not a bad one like the black dog. The golden haired girl is also a Magic figure of the Pine Barrens in life. She was said to have lost the love of her life a young man to a storm at sea now her ghost wanders the area mourning the loss of her love most interestingly. She is often said to be seen keeping company with the Jersey Devil for a reasons largely unknown. Coming up the Jersey Devil goes viral now back to the story. The character of mother Leeds in the Jersey Devil tail is not always portrayed as a witch but witchcraft always has had some hand in the story Scholars attribute this fact to the fascination surrounding witchcraft in the late 17th and early 18th century in the 1690s. The Puritans led a Witch Hunt in colonial, Massachusetts more than 200 women were accused of Witchcraft and 19 were hanged today. It's known as the Salem Witch Trials, but the fear of Witchcraft to reach the Quakers in New Jersey as well. In fact in 1668, the general assembly of East Jersey passed a law stating if any person shall be found a witch either male or female they shall be put to death neighboring Native Americans also believed in and feared witches. They believed that they could conjure spells fly and perform evil deeds and to varying degrees also believed they should be put to death perhaps the real Deborah Leeds was one of the unfortunate accused in New Jersey some Scholars have also suggested that it's possible leads gave birth to a child with a medical defect which might have been viewed as a devil by her superstitious neighbors. It could also be the reason for a 13th child not appearing in japhet leads will other Scholars have even linked satirical essays. Written by Benjamin Franklin in the Pennsylvania Gazette as a precursor to the Jersey devil in it. He pokes fun at the silliness of which hunting but to some the essay alludes to a devil child being born near Mount Holly in New Jersey, perhaps he knew something. We don't regardless human fascination with the Jersey Devil Still Remains strong today. Ryan O'Connell had big plans for his weekend huge his girlfriend. Emily had come across a website on Facebook called weird, New Jersey and it was weird. The site was full of delusional people posting about their hilarious make-believe sightings around New Jersey a man with a hook for a hand Bigfoot a monster sea serpent. And of course the Jersey Devil They'd spend hours trolling the comments section under a fake account. They created Before Emily had a brilliant idea. They should catch the Jersey Devil on camera. It was helpful to have an artist for a girlfriend. When you need to catch an imaginary creature live on video two days after Emily's suggested the idea. She came back with a puppet. It was nothing intricate. It was less than 6 inches long and four High made of string. Paper and glue but it's wings could be controlled and if you passed it in front of the camera quick enough under the right lighting, it could easily be mistaken for a six foot tall devil. To really sell it Ryan was going to propose to Emily on camera not because they were actually going to get married but because they needed a reason for filming that had nothing to do with monsters The hoax would be more credible. That way he even packed a picnic to set the scene. Ryan started filming as soon as they were in the car asking rehearsed questions. Like do you know where we're going to which Emily responded? No, because you won't tell me if anything else they were having fun when they arrived at the park on the edge of the Pine Barrens Brian made sure to catch the street signs and the surrounding area real Jersey devil fans would know that they were walking into Primo devil territory after they set up their sunset. Picnic can pop the champagne Emily asked Ryan to turn off the camera for a second. Her stated reason was that he was too attached to his phone but it was all part of the plan. They needed time to setup their monster puppet on their jerry-rigged zipline will so that it passed by in frame. They ran fishing wire from to nearby trees one to the other which would be triggered by a trip line. That would be controlled by Ryan once tripped gravity would do the the rest Timing was everything it had to be slow enough for the camera to catch it. But quick enough where they could have missed it in the moment too fast, and it might spin out of control getting an honest reaction to seeing the devil was going to be difficult. Emily was a good actress, but she wasn't a miracle worker. The video would be called oblivious couple misses Jersey Devil. Just in time for dusk. Everything was set up and the camera was back on they didn't have to worry about continuity. They drank the bottle of champagne while setting up they ate the food, but now they were back in the blanket. It was almost time for Ryan to stand Emily up and fake asked her to marry him when suddenly Emily went off script. Her eyes widened as she stared over Ryan shoulder she burst into laughter and apologized. It was just that she saw the weirdest little girl walked by she looked like she was Amish or something with blond hair down to her waist Emily told Ryan. It was literally the creepiest thing she had ever seen Ryan hadn't seen the girl. It was okay. He be able to find her when looking over the Footage it was fine. The ad-libs were good. It made it all the more believable, but now comes the tricky part their proposal. He got the ring from Claire's in their local mall, but it could pass for something as nice. He grabbed the camera for the first person shot of Emily's reaction. But as he did he realized that he'd forgotten the ring in the car. He'd be right back, but when he came back three minutes later Emily was gone. on Standing in the middle of the park was the little blonde girl Emily at scene. He turned the camera on her Emily was right. She was scary. But for whatever reason the camera wasn't registering her the view screen showed an empty field. He took another step forward. That was a mistake the puppet smashed into the camera. He accidentally tripped the When he looked back up the girl was gone and then he heard something that made his stomach churn. Emily the screen came from the forest and it was definitely real he tossed the camera on the ground and sprinted into the woods as a roar bellowed from the Pines the camera watched as Ryan dwindle down to the Horizon and disappeared between the trees then the battery died. The video did end up going viral when police arrived in the Pine Barrens looking for two teenagers who had gone missing they collected the camera for evidence and the footage somehow leaked not only did it make weird, New Jersey but it racked up more than a million views on YouTube. It was called real or fake but Jersey Devil as technology became a bigger part of our daily lives claims of photographic and video evidence of the Jersey Devil started to surface. One of the more recent claims comes from a resident of Little Egg Harbor Township named David black in 2015. He claims he caught the Jersey Devil on film the photograph released to the Press is a grainy shot of what appears to be a goat-like creature with wings flying from the tree line of the Pine Barrens as Might expect controversy surrounded the alleged evidence some claim that blacks monster looks like a still life man-made prop in capable of replicating physical motion many critics claim that to date all evidence of the Jersey Devil has been faked but not everyone is so quick to dismiss them. We'll let you decide for yourself, and if you don't find the answers you're looking for maybe you'll just have to take a trip. To the Pine Barrens, but don't forget if you see any barefooted little girls in the woods run the other way. Thanks again for tuning into haunted places will be back on Thursday with a new episode and don't forget to come back on Tuesday for our Urban Legend series available only on Spotify. You can find more episodes of haunted places and all other podcast Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify already have all your favorite music, but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all your Favorite podcast Originals like haunted places for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker. Just dream haunted places on Spotify. Just open the app tap browse and type haunted places in the search bar several of you have asked how to help us. If you enjoy the show. The best way to help is to leave a five star review and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network. I'll see you next time haunted. Lisa's was created by Max Cutler and is a park a Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron Cutler sound design by Kenny Hobbs with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden at Travis Clark. This episode of haunted places was written by Connor Sampson with writing assistance by Greg Castro. I'm Greg pulsing Hi listeners, don't forget to check out park has fantastic new original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level search for dictators in the Spotify app and listen free today.