Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI. To get your podcast started today. Bada ba baba. Oh, no. That's McDonald's. Hope we don't get sued for that. Oh Jesus. Alright, we are back wild crew with episode number five. And before we get to all the good stuff today. I wanted to talk about some things have been happening here in Georgia. Like what James the rain? Oh my gosh that freaking tsunami. Well, I guess it's not a tsunami because it's coming from the sky. It's crazy. It's literally been raining at least four times a week. It's been raining for like six years in case you're wondering. Yeah. I've been ever take care of but it's been raining all the time. Now. Is anybody that's listening tired of the stinkin drain raise your hand. And awesome. I love it. I love it. Well, it's crazy because like I know listen so I was talking to somebody today and they were like, well, you know what you're going to be grateful for the rain, you know, like in a couple of months in the middle of summer. We're to Drought it's a drought and dry and stuff. But honestly, it's been non-stop for at least at least three months. It's been raining non-stop. Yeah. My house is under water. Yeah. I not really. It feels like it was crazy because I got rid of statistic like last month and it said that we've gotten more rain this year than Seattle has this year the rains almost every day in Seattle. Oh my gosh, that's depressing. It's crazy. So anyway, I wanted to get that out of the way first just address that get it off your chest. Yeah, cuz it's been on my chest for a long time because it's been raining for a long time. Like I was able to cut my grass for the first time yesterday, and I don't know how many weeks. I mean I know We went through like the winter months or whatever and it's considered still winter or whatever but like it's just been so muggy and nasty outside. And so I'm just ready. I don't I'm not even ready for summer. I just want spring to happen and it's not the sunshine. Yeah, just some sunshine. Just want to feel the sun on my face. We're all we're all turning pale out here in Georgia because we haven't been able to get any sun. Yeah. So anyway, sad, I'm sorry to drive it around. The wrong corner of while we're getting started but welcome to running wild podcast where we Chase rabbit Trails. It's your boy The Pusher. I've noticed the last two episodes. We haven't been saying that that much just have the very end. Oh, you want us to continue saying that more? Yeah. Okay. I'll do that. Sorry because you you keep calling me James. I'm sorry. I don't like that. Okay, because my name is a pusher. Okay, The Pusher so you should get a name tag that a name tag name tag get a name tag so that when we're doing this I can just see that it's Well, let me interrupt you there. All right, guys, hold up. Let me tell you whatever has happened. We have to address this because this is this really we have to address this. So this whole time that were talking. I am trying to tell Abby like quietly. So you guys wouldn't notice that been tried and seller to move the microphone away from her mouth because it's a little too loud for the EQ here because I laugh so loud though time. She's like I'm with her. Hello, sir to be fair. He was like waving his hand. Me and I thought he meant like move the mic towards me not move away from the mic. Hey, so anyway, welcome to episode 5 everything 5 and today, you know, we're going to go right into it. I think I say that all the time where this is going. This is dive right into it most let's get into it. Hold up. I want to say something else. Oh, geez. I thought but guys, thank you guys. Wow crew for the support. I mean, it's like every day I get two to three people. Just commenting or texting me or talking to me and saying that they've enjoyed the past four episodes and it's just been really good. Well, we love guys what we're doing we're staying in our lame moving forward and assess the success talk has been really good in our own lives and we're just continue to move forward. Yeah, if you guys want to know where we're at on our journey, I know last week we talked about how Abby's in this honor this season of success. Just to build that Financial Health. I'm on this season of success me and my wife are trying to you know, be a are able to build our foundation up so that were able to bless more people but I do want to mention some things that I mentioned in episode 1 of where we're at because I was five weeks ago. I don't know if you noticed that but that's five weeks ago, which is crazy but a few of us are still on this journey of reading chapter were reading weekly. So that's still going on and that's I think that's already like three and a half months in or something. Like we're ready. We're almost done. I think we have like two and a half months ago or something. So so we're still reading me and Aubree have just hit tomorrow will be hitting 35 days of straight of working out. Of course. We do have a rest days in those weeks, but we're on a streak right now and it's super Amazing and so we've noticed some changes in our body, which is great. But of course we still want to go more. We're still trying to eat super clean and healthy except for the weekends because it's really hard but we're still managing that and we're still trying to work on our financial goals. So we're still doing that, but I just wanted to shout out just to everybody who's been listening. Just thank you guys for checking running wild out. I had I had someone asked last week when is the wild Crew or when is the running wild merchandise coming down? That's a great idea and I was even thinking about you know, how we gave away a hundred dollars last week. Yeah. I was thinking about what if Abby what if we gave out 50 running wild t-shirts Oh shoot what that be? Awesome. Can I have one first? Oh, yeah, but you're going to pay for it because you're on this financial. Successor for free so we might be doing that in the next couple episodes you guys continue pay attention. So anyway, we've already wasted way too much of our running while Crews time, but hopefully they can join me. Yeah. Hopefully they've enjoyed it. So listen to me laugh all the freaking time. You know, what my name is The Pusher and we're here with laughing Abby so I don't like yeah. So today we're talking we have this topic and this topic was actually brought To Us by my wife Aubrey and she mentioned this and she was talking about confidence basically versus Cockiness one thing I did say Mentions as we as we go into this is like confidence is attractive and cockiness is repulsive and that's all I have to say about this drop the mic closer. Literally, they're expensive but folks out. Yeah, we can go ahead. Yeah. Yeah, you you have all these questions. So let's talk. Okay The Pusher so tell the wild crew. Are you confident or cocky? That's a good one before I answer. Would you mind if we distinguish what's the difference between both can we give the definitions of both of them sure our eat self-confidence and you would Cockiness? Okay, sweet. Okay, well crew we bout to read some definitions. Oh gosh. Okay. So according to the very reliable Google self confidence is a feeling of trust in one's abilities qualities and judgment. Can you read that one more time a feeling of trust in one's abilities qualities and judgment. That's really good. I have never I don't think I've ever put self confidence and Trust together. That's actually really good. I think I know what I am ready for it. Wait, wait wait, we gotta read the other definitely Cockiness me right cockiness is arrogance self-assertiveness and conceitedness. So arrogant self-assertive and conceited and what was your question again? Are you cocky or compliment? But I see I think most people would think that when you're asked that question and then you say Say confident you're cocky. Yeah, but I only that's true. No, it's not honestly, you know just to be real I do feel like I am self-confident. I really loved the definition that you read, you know having the trust in my ability and just knowing that I'm able to get something done. I do have that self-confidence, but I will say this, you know, just to be real raw and authentic with people especially the wild. Room is I feel like there's moments probably my past life and even recently where there's moments where I think that arrogant, you know, caucus may come out I think it and it might come out when a lot of us. Yeah. I think it I think it probably does I would venture to say it a hundred percent. People are cocky at some point or another. Yeah. I think it just depends on the situation, but I will also say for my life, I truly believe and want to believe that I'm more. Or self confident than arrogant. Yeah, and I think that's a good thing for me. I think it's a good thing for my path and the journey that I live especially when it comes to success and living the life that I am living, you know, because I think we stayed in the very beginning that you know confidence is attractive and cockiness is repulsive and what I mean by that is when you are when you have self-confidence, People truly want to be around you. Yeah, because when you have that trust in your own ability to do or to make things happen, you know, people are attracted to that and not only are they just attracted and not only do they want to watch or see that or be inspired by that but sooner or later they will be influenced to be the same to have their own self confidence in who they are to get things done. But when you are arrogant when you're when you're all about yourself and you're conceited, you know, we That's repulsive because it's true, you know, who wants to hear you talk about you all the time, you know, and I think there was a saying that we read earlier there was a quote that we read earlier about Cockiness and about self confidence and it said something in the words of you know, being cocky or having Cockiness. You have to self promote yourself, but being self-confident basically speaks for itself, which is so powerful. Such a powerful phrase a powerful statement powerful quote. And so that's how you distinguish between whose cock and who self arrogant. I mean who's confident because those that are cocky will continue to promote themselves. Yeah continue to insert their greatness in the conversation, but when someone self-confident you just automatically know because it speaks for itself, you know, they're humble, you know, they my time of course they could be allowed but they're quiet about their own achievements. And they just let it speak for itself. So let's flip that question Abby. Do you feel like yourself confident or do you feel like you're cocky? Oh, I definitely feel like I'm I'm a hundred percent self-confident now. Okay. I did not grow up that way. I think it's just been in the last year or two in my life that I've become self-confident. I actually said something on last week's episode that I was a little concerned about because it can come off as cocky if you don't know my heart. Art, but I talked about how people need what I have to offer and that absolutely sounds are yeah, but if you if you know my heart and you understand my story and where I've come from and how hard I've worked to get where I am. It's not cocky at all. It's confidence because I know what I have to offer. I know what I bring to the to the table and I didn't know that for a long time. So for me to be able to say We'll need two people need what I have to offer is. It's just I mean confidence is it's a lot of hard work that's gone behind being able to confidently say that yeah, and it's good that you're saying that you weren't always like that. You know, I think if you always if you had this mindset like, oh my whole life people I have what people need, you know, I could be a form of Cockiness, but you're saying there was a moment where you grew there's a moment that you learned. Yeah, and and you had you've gained the self confidence knowing who you are and You have to offer to somebody, you know for that moment. It came for you two years ago. I said, right. Yeah. So what was what was prior to that? What what did you have? Do you feel like you had a form of Cockiness or do you just felt like you didn't have that self-confident builds up enough inside of you? I think I was for sure. I don't know that I would say I was cocky. I think there are absolutely moments where I was but I think a lot of the time I was incredibly insecure. I think I spent my entire life before the past two years and I mean my entire life striving. Yeah, I was striving for anyone to care and that's not to say people didn't care, but they're in different seasons. I wanted specific people to And if they didn't care in the way that I thought they did then I would crumble. Yeah, because I didn't know my worth and I don't know what I brought to the table and it's the people that I wanted to hear didn't care then I'll just question why I was even here, you know. Yeah, you know, I just want to say something here that just because you know, if this is for the wild crew that are listening, you know, just because you may not have self-confidence Now does not mean that you're cocky. It's not one or the other. Yeah. It's just the the what people perceive isn't as it could be cocky or self-confidence which we all want and need self-confidence and less Cockiness in our lives. But you know, we were talking earlier with Aubry and you know, she mentioned that she feels like cockiness is a form of an insecurity and you know, you had mentioned that you think you know, it could be also a cover-up of insecurities. Yeah, and so I think a lot of times Cockiness does come from Deep place where people are insecure with themselves. And so they really want to fit in people want to you know, achieve great things but they're so insecure with maybe who they are or their capabilities. And so then they use the form of Cockiness to cover those things up. And so that's why you you know, a lot of times you get people who are self infatuated who, you know like to stick this definition said, you know, they're arrogant their self-assertive their Seated you know, but really there's a line there's an underlying issue there that many cocky people have and it's because of some insecurities that that form and so, you know, you were saying, you know one to two years. You know you built up this self-confidence, you know, and I was thinking about my life, you know, I don't know and it has to go to a lot of the way we were raised. I think you know the household you were you grew up in you know, me and you are different you grew up in a different house with than I am, you know, and I was making a joke earlier of you know, how long have I been confident? You know and who I am you're the abilities and trusting the abilities of who I am, you know, and and it sounds so arrogant really. It does but I thought about my high school years, you know, I was confident there. I thought about my middle school years. I really feel like I was confident there and and maybe my my twin brother could maybe check me. I don't know. Maybe he could you can call him I can call him and see you know, if that was true. I think even in elementary I had the self-confidence this self awareness of who I was and the trust in my abilities, you know, and so I'm thinking all the way back to even kindergarten, you know, and I remember and you know, I still remember my first day. Kindergarten, I don't know if people if that's a thing but I still remember my very first day of kindergarten and I just had this self-confidence about who I was and what I was able to bring to the table and I my life has been really directed by that, you know, every job opportunity everything that I've been able to do has come a lot from the self-confidence I have but then where's that come from? You know if I had it in kindergarten, you know, maybe it wasn't a true self confidence in who I really was but I remember member being confident. I know it has to be from where like your family. Yeah, like that's why I think you know, it's also it's different too because like, you know, I had parents who love me and who of course, you know, we're in the household and and I think it was a lot from them. Yeah, but I think a lot of it and I'm just being real, you know, I'm a twin, you know, I have a twin brother and me and him grew up together and I think a lot of the things that we did helped build ourselves. Of confidence we were two wild crazy little boys who just were always on an adventure and I think a lot of times, you know, we helped each other build our confidence. We just knew, you know, we just knew that we were so competitive with each other that we were able to be confident and be competitive with other people. So it was just a lot of just childhood things that have helped me and so, you know talking to our wild crew Abby. What is what are some ways that you feel, you know could help people and maybe that's helped you to help people become self confident in who they are. What are some things that maybe helped do that could help them? I think first of all you have to start with not hating where you've been that's good. I think in the past I have beat myself up for things that I've done in the past or honestly not even things that I've done sometimes it's things like just the cards that I was dealt and I think confidence comes from knowing that just because maybe that's who you were or maybe that's what your life was doesn't mean that's that's who you are now. Yeah and giving yourself. Stu know I was doing the best I could in that season. It may not have been great. But I was doing the best that I could there's this the speaker that I listen too often and she says that she hates when people who lose weight hold up their old pants and it's like double they are now because you're just shaming the person that you were and I know that's like a silly. Yes, that's actually example, but I think you have to quit shaming yourself for where you were and who you were because you were doing the best you could at that time, you know? Yeah, and I think that's that's the first step to finding confidence, but I think If you if you stop there you could get cocky quickly. Yeah, I think you have to also realize in combination with your past. You have to realize you're not where you need to be either. Yeah, like you've grown but you also have more growing to do. Yeah, that's really good at think another thing that we could also lay out here is stop playing the comparison game. Oh my God, you know, I think I think so many people, you know, they If you want to build self-confidence and stop comparing yourself to other people because other people are gifted and talented and have capabilities that are different than everyone. You know, I think what we need to start doing as me and you and also the wild crew and you know, anybody we know is we got to start realizing what we have to offer. Yeah, you know, just because you may have something that I don't have doesn't mean that I didn't have a lack of self-confidence what it means is I have to figure out what I'm good. Dat. Yeah, I had to figure out what I can bring to the table have to figure out what capabilities and that I'm able to trust myself and and that in a sense can help you build self-confidence. So one stop shaming where you've been in the past, you know, whatever childhood you were raised, you know and brought up with, you know, it doesn't matter. You know, what do you have now that you are capable of doing and to you know, stop comparing yourself to people because that also can Make you cocky because what you're doing is you're comparing yourself to them and you're trying to be just like them and so you're trying to bring all the attention to yourself and make these things happen, but figure out what you're good at figure out what what passion that you have to become, you know, I know that you have that self-confidence inside of you as well. I think I think a lot of my life the past year has been exactly that there was our the past two years. Is however long there have been multiple Seasons that I have deleted social media all together whether that was completely deleting my profiles off of social media or just deleting it from my phone for a season because I could not get out of my head and understand that just because she has this gift doesn't take away from my gifts and just because they have this personality doesn't mean mines any less. It's just different. You can't compare the two because they're wired and they have the experiences and the voice that they have to accomplish what they need to accomplish in their life and I wasn't made to accomplish their purpose. So I'm not going to be wired and not going to have the abilities and the personality that they have. So I think that's her confidence comes from to is trying to figure out what you are wired for and know your lane and know that you're not in the same Lane as everyone else. Yeah while Korea won't You to listen to if you could just listen just for a moment. This is a very very deep moment of encouragement. I don't know who you are. Or maybe I know some of y'all but maybe you're listening to this today and you have a lack of self-confidence. You know, that doesn't mean that you have Cockiness but maybe have this lack of self-confidence. I'm getting really close to this mic. I'm really talking really, you know, real sensitive now, but you know, I don't I don't know who this is for. They are but I think it's for somebody, you know, if you have a lack of self-confidence, I need you to sit down and write down, you know evaluate your life. You know, what do you have to offer? What are you good at and be able to begin to build that self confidence in who you are with what you have stop comparing whatever is discouraging you from making that happen then cut it out if that's social media like Abby was saying or if it's a voice from somebody else telling you that you're not good enough will cut all that stuff out. You truly have something to offer this world something great. And we're just we want to encourage you to build that self-confidence to make this world great because like we said self-confidence is attractive and you know what and we could we could bring this into a relational You know podcast or topic but it goes for every area, you know, it's attractive for of course the opposite sex. If you are looking for a significant other, you know, having that self-confidence of course attracts that but it also attracts, you know people who are eager to to learn people who are eager to build relationships to grow like like having self-confidence is good for your job having self-confidence is good for For a community, it's good for a relationship. I mean self confidence is key in almost every area of your life. I mean, I wouldn't even say almost I think it's key for every area you got to have that self-confidence. So wherever you are at right now while crew in your life before we close this this podcast out of this episode number 5, which is crazy, you know evaluate where you are at and if you need more self confident confidence in your life then then Figure out what you're good at what you can bring to that table and work on yourself to make that happen and I would say to don't if you're in a place where you can't I've been there. I've been in a place where you can't see what you're good at. You can't like you are so down on yourself and you have just like the people you were striving to please are not pleased and they're not paying attention. So you feel like you don't have anything to offer you don't have anything to Bring to the table. I would challenge you to find people that can speak into that. Yeah, and find the right people to speak into that because that is such a sensitive issues and the wrong person can break you. Yeah, but if you find the right people to speak into that it'll change your entire life. That's good. So, you know, we're closing now today and the pushers about to say sayonara farewell adios who I had two more languages there and laughing. Abby was like Users really stop shaming yourself. Yeah, you know from from your past childhood or whatever second stop comparing yourself. Yeah, find out what you can bring to the table and third find some people who who can really invest in you but first invest in yourself. Yeah. It's really good. That's really good stuff today. So guys, we you know, thank thank you Aubrey for giving us this topic of confidence versus Cockiness, but we didn't really talk a lot about out Cockiness because we don't want it right but y'all stop being cocky. I know like it like we said earlier we have this maybe once in a while in our life, but let's throw that out and let's build more self confidence in us. But anyway also be looking out for for them free 50 t-shirts that I was good provide 11. And so anyway guys, thank you guys so much for listening. Hopefully you got something out of that. And Georgia, please stop raining just so I can go out and have some fun. Amen. So peace out Earth says The Pusher will see you guys next week with episode number 6.