the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo kast and the Discord channel here with us on the show. How are you doing today? I'm good. Well, I'm getting getting over a cold but all in all I am always thrilled and excited to be back on here so I can just Fanboy it up about Warhammer stuff. Cuz I get I get called out what I try to do that on my Star Wars show and they're like this is the wrong show bro who like? Okay. Okay. We've got your fix transfer here. It's going to be fun. And then we also have from the Discord Channel Dyson AKA rusts. How are you doing? I'm doing good. Really? To be here kind of the same problems Evan. I'm on enemy spotted wargaming which was originally an Infinity Channel but expanding into kill team. So it's really exciting to be on this podcast. We're we're definitely talking concern. I do miss playing Infinity that game so much fun. Also cool models. So this show the reason we have the special guests coming on is a you know, we're big fans of having our community from Discord and our listeners you participate in You know what we're doing with the show. It's not just me and that's it. Then I want to hear from you like get off my face, but we're going to be talking about kill team in a year in review from 2019 moving through a depth of con because the three of us are actually going to be or should be at a depth of con barring, you know accidents acts of God or you know life in general, but we're going to be hanging out talking about kill team has its kind of matured and grown over the year what we're looking at in 2020. What we're hoping to see at a depth of Khan and then you know, we might come back after Defcon and just have a nice, you know fun wrap-up show, but this is going to be a very very relaxed episode. So if you're listening you're thinking about, you know strategy is and what not. You know, we may or may not be talking about that. We're just kind of doing a fun in review history event kind of, you know, remembering what make kill team interesting some of the big high some of the low lows and you know what we're hoping to see in 2020 because I I think year in review shows are a lot of fun. So let's just start off with January of 2019 kill team had just been on the shelves for what a few. I think it came out in November of twenty eighteen September what I really like is like summer. So it's not even a year old. And the first thing we get out of 2019 is a white dwarf croute Army profile. So, what did you guys think about that? Since this was Games workshop's first, I guess expansionary based content that was you know in the white dwarf magazine. Yeah. It was really excited about this. I mean, I don't play crew but narratively this this had a lot come into it, right. They actually quoted in there that that's right. It's a pure crew kill team. There are no Talent paratroops watch over them with disapproval when they start eating people well because I mean like right the carnivores Change and they had some flavorful. I'm like narrative tactics and what with that hyper Evolution Primal savagery tearing Jaws that kind of amped up their weaker units. They're more of a hardstyle team but really flavorful. Yeah that whole January issue of white dwarf was filled to the gills with a lot of good stuff including that. So I was just on board to buy that issue anyways, but I was very very happy to see that they were already breaking out. of the defined teams that they had set up from the birth of the game which they done a little bit of with the Rogue Trader box previously and then they'd been teasing out some of the black stone Fortress characters and enemies, but I was just happy to see them just taking other lines and not limiting the model base because of the Or I should say with the with the kreutz going back to older models. Yeah, I remember when they first made this announcement. We were really excited because the potential of kill team was proving to be Limitless. If this was not just a single box game that Games Workshop was going to produce and then maybe put out a book a year. And that was it like we could tell with you know, Black Stone Fortress we could tell with row Trader like they were definitely trying to Make kill team a game that they could add supplementary content to Via, you know expansions or in this instance the first white dwarf with a you know, rule set for a brand-new technically a brand-new kills him. It wasn't competitive by any means but the fact that Games Workshop was trying was it was a good sign because a lot of people especially olden days. We used to Games Workshop making a set and then they would kind of fiddle with it and then they would abandon it and this was clearly not something they wanted to do like we knew for a fact that they were going to be supporting this for a while and 2019 was an excellent year for kill team because they pretty much did something almost every month and that's great. Like I think kill team like some people might say competitively it's not in a great place, but I think the game as a whole competitively casually just as a game is doing very well because there's so many options but crew it was a great start unfortunately. They're all fine cast models and I am waiting patiently for a plastic model line similar to The Sisters of battle that we have later in the 2019 months to come. I think you mean 2010 alright in our conversation. It's finally got that one. Well, we got the monopole. Yeah, because we got there. We got the box and the annual in 2019. I mean like you could say 2020 but technically sisters came out in 19 true true I have hopes for 2020 plastic crew may be so cruel is interesting. But I think the big thing other than the crew that we're going to try to transition into as we were starting to get previews for arena in January. And this was a big question mark for kill team because we had just gotten the the core rules kind of figured out. You know the game it came out in the summer of 2018 Nova 2018 had a tournament lvo had had a tournament and decepticon is coming right up at the end of March just like it is in 2020 right now. We're recording and February comes along and we get a Rena and it was a pretty big game changer for the competitive players and just for the average player. So why don't you just talk a little bit about what you thought when we had Arena hit the tables in the store shelves in February of 2019 for me arena is the only major expansion that I haven't purchased yet, but it's because I've what while I've tried to run some organized play in my stores for Miniatures. It's been focusing on Star Wars Legion, which has bent had its own trials. So if I was going to have to spend more time, you know trying to find a night to run it to run kill team. But since I have Rogue Trader if I want to play that style of game I still have components for that and it was very nice to see that Rogue Trader was very much the test grounds for arena because a lot of the same components like the doors the barrels the boxes are In in both, so if I need to practice for an event, or if I just want to play that style of game I can still do that with Rogue Trader. I think Arena serves itself best the arena the Box serves itself best for if you are going to be in that competitive field the type of game of Arena I think is terrific because it's definitely a very Flat, I don't just mean flat because it's a board flat competitive field. It's an even playing field is what I'm trying to say through the fog of cold medication, but and it's easy to just grab a board take those little components over to your friend's house. You're playing a hundred points. It's easier to pick up and go amongst other things. So I think it's a great system. I think it's great to have both that style of game and the traditional kill team where you're going to have big walls and big other pieces and you're you're jumping up and down across you've got a verticality going on Arena certainly limits certain abilities. Like I'm thinking right now of reavers being able to just It go up and down at will in a vertical environment. They don't necessarily have that so it's definitely it changes the way you play the game. It's very interesting to have both those ways to play. Yeah for me. I was both exciting and kind of little mad want to read it first came out so I didn't pick it up right away and I wanted to kind of see if it would really take on as a play harlequins is my man. So Arena, definitely yeah that was rough for me. Especially, you know when someone could now shoot Watch from around the wall because they could declare it during your have like that was rough. But I have played with secondaries. I thought that was a great introduction for a lot of newer players that might just be picking up kill team fresh not coming from 40K. So that was really cool. I also loved the idea of GW spending some time to make a competitive style for the game that support always, you know keeps my hopes up, but I was also a little bummed out too because I'm like, well, you know, I prefer the narratives. Side effects and the Casual play and I think kill team does that better than any other system that I've played and seeing Arena. I'm like are we getting a little too particular while you got a choice? That's great. I just really hope events. Don't go solely to Arena. Like that was my big concern of that. But I mean, I think we've seen a good mix coming through so I'm happy with it. So happy I actually ended up picking a box up the Arena box set up last month. So I'm going to be building that will probably be playing some games. It's a little hard to find a Rena play. Is my area but 4550 minutes away or the Twin Cities Minneapolis and Saint Paul. So I'm hoping to pick up some games there and finally try it out. Nice. So I remember when Irina came out and there was it was kind of like a 50/50 in a lot of different like forums and threads and Facebook pages because the competitive players were like, all right, sweet. We finally have, you know a rule set and then like you guys had said, you know, narrative players or casual players like do I have to buy this to like is it necessary and We weren't really sure because Arena had a lot going for it. You know, it was a simplified, you know, if you want to call the simplified version of the game because like you said you only have the board which is a two dimensional plane and then you have minimal amounts of terrain. So this was a weird situation where competitive players are going to get what they want and I'm going to talk about the competitive side here a little bit but on the Casual side, it was kind of I thought I was kind of nice because for 90 bucks. MSRP you got a new rule book with all these new rules and different ways to play you got a basically you had a mobile tabletop with you because you had the board which was the size you needed you have the terrain which was all you needed. And then you just threw your models in the box and you could basically take because the The Arena box is pretty big. But if you want you can throw your models in a Ziploc bag throw it in that box and you had everything you needed to just go. To a friend's house throw it on their table and start playing and that's a lot easier than traditional 3D, you know standard Warhammer where you need, you know a lot a lot more terrain than what you can generally fit in a box of that size. And so me and my friends had a blast because we could throw it on pretty much any table, you know, coffee table dinner table game table and we can play a game like we could set up the game in about maybe five minutes if that Because you know the missions were very clear. They're very succinct where the terrain went was listed clearly on the mission packet and you just brought your kill team and you started setting up and going which isn't something you can do with standard 3D terrain as quickly like it might take an extra, you know, 15 or 20 minutes to you know, get all your train out set it up habla where as opposed to, you know, you have some cans and some doors and some you know, ankle-high boxes you Throw them on the table in your good. So I think on the Casual side, this was a really great entry point because if you literally had nothing like you have no kill team, no nothing. You can buy kill team. You can buy Arena the core rulebook obviously some glue to put your stuff together. And that was it like you could start playing immediately and it was really easy for me are local shop to get people to come and try it because instead of trying to wrap your mind around, you know horizontal and A movement you could just say hey, do you play board games? Yeah, come try this because you could wrap your mind around. Okay, you know these characters have a movement value. They can't really go up or down because there's no vertical movement, you know, you can shoot with dice you can mail a with dice, you know, there's all these abilities that revolve around a die roll, but it's not so complex as you can't teach it in a matter of minutes and I think elites on the Casual side. Rot in a lot of people who didn't really understand how to play the game. But because they saw that it wasn't on, you know that super intimidating 6x4 terrain table with all the stuff on it. It's like, oh, it's a board game. I have board games. I can you know understand how these models wear because it looks like a game. I already own, you know, I like Tareen and what it offered now going on to the competitive side, which is what a lot of people you know, the competitive area we're super excited about we started to get cooler options to play like the secondary objectives, which I think who are brilliant you have these, you know secret objectives that you get to pick from that will help complement your team because at this point in the competitive landscape everything coming out of the core rulebook or you know, if you were using like a Nova Mission packet was kind of bland like it was just Your army vs. Their army trying to capture a point and if you succeeded that was pretty much it there wasn't any way to avoid a snowball mechanic. There wasn't any like, you know mechanic that allows you to come back from behind with like, hey, I can go over to a secondary objective and score victory points. It was basically like hey, if you capture these spots on the map you get x amount of victory points and if you supersede your opponent for like more than two turns they probably can't catch up to you Arena. Said hey, we're going to kind of change some of that and give you these cards that say if you do these other things in conjunction with the primary objective, you can gain additional victory points. And so it gave players a new way to play the game. You could focus on your secondary objectives because they scored so many victory points that you could kind of play the game at different like you didn't have to play the game the way Games Workshop wanted you to play where you have to capture points. B&C you capture point a and then complete objectives two and three secretly and then contest objective-c. So like each Army now had this new fluidity in how the game is being played. I think that opened up a huge flood gate for the game as a whole because no longer was it one. You have to play the game in One Direction. You can now play the game in multiple directions and it allowed all And the players all kinds of play Styles and a lot more kill teams to be viable on the tabletop. You guys have any thoughts on that. I think he summed it up really? Well. I mean maybe the only other thing to include in there as how Audrina changed up the I mean you already mentioned the landscape of they're going from 3D to 2D and secondaries, but it really allowed a lot of other teams kind of come into their stride thinking about words, but I mean, yeah because I said, Since this came out before Elites this was the real big game changer for factions that didn't have new rules or any new abilities coming in because of that 3D down to 2D and because of those walls providing plenty of line of sight blocking like a lot of others to shine. Yeah, and I think what was really cool was previously you really hadn't seen certain factions hit the table like Star Striders, which a lot of us like or even the Geller pox infected just because at that point in the Medellin, Death guard was really prominent because if you had these super tanky armies or like necrons or you have like, you know spamming plasma weapons with Imperial garlic you had to kind of play competitive kill team with a super resilient list where I was really hard to take a model off the table or you put just a bunch of cheap models on the table and they just had really good weapons to try and you know plink off your opponent. The issue of that is if you have a list that's kind of squishy, you know looking at Star Striders or Orcs And you don't have means to keep your models out of line of sight. They're just going to get either blown off the table or you're going to put Flesh Wounds on them and they're going to be so inefficient that it's like okay. I don't know why I'm here. So seeing Arena change the dynamic of hey, you can play your favorite kill team on this new two dimensional board where There isn't just like at the start of the game. You don't have line of sight to your opponent like there's walls and there's corridors and there's rooms and there's hallways and you can use those to your advantage to keep not only your models alive, but you can start to play with these new kill teams that you've purchased that you know, when you took to your store before Arena came out and you start playing on the 3D terrain, you're like, oh man. This guy seems really terrible and then you go into elites. You're like, oh they're really not. That bad an elite I like this and it also helps that both the Geller pox and the eleusinian starts to Riders were built for corridor combat. So even though they're like an expansion team they can thrive in that competitive space because of that's that's how they were meant to function in real traitor. Yeah, and I think a lot of players were happy because So my local shop, like I had bought Road Trader a couple other people about row trigger and we tried it on 3D terrain. It was like these are not good and then when the lights came out or I'm sorry when Arena came out we were like wait. This looks just like Rotator. Let's give them a shot and it was like, oh these These are much much better Orcs had a huge bonus too. Because I like playing Orcs And I was like man Orcs are way way way better here. It also kind of Nerf's like you were saying earlier Ralph's about like Like, you know Tau drone spam that wasn't super prominent yet, but we are starting to figure out that like the flip belt mechanic was really powerful where you could just jump over large pieces of terrain how drones were very powerful because they could just fly over and disappear out of line of sight if you know, you didn't have a way to follow them. It was like that sucks. But now when you're in this indoor area like you can't do those Shenanigans anymore, so you had to start playing Eight different method of Tallow or a different way of harlequins and I don't think that was a bad thing. It just opened up new strategies for Pilots to discover because now if you show to a tournament you could see Arena or you could see 3D now, of course, they would like tell you beforehand. They wouldn't just roll a die and like all right. Here you go, but you you needed to learn two different ways to play kill team and for me that just means more R time to play with my friends and I think that was great because there was fresh it was different it changed up the lists. I would use and it would bring opportunities for lists that weren't good in 3D terrain on to the 2D trained not to get too far off topic but as someone who's excuse me new to the Hobby, but I hear about some of the older stuff like I hear about space Hulk all the time, but those games are not available. You can do space Hulk with Arena. Oh, yeah. Suddenly space Hulk. If you never played space all can you can find someone that has it you should play it. It is a very expensive game because it's out of print but space Hulk is one of my favorite games because I guess this is a little Rabbit Trail, but you're playing as Space Marines on a space Hulk freighter and it's infected by what do you call it tyranids? So the tearing is overpowered you only have a minimal amount of crew members and it's definitely not in your over to survive. So all you have to do is just survive the game and it's terribly terribly difficult. It's very thrilling you generally lose and I think that that kind of experience does translate very well into Arena, especially if you have the, you know tearing it player versus the Space Marine player. It's super super fun, but I think Games Workshop made a strong decision with Arena And we still see its effect in the current 2020 design and meta because that's what a lot of people are playing competitively or that's what they're playing if they only have an hour at the shop. Hey, I can play some kill team. But I've only got an hour. Okay, bring your Arena will throw together play a game we're done because you can eat a game done like what 30 minutes if that but Arena it's pretty quick. Yeah. I haven't played Arena again, but I have seen people go really fast with it. And I mean you can do it with a regular kill Team game 2-2 Pending on the mission but not all of them can be taught 30 beds. So moving on to March. We had a depth of con 2019 and not not anything like super special happened there. Like I went it was a lot of fun going again. That's my favorite miniature Convention of the Year by far if you are in the area or you have the capacity to go I highly recommend coming out to adapt to con 2020. It's going to be great. Everyone is super nice. The only complaint I have is the Wi-Fi at the convention is terrible. Maybe they'll fix that. I have unlimited data on my phone so I don't have to worry about that anymore. But the food is great. The parking is fine that convention area is great. The weather's fantastic. It's super laid back. You've got a lot of casual people. You've got a lot of competitive people, but everyone is very laid-back. I haven't met any try-hards to be honest. You can go and see thousands of people. People hundreds of tables of like people playing games. There's all kinds of stuff you're going to see like all kinds of models and dioramas and paint schemes. And you know last year there was a group of people who dressed up as harlequins and there's a people who dressed up as Orcs And like there's just all these really cool things happening at the convention that you can participate in but in terms of kill team, not much happened in a diptych on like we didn't see Any major changes to the game system, they use 3D terrain because Arena was too new so we didn't see a official. Let's see Arena. I think the first major arena tournament was maybe Nova of last year because I don't know if there's anything between a depth of Khan and Nova because there's there's a lvo is at the start of the year. SoCal open is maybe that's the summer. I can't remember SoCal is before after no of I think Bao is after Nova. But anyways, March is fun. Come to a depth of Khan It's a blast moving forward Jennifer March April. It was anything in April because I know may was Elites. That was a pretty big launch. Yeah. I don't think anything really happened much in April. So we kind of had a bit of a, you know, quote unquote lull coming from you know, Where February was big launches we have March from so we have a big convention at a depth to con they did they had been previewing Elites and they had been teasing it. So we knew it was coming soon. So April was a kind of a preview month. I think Elites was hinted at kind of heavily and depth akan. That's kind of when they started to push for, you know, kill teams got something coming. So we move into May and Elites hits the table and this this was a pretty impactful book because we had the core rulebook that we had commanders which we all kind of said. Hey if you want to play casually this is fun. But otherwise don't pick it up Arena hits the table and everyone who's competitive. You have to pick it up and then Elites comes out and we get a lot of options for a lot of faction. And then we get the sub factions which are even cooler and the community was kind of split on do you need to buy it? Do you not need to buy it? And so let's talk a little bit about when Elites came out. What were your thoughts on that book? I was so excited. I was just stoked. I mean the sub faction bonuses alone. We were all waiting for right but I mean, we also got custodian there. So we got that new team. We got more tactics. We got more models, but I think my favorite part of the elites book that came out besides the action of the models and the rules was the reserves being able to like deep strike people in there. We didn't have that in guilty before and it was a real game changer. I remember people talking like, oh man Works, they're going to have trouble now. You can't just hide your Gretchen leader there right now. Yeah, you can bring you a little cultist with your chaos Marines and expect them to hide behind a barrel anymore. Someone's going to drop a Terminator on you. And I mean, yeah, we found out that's partially true, but you can still bring those guys, but oh, it's just so cool to get that. The book to come out. Yeah. I was very excited to get my hands on the leaves. I bought that one as soon as it came out that was a must get I was very happy to see the width and breadth of everything that they were adding being again that I'm so new to what I'm still swimming in the Space Marines pool. So that's the first thing that I look at so to see them bring in like brand new characters like all the Vanguard phone. Bose Marines and then also bring in veterans and Terminators was great for me. I was like, okay, I guess I gotta buy those guys now because they're Super Rad, but then they also introduced at this is not the custodians. There we go. And you know, seeing like you're tilting like three guys. It's like that's interesting. It's a very different way of doing it, you know when I'd been hearing that For a long while you just wanted as many bodies as you could afford, you know within reason I bodies are going to win the game more often than not and you're going to try a team of three. Sure, we'll give that a shot. I got work. Yeah team of Two And as I'm learning more and more and you know, I'm now in the camp of why not sisters have silence to be interesting to add or eczema to write about it. Yeah, and they usually when I'm playing guilty I'm playing extremely casual like I'm I'm usually the more knowledgeable ones. I'm teaching people a lot how to play so things like having Where's Mike? Yes, yes people with like no put these guys over here. You'll use them later. It's usually like here's some cool guys to put on the table and having things like the Lord of contagion for the desk guard. Like that was very cool because that's in a lot of the starters ads. So a lot of these characters I can start adding into from from the more easily obtained starter boxes. So there again making it very very very easy to to get you into this game models. We wouldn't have been able to use before like now you can and they're doing such a fantastic job of making this a reason to invest in more models. And they're doing a very good job of taking you by the hand and saying you'd like to buy more right make a that's called a patrol Detachment in full 40K. You could have several of those, you know, yeah. I remember when this book came out every single person. I was playing kill team with bought it and at the time I was living in Dallas, so go to the Citadel pin Grapevine and I think for maybe a month month and a half we were just Trying anything in every we were practicing like crazy like we were like do we want to buy cast Odis so we would just take like two or three Terminator models and be like, these are custodians. Let's see what happens and we found that they can kill pretty much anything they look at but they cannot contest or capture objectives very well, but we started doing fight nights where we would just bring we we got we start doing stupid things where we would say. Okay. Can we Bring three models and have to be the most three expensive models from your kill team. It doesn't matter what the point cost is and we're just going to roll dice and butt heads and we would just put them in a small box. Like they wouldn't even have to move to attack. They just been an attack area and it was a stupid fun custodians are super Godlike in that but then we would try like, you know battle suits for Tau we would try Terminators. We tried Court berserk errs, and we try it like we tried everything. It was just so much fun because we weren't actually trying to play competitive games. We just wanted to see how the models will worked. We wanted to see how the team composition worked was. It fun was a hundred and twenty points hundred twenty five points better than a hundred points. Could you do you know a hundred points with Elites? We try 200 points with a leads. We tried we tried everything a hundred fifty points. It was it was super If unlike of all the releases I can remember Elites was the most what's the word I'm looking for. It was the most test-based book that ever came out where we were trying to figure out how everything worked because we just wanted to know what is what is what like, what here is competitive? What here is casual? What here is trash? What here is just super super good? Of course, like we didn't own everything. So sometimes we would just fake proxy models and Okay, these you know Drew Carey or now tyranids because we just didn't have them. Let's see what they do and Elites I think had the biggest effect on the game for fun because the sub factions are amazing the new models or fun. Most of them are not competitive. Like if we're really honest about it. Like you're probably not going to see a crisis battle suit and a hundred Point list if the competitive game start to shift upwards to the huh And 25-point Mark it is possible. But that is still something that's being tested within the competitive Community right now is whether to stick with a hundred points that Games Workshop built as the standard or to try the hundred and twenty hundred twenty five point maybe even a hundred fifty Point option that Elites came out with but I think the sub factions were fantastic like I kind of hope 2020 we might see expansions on those like One gets an extra three or four sub faction options more chapters for Space Marines would be great, you know any any thoughts on what you kind of want like Elites opened up this big box of potential. What-ifs. Is there anything you want to see from 2020 that could build off of what Elites kind of started the one thing that along with the sub faction because again, I'm paying a lot of attention to Space Marines, although it was kind of hard not to enjoy it. Insane because they sure as heck released a lot of Space Marine stuff in 2019. The one thing that I thought we get either in Elites or it I think came out after Elite some I guess not in the least but maybe in the annual by the time the annual came out. I thought we would get all the new start Ace their innate abilities from 40K the angels of death like they're they're not the Not the doctor. It's not enough the doctrines but like their their Bolter abilities, they're charging abilities, but we didn't get like the Bolter reworks added in to kill team unless I'm mistaken and someone do correct me but I was little bit disappointed with that and they could still be ironing out some balance issues on that because that mean that just makes them that much better, but they should be and of course it applies for all the star case across the board not just one faction. Yeah, I think that's a good call out because there's one of the issues I have with teaching 40K players to play kill team is when they don't get Bolter discipline right are some of the other rules that they're used to having but yeah, there's a lot of 40 kid rules it could be adapted but I you know, I'm happy with guilty and it's simple right now if you look at like what has more rules or you know, it's it can get real complicated real fast. I think the one thing that leads didn't really do for me that I was bummed out about is I was hoping for an Of expansion for the campaign. So I love D&D and IDM a lot and one of the things I thought would have been really cool to take advantage of and the campaign setting for kill team is expanding on the injuries and expanding on flaws. Right so making special conditions that come with you know some benefit but also a flaw would have been really cool to see so if your guy got hit you roll in you turns out he's got a leg injury will his movement characteristic permanently goes down, but maybe it gives them some other bonuses some kind or you were able to make three charges over 10 inches like that gives you this bonus where you always have it but now you can no longer fall back from combat because you're getting like this bloodlust mentality some of the things to kind of wrap in that narrative and build that story because I just love the story aspect. And I mean those that are used to making up their own narrative and their own story like we can build in but it would have been so cool to see some actual Like rules for that or some And even just some head tube tables to roll on. I know the annual came out with your own specializations, but I really felt like Elites could have done more on the campaign side of things. All right, so moving along from Elites, which I think was a huge hit from Games Workshop we go into June and July which I know we had another white dwarf release for the chaos demons, and then there's a couple other things I believe it came out. What what else was there? Yeah. We also got rules for playing kill team in the black stone. Fortress setting and we got an Inquisitor eisenhorn they could come as commander and at some point there was I not very big article for killing rules for comments are separating a rain. Oh, yeah that happened back in February. Yeah, but blinking you miss it. It's like even now even if I know what issue it's in I go in there try to find it. It's just a little bit little bit little box. Yeah. It was it was really cool to finally get rules for demons. I mean, I think everybody was waiting for that. We knew it was coming. Just because of the great night rules also harlequins get special bonuses against things of this Laneige keyword, but it was really limited to what what demons were there. Right? We're all wondering like where demons they're mentioned in other rules. That's and then they finally came in and I mean they brought another psychic faction to the game, which is pretty limited. I mean you got what just green eyes thousand suns chaos demons now and then Servants of the Abyss I think had a cult us like a rogue psycho or something they could use and so that I think that was a pretty big drop and I mean, I don't think there was a whole lot of swirl around it, right? Everybody was really excited to start playing them and test them out and we're stoked to see him in the next tournament and see how they did. Yeah, I don't play Demons myself, but I think it was kind of an ironic. I guess thematic fail that I think around this time was about the one-year Mark for kill teams release in 2018. And in the core rulebook when the game first came out there were He clearly designed rules for like the grey Knights to crush demons and we were like where our said demons like, you know, they're they're kind of a big part of the 40K Lori of you know, your quote-unquote good guys and your quote unquote bad guys, you know, the chaos demons are coming from the warp and you have to protect them with the emperor and it's like but there's there's no demons. Like how do we do that? Like who are the bad guys? And so everyone jumped on the towel and they were The bad guys for some odd reason but it was interesting because I remember when the launch like when they printed the demon rule set the Earth for some odd reason I find this bizarre. It seemed like the only people who are happy or the demon players and everyone else is like yay and the in my local meta no one played demon, so I actually haven't seen them yet because everyone already had to kill team and It was either I don't play Demons or I don't care to buy another kill team because I've already got you know, two or three and you know what not. So I am interested to see how demons play on the table because even at like Nova in 2019. I think I maybe saw one player with demons on the table and I really haven't even like when I was playing it, you know, the Citadel like I just did not see a lot of kill team demons play. Are so if your demons player, you know, let us know in the chat comments, you know what you think about them because I'm pretty much oblivious to the demons just because a lot of people who play chaos like, you know, the corn Berserkers are just so good or you know your death guard. There's there's other options in that chaos environment that seem to be better, but I don't know personally. I'm the most surprised that we did not see a kill team branded box release for this. yeah once have been really hard to do I mean they have the models just put them together I mean I understandably maybe not pink korres because the pink Horrors and the Blue Waters of the brimstone's come separately but I mean throwing some blood letters together in a five pack of great nights when Tibet hard because I mean the the green-eyed sprues are still like in the five men box for those of you don't know they're now Ten Men squads that they come in but it's just to five man squads that they throw the same screws into the box so they could have done it yet part of me wonders like we're games workshop's head was with that just because like like I said previously demons are kind of a clutch you know faction that a lot of people play there they're important in the lore there important as characters they're fun to play for you know the people who play them but they're you know it's kind of like if you play Pokemon you just were like okay there's no Pikachu you're like well isn't that kind of a relevant thing to Pokemon will ya just come later after the game has been launched for you know a year like wait why would you why what was what do you thinking so that was kind of my take on demons I'm like it aren't you like six to eight months late on this release guys can we like you know whatever but that's the summer moving into August we had something happen so the Nova open was at the end of August and September but I believe you guys were saying there was a kill team release earlier in August before Nova happened well not now not a release but I mean we had the Errata that designers comments come out right yeah once you tell us a little bit about that yeah you bad so now we already had a designer's comments and Radha out for a few things for those of you who don't know definitely go and check the Errata and the designers comments they have them out for each of the books the designer comments are only for the core but they answer a lot of questions right and I think the biggest change at least for the designer comments that came out in August were clarifications on how charging works so like can you charge and can I Pile in and then Target people I declared them as a charge and they're like no no no if you did not have sufficient distance to make it to him you can't use a 3-inch Pile in to make it work and that I mean that had some pretty big changes there they clarified the broken test for like if you have an odd number of killed team do you get to round up so if you have a nine models in the kill team half of that's four and a half So do I get to round up to 5 because when I make brake test or do I get to you know, treat that four and a half as a 5 and then make it after six models are out of action or Flesh Wounds and they're like no. No, that's not how it works. You do it at five. Let's see. What else did they have here? So tactical re-roll that clarified that if the weapon it's the off the damage characteristic that you roll for injury roles. And so like if you've got discussing their resilience or some kind of ability, That allows you to ignore wounds as long as one of those wounds go through you use the damage characteristic of the weapon that's wounded you I do like that one better 10 doesn't that hurt? So but that that was a great qualification. I mean guard got a nice little boost for Missions because we found out that the move move move order could be used after a model falls back or Retreat. So if you gotta get them someplace Could definitely make it happen thankfully in this is one of my favorite things. They really kind of came in on towel and they clarified a few of their rule sets. Like when do you proc for the greater good and they said no you have to do it before you fire. Any OverWatch? Yeah that hurt too. Oh, I'm in top didn't need any help but no no Talent Al were very very powerful at that point might Works took a bit of a hit because the original rule like in the OG days. As for charging was if you were within 12 inches, you could just Target a model and say hey my orc boy that only moves like five inches is going to Target your model way over there. That's 11 and a half inches away. I'm gonna charge him and you know anything would be better than 5 inch movement. So you roll your two dice that's like cool. I got like nine inches and what you could do is you could move up to 9 inches and as long as you move towards the opponent it So you could move five six seven eight, eight and a half eight and three quarters or nine inches in a relatively squiggly. It didn't like the rules didn't care as long as you just move closer. And then with the designer commentary, they said no no, no, we're going to change that because what you would do with your Orcs as you would just kind of cheat the game and hopefully be within 12 inches of a model and you would just get extra movement. So now they said, A you have to charge in a straight line and you either have to charge what you rolled in a maximum distance or you charge nothing so you couldn't do what I was doing and move, you know, six or seven inches, if you roll 10, you have to either go 10 inches in a straight line or do nothing. And so you kind of took a hit for these slower-moving factions like Orcs And deathguard because you can no longer just kind of half-hearted. Billy charge people because you can really care about the charge you cared about the movement distance because your character moved so slowly and that was I think a huge huge change to the game because no longer would you see the death guard moving, you know down the field so quickly because they would just charge you and it's like, oh, I rolled 10 inches. I can't get to you. I don't care. I only really needed to move 9 so I could get into You Know cover and sit on this. Objective cool. I don't charge you but I'm exactly where I want to be. So it was a very interesting change in the game. But like you were saying or Russ that there was so many things that helped I think balance the game like just because I don't like a Nerf doesn't mean it's not healthy for the game State and there was there was a lot any other thoughts on those rule adjustments because it Impact Nova for the tournaments. Yeah, I'm looking at all the the other areas right now to see if there's something that I missed. Yeah, I mean it's nice that they highlight things in magenta so you can see what's going on, but he's still got to go through each individual game. Yeah, the the clarifications were Tower pretty big because you had to choose when to use for the greater good they explained when you could do the damage off onto a drone. I can't remember. That's called save your protocols save your protocols. Yeah, they had a big Errata for savior protocols. The guard did get that boost where you could do move move move. There was there's a lot of quality of life adjustments that kill team needed at that point because you as the player could take the rules as written and kind of break the game, which the best explanation was what I explained with the charging is you Would have a model that is designed to be slower, you know or slower death guard or slower. That's just how they are in the lore in the fluff and it's represented in their character profile. But you could use the rules as written to charge people just to get an extra, you know, three four five inches out of their movement, which was never intended like the whole reason you charge someone is to get into melee combat and punch them in the face, but we discovered that the game was not as robust. Just as it should have been so you could use charging to say okay my 4 inch guy can now move, you know on average, you know, you have a fifty four percent chance of rolling six inches on to D6. So as as long as you were less than 6 inches, there was no reason not to charge because you could probably get a free inch and if you got lucky, you know, you might get seven or eight or nine ten inches great. I'll put that to good use. That's double what my printed move speed is. I'll do it and you're like especially with Fox Walker's you know and they only have a 4-inch move and they can't shoot oh yeah oh yeah yeah people got annoyed the first time I did that because they're like why are you charging me I'm like my model moves four inches and it's like I move 8 inches well you can't get to me oh I don't need to get to you I just need to like move them around and get them to different places as long as they're someone closer to you it's a legal move and so it was kind of this weird game where you know like pox Walkers are supposed to be these slow zombie character actors but you see them make an agent recharge and it's like what why oh you know they're just going to some of that objective over there okay like it just kind of defeated the purpose of the committee felt dumb like even when I did it it was kind of like this seems stupid one other thing that the era did by the way is they got rid of stealth as one of the specialisms so if you guys don't remember what stealth is that was the one where you are always considered ready regardless of what you've done the turn before Oh yeah I remember that no I Never use that. Well it for like suppressors from the Vanguard box set. I mean you'd fly them up the field. They're like, oh yeah, by the way, I'm ready. I'm about to shoot you with an autocannon that has special abilities. So that's I mean that that was kind of an I mean it was one of those things that I think was an interesting idea and I'm sure when they're play testing at they're like, oh yeah. This is really cool. People are going to love this but then they realized what they did. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're right. So yeah the errata Had a very heavy impact on what kill team was going to look like for the rest of the year and moving forward Nova 2019 happened at the end of August going into the first weekend of September the first week of September. So, I believe it was twenty-eight twenty-nine Thirty Thirty-One first of September and all of those new Iran has were in place and I had I had signed up to play competitively for kill team. And then I saw my friends and started playing board games and start hanging out and realize you know, what all the money I spent is going to charity. So I'm fine. I'm going to hang out with my friends. I'm going to goof off. I saw some listeners and went through some of the logistics of playing their army in Arena because they had only played on 3D terrain. I just kind of got lost in the convention and I didn't actually play my pod that I paid for but I had a lot of fun. I did go up and see some games played and talked. Talk to some friends and not much really to report. I mean the the rules had definitely affected the game, but you know, you still saw a lot of the top-tier armies at the tables, you know, we had great Pilots. We had great armies. You saw Tha how you saw death guard. There is necrons the I saw star Striders. I saw demons Space Marines everything you can imagine like there was a nice big mix of like lists. models everything was great Nova was a lot of fun and it was good to see all the pot I believe all the pods were full or very close to being full if I remember correctly it was a really good event there was just tons and tons of people playing kill team and you know all war games of any possible imagination like I said I just had a major problem with the fact that the AC didn't super work well if you got to the higher higher floors at the convention center and their escalators and elevators didn't work half the time so that was a big problem but it was fun nonetheless like I don't hate Nova it's just there were some mechanical thing like with the transportation issue it just made it really hard to get from one floor to the other which just is a very big inconvenience but moving forward we take you know the Errata we take the designers commentary we see that know A lot of people are you know, trying out new things or applying the new changes to the rules to their list and then we go into September and you guys were telling me that we had an interesting launch for escalation stuff. Tell us a little bit about that. Yeah, we got rules for the New Black Stone Fortress escalation box, which I mean the cultists of the Abyss gave a little bit more variety to the Servants of the Abyss. It was like expanding out on those which was really cool to see but then we more cultist. Models is always good. but we also got all those explorers right and they didn't come into their own teams like the other black stone Fortress models instead they're able to supplement other teams like add neck astronauts Harem some could go into multiple teams so it's kind of refreshing to see and they were all retainers right so they didn't count against your specialist that you could take so it was a it was a nice house a nice way to add in and kind of get some new models and give some more I play for people that have the black stone Fortress and also play kill team I need fully playable Rogue Trader faction GW that's right that's right oh man I would love that too all right so moving forward into October November December getting ready for the Kilt Emmanuel was there any other major announcement or release other than I mean there were sisters a battle they got their rules in the annual some kind of lumping them in there with the Kilty manual 2019 in December, but was there something else in those two and a half months before then there there was in September. It was actually the tail end of August worthy pre-orders for the first I think for a second week of release on September with the new starter box, which is a whole big thing because they they did not make enough copies of the original starter. I was lucky to get that on I only got it really for the rules and And the terrain because I was you know, being brand-new like at that this mechanicus and genestealers meant nothing to me as a brand new person, you know, I think you've discussed before on the show like Space Marine first they see that's the thing that like, oh, look at this guy you want you want to buy this right? He's the poster boy literally. So with this new box set they give you re packages of previously released kill Tina stuff, which is Very good for people that missed out on way of one. But as someone who bought a bunch of wave 1 I you know, I wasn't as thrilled about it because it's a repackage of the things of old for it space wolves kill team. So five reavers supplied with a little bit the some some Space Wolves transfers and the Tau 10-man Pathfinder and I think two drones Advance Team star pulse box. I think it was the Warriors well, Fire Warriors. I thought it was Pathfinders. Oh my also for the Box downstairs, but in any event, it's it's ten ten dudes drones and then they packed in the sector mechanicus terrain set instead of the sector imperialist right and set both very very good. I mean, this is a great box, especially if you missed Killzone sector mechanicus the first time because they really made those well they've made every kill team branded box because they're all great value super limited run when they release a kill team branded box and the the value is there for you get it cuz it's going to be impossible to find except for on eBay for hundreds of dollars so yeah you got Space Wolves Tau mechanicus terrain it's still a great value I highly encourage anyone that's interested to get especially if you're just starting out and I mean even if you're not too excited for the the factions that come in a I mean those primaries reavers really easy to build really easy to paint great models to learn on if they're not your primary you can use them as like your test painting models and stuff but I manage the terrain alone I've been kind of pays for itself for that with the rules so I pulled the trigger if you see here this was kind of the the one thing that gives Workshop was under scrutiny or was they created this really great game and their first initial Starter Set flew off the shelves and they didn't realize a it was going to be so popular and be they had no backup they made like one print run and they thought it would last them a year and I think at a depth of con they said it lasted like three months so they immediately had to jump into production to create a new box and I still think that this box is available for sale because I see it in my local store so it's not just completely gone but this was a big big thing for newer players because the whole premise of kill team is the cost if you ever look at Miniatures usually it's very intimidating because just to play the game you need a lot of models and they're not cheap and when you start to put two and two together it comes up to you know hundreds and hundreds of dollars Whereas kill team and especially with the starter set the whole idea is you and a mate, you know, that's how they say it but you know you and your friends go in on a 50/50 and you pay for half they pay for half. So it's about eighty dollars you get models. They get models you share the rule book and you share the terrain but you can start playing a miniature game for less than $100, which is pretty much unheard of if you would have said this five years ago. I would have laughed because the starting point for any miniature game was about two to three hundred dollars. So, you know 80 bucks start playing and I'm talking about like skirmish games to like it was not you know, these these new games from Fantasy Flight where these you $100 corsets you like Legion or crisis protocol even like the new flames of War stuff, like everyone figured out that they need to reduce the cost of these miniature games and Deuce the difficulty so that players can start to get inundated slowly. Like I was I was one of the older people who started playing where I just happen to have a bunch of magic cards that were worth, you know, many hundreds of dollars. I went into a shop and said, hey, I'm not playing this deck anymore. Can I just trade it for all this Warhammer stuff and they said sure that's fine. And you know, I may have dropped, you know, extra hundred or two hundred dollars, but you know, I walked out with maybe five six. $700 worth of product and I just started to read books and assemble models and I knew nothing and I was just really lucky to have a tradable commodity to start playing whereas right now. You don't need that. You just need you know, a couple bucks a friend and I could start playing a lot of different skirmish games and I think that's really nice because you know, you've got kill team and war cry if you're playing a sci-fi or fantasy Adventure kind of major game, you know, there's World War two games so on so forth. But yeah having a Evergreen starter set for kill team is very important. And so we have one and it's two really good starter sets tau is fun. Space Marines are fun. I know they built it specifically for Space Wolves, but because Space Marines are hyper generic you could just not put the wolf insignias on the model and paint them green and their their Dark Angels or you paint them red and they're Bloody Angels like a lot of people ask you to do I have to play space Wolf oh no no no no no they could be whatever chapter you want so in your imagination they could be ultramarines you know whatever the game is flexible enough with paint schemes and whatnot that even though they're branded a Space Wolves it's whatever Space Marine chapter you want and I think that's good because that gives players a shooting Army and a hybrid Army so regardless of what kind of style you want to play in exists in that starter box the terrain in that box is a little lacking right it doesn't come with scattered rain or stuff that really fills the board so like having the the ammo crates barrels of that one 30 $35 set with it really helps out or bringing something else to to put in between the larger like mechanist terrain really helps out but besides that yeah I I don't have any complaints and one thing to that you can do is you can piggyback off this set really easily right So you start with those rivers and maybe Space Marines aren't really your thing. Right and you're like, I'd love to play something that's more lead or more special while you dig into those sub factions. And that's great or you know, you could just drop a quick another 15 bucks and get an upgrade screw for Death Watch who that's right because those upgrades screws really add a bit of flavor to them. And I mean, there's other ones too. Like the salamanders have them and and in October, I think we got rules for intercessors being able to take Hand flamers and melee weapons. So I mean there's there's a lot more in it's a great building block spot. Okay, cool. I'd be surprised if it was Pathfinders. Those are those real rifles are a little powerful. Oh, they they get it done. Yeah. Yeah the I do love playing to actually have a towel apocalypse Army. I in the Box I need to build which I'm not proud of admitting publicly. But well maybe 2020 will build the whole thing. That's right. Put it up on the paint challenge channel on the disk or More like building challenge assembly challenge. But yeah, I think it was Workshop picked the the appropriate two factions or they picked to better factions than the original starter box because adamek versus what was it tyranids know it was reading still like it was a real poor choice on their part. I think I mean they're cool models and I love them. They're newer sculpt such as just great and I like the narrative tool. But you couldn't get a whole hundred Point team taking the cheats dealer. Yeah, I completely ignored that box because I was like, I don't care about either of these also. I heard that rumor that you couldn't fill a full team like that seems like a stupid thing to do. I did get the box that I don't regret it. But I also love playing at Max. Oh, oh, that's that's fair. I mean I had so much Warhammer at that point. I was like, I just need the rule book. I can start playing because I had terrain and everything just fine. But the new the new core. mechanic Starter Set whatever you want to call it it's good it's available check it out moving forward we have anything in October or November yeah October we got the Vanguard reinforcement rules and white to work and so that that amped up all of the primary standards in to kill team so infiltrators were currently in there from the elite box but the other the other model that can be built from that box that are the encourage others those are the ones with like the hey a wire mine just kind of a cool oh yeah eliminators are now able to take the last few Soul which is like that sniper can't hear that the SI for Canon click pics allies cannon with the sniper rifle and you get the last fusil and then we also saw concealed positions which is the rule were like eliminators and infiltrators not sure what other units have it but for sure those two can be set up anywhere on the board that's nine inches away I think it has from the enemy deployment zone so that's a real cool feature reavers didn't really get a whole lot which was a bit of a bummer because I still think they're one of the coolest looking balls probably the new space Rings gulps yeah reavers beautiful and they know they're going to be up in something else's face right yeah why are they just bring particular that's kind of the point give them like they're supposed to be like stealthy assassin guys give them like a backstab ability or something make them like a rogue in D&D yeah yeah the reavers have very much no love their sculpt is so beautiful you are absolutely right like I could paint a buttload of those and be very happy but when he hit the table it's like they're not much better than a regular Marine why what is this well there's no worse in some ways I know she's wrong I mean playing them as death launch goes well because you can use your ammo to beef up your pistol right so you can be rocking at a P3 pistol which is fun but it's still just like one shot yeah all right I don't know about this Games Workshop what you what you doing over there but you're all right should we just jump in and Tackle December and the yeah so just to kind of shorten up the year so we get to the end of the year and as we probably all expected Games Workshop loves to reprint books and tell us what we need to know in the said book so similar to 8th Edition where the chapter approved we have a kilt Emmanuel and basically that is a book and I'm I haven't ordered mine yet I'm going to order at promise I'm waiting for some more models for marble crisis protocol to come out in five six days and I'm going to do a huge batch order instead of paying for shipping for a book and then shipping for models I'm like I'm just going to put them all together but you guys have it so you can tell us a little bit about the book that does it cover everything we've talked about are there some missing pieces of information like when you buy this book what exactly are you getting you are getting almost everything from the years worth of white dwarf articles Needed to kill team and some of the quote-unquote beta downloadable documents that have been put through their paces and they are 100% No argument official now things like crew was still in quote beta and demons were downloadable all the black stone Figures were still had never left a beta phase until now now they are in a book they are in print what hundred percent usable and then some of the previously mentioned like Errata design changes and new points. Yeah, you you also got four open Play people. I may make your own specialism. I think I mentioned earlier I wanted more narrative stuff. So that kind of gives you a little bit of Leverage there, but you got all the missions. It looks like they came out of the kill zones. And so for those of you didn't know each of the kill zones came with their own specialty missions normally faction Focus based on the factions that also terrain for that kill zone and say you we got a ton more missions I guess technically they're not New Missions they're already out but they're all in one place they're all well displayed all the points are on one place which is really helpful if you're checking things but we also got new tactics which for some factions really hurt but others really helped for example for those of you who have ever played against Space Marines you know well the death denied factor and I think isn't it in the annual or that one up to three CP yeah that one went up to three CP that was a big discussion point because before the annual Nova in 2019 had made a official ruling that death denied would be 3cp at that tournament specifically and there is a huge huge kerfuffle in the community about it whether it was good weather it was bad it seems like it was probably a testing point because now it's official rule but that was that was a huge discussion area topic for kill team at the time during August weather you know Space Marines were dead or Games Workshop is being stupid and nerfing like their best faction or for selling points you know why Nerf a faction that isn't competitive in the first place so on so forth it was an interesting discussion area topic and then I mean every faction it seems either God's new tactics or they a confirmed tactics from like their box that releases with their little cards with some minor tweaks here and there like death guard got a big boost and a one of my favorite things for them was and I mean this is also a bit narrative right leaking brain fluid for pox Walkers if you've ever played death guard or played against them like you know a pox Walker is great until it gets a flesh wound then it's almost guaranteed to fail it's next nerve save ya shaking again hold points well leaking brain fluids like that's okay He's leaking out the brain fluids. He's not afraid. He doesn't know what's going on. It's not just you know, that that's fun. And it also makes them more competitive right you get more mileage out of your little poxy guys, but a lot of different factions got new rules or confirmed those ones from those box sets. And that's just so cool harlequins do again Harlequin player. We got some really cool stuff under the other hand. Yeah. I'm really excited to sit down and read the book. I don't need it right now. So I knew I could wait but I am excited look at it. Now I did here before we move on that Orcs got hurt everything on increased feel like one point for all their models. Like there's some kind of like print error something like what happened with that was that debacle? Yeah flip and do it right now. I think the debacle was they made them The Choppa count as one point right there. Yeah. There was some yes instead of being baked in. Oh, is that what the problem is? Because I saw people complain that like, well, it works are dead because now they all cost one point for no reason. I was like, yep. Why I guess okay. So their weapons now cost an extra points for the chopper. Yeah seasoned. Um, that's that's their jam something they're best at is charging that's really sad because I think Orcs are one of the more fun hybrid armies in terms of casual competitive and they have a lot of options. You can do like a shootie list or a male a list or a flamethrower shootie hybrid. You can do like Commandos like Orcs have so many different approaches to the game. So seeing them seems dumb because it's in easy easy way to sell an army to a player who's like I want to be sneaky. Okay play Commandos. I want to shoot things play flute is I want to burn them with fire. Okay play flame is I want to spam models. Okay orc boys. I want to you know have heavy punching knobs like almost any kind of playstyle the orc list has and it's so they're so easy to paint and they're fun and they're Goofy and you know someone who's never played Warhammer probably knows what an orc is anyways so it's like an easy connection point that doesn't that's that's very sad I'm very sad but I mean the the chopper Point increase happened in the elite books but I think for that one it was only meant to apply to the Noms which I mean you know that that makes sense but I'm really hoping that's just a misprint I mean we haven't gotten any piranhas for the annual yet so hopefully that'll be that'll back yeah I mean yeah hopefully we'll have maybe similar to you know a depth of Khan in 2018 or 2019 will get an Errata somewhere before between lvo and the depth of Khan where they make an adjustment but we're going to we're going to speed this through because we're a little bit over on recording time but 2019 we talked about let's move into 2020 just for the next few moments before you wrap up the show and then real quick like we're gonna literally in a wrap this up and you know end the show but I depth a con it's right around the corner it's at the end of March what are you guys looking forward to at this convention kill team are not related because it's so many's heavy you know you're probably going to have a little bit of kill team in that topic but you know what are you excited to see going to you know adaptiq on coming up here in Chicago yeah I was going to say I am looking forward to getting to just play some games with you guys and other folks from the Discord who know what they're doing better than I do and I can learn better and yeah I'm going to bring a couple in this debate about skirmish games I'm gonna bring a couple of kill teams I'm gonna bring a couple of Warhammer underworlds teams and since I'm driving to Chicago from Indy I'm going to pack some Star Wars Legion to yeah well this is going to actually be my first large-scale tournament but I'm going to now unfortunately I wasn't able to compete so still on the waiting list for that but maybe they'll expand the kill team list one way or another though still really stoked to go for the what for five days it's they're checking out vendors looking at all the new stuff meeting people so it's going to be a pretty big event for me since I've never been at something that scale over here by the Twin Cities we've got Renegade that happens in the fall but adapt accounts much larger with all kinds of more vendors different releases so really stoked for that and I'm also excited because I know we've been talking on the Discord about getting together for a squad tactic event so that sounds pretty cool and exciting yeah bring your kill team we can definitely do some games and hang out but yeah we're going to do an event we haven't pick the day I think we're looking at Thursday or Friday those are the two votes I think I've had the most my my shade Spire my shades Firestorm cast have got AI just a pack of Griffin's to add to them and they're ready to do some more cry nice get a chance to try that out but yeah so I'm bringing I'm bringing kill team I'm bringing some Marvel crisis protocol and I might bring war cry I actually have not yet played a game so I'm kind of interested in learning how to maneuver that but all I got is I'm hoping for more chances to play because I am knee-deep in models now at this point and I'm always ready I'd love to try war cry out one of the kill team tournaments that I participated in the price support replacing was war cry stuff so I've got the cards for the the cool Spectre looking dudes but I don't have any models for EXO nobody my area please that's that's the problem I have to is I bought into it then I moved and no one's playing War crime like oops but I believe we might see some Resurgence in games workshop's here so I'm excited but thank you so much for coming on the show once again Russ AKA Dyson on the Discord Channel and Evan a kaep Jillian also on the disk or Channel and from jodo kast do you guys have anything you'd like to say before we wrap up this year interview which was a lot of fun actually I enjoyed kind of revisit what kill team was all about in 2019 yeah I think for me I'm really excited to see what 2020 holes I know the January issue is coming out with new narrative rules right off the bat or I kill team II don't have it yet but for the white dwarf her like dispositions for narrative place that's cool I also got a ton of stuff over December like either Christmas gifts or stuff that I bought myself that's probably the last week the here so really excited to build those out for those of you who don't know I'm an honorary member of enemies founded wargaming we're a YouTube channel that focuses primarily on Infinity but we're branching out to War Hammer as well as kill team we've got battle reports hobby videos and are even starting our own podcasts and we'd love to have you and you can catch me on the jodo kast V Star Wars get me podcast because we talked about all kinds of Star Wars gaming video games so we talked about Fallen order and Battlefront older games like the decipher ccg but I am in love with Miniatures now so I talked about Star Wars Legion as much as I possibly can and we talked about painting getting started Advanced Techniques we talked a lot about crafting terrain and we love to have other people on for just good fun RPG time like we had Sugi on not too long ago for some goofiness is pretty fun and if you want to just check out we've got some videos to that are also goofy but a lot of fun jodo kast jod ocast because it's an old Legends Star Wars joke jodo kast.com and go to our Discord to we have a lot of fun there this jump back and forth between jodo kast and Squad tactical and yeah check out the videos check out the podcast come have fun with us and that's it so thank you both for coming on the show it's been a blast will definitely have you on in the near future especially after depth akan since we're all going to be enjoying that but thank you to everyone for listening thank you for everyone who's participated in the last year of kill team with us it's been an amazing ride we've met some amazing people and most importantly it's been a lot of fun to see a really cool Community grow out of this with the you know everyone who's just really you know their arms are open their hearts are open it's a really fun and safe environment to just talk about pretty much whatever you want and we're all really cool about it but seeing kill team bring so many really cool people together has just been a pure blessing so thank you very much for listening we will see you next time and as always remember to keep on killing them