What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling or like the based weight the movie. Okay. Can you try? Yeah, so the structure of our show is that every week we are going to try and watch a movie of our own interests and then we're going to discuss it with each other as well as probably get very sites. Tracked because that happens every time we talk about any any time we are together. So yeah, so this week's movie was a well-known 2005-2006 depending on where you are in the country Classics. Did you do on this movie? I guess more than you. Okay, a 2005 2006 classic Hoodwinked which means we were in kindergarten when it came out and I remember thoroughly. Running Hoodwink. Yes, I enjoyed it a lot. But the only thing I remember about the movie was the goat scene and the song be prepared by the goat. That was the big be prepared. I grew up on not the scar from The Lion King, I grew up on the hood weights lesson. Let's be sure to be here. Yeah. It's a it's a good lesson to have as a kid, I guess. I I mean, yeah, I mean if the lesson ends with you flying off a mountain in a mining cart, and then your antlers or whatever. Ever helped to save you from falling to your death as a helicopter. Yeah as a helicopter. Yeah, I suppose. All right. So my first question for you is what were your thoughts on the movie watching it? Probably well this movie is 15 years old now and wow, how are ya what were your thoughts on the movie now compared to when you were a kid? So how do you do? I mean when I was a kid, I really liked it. Like I was a fan of like Shrek and a lot of other Cartoons like that and so I really liked it. I just watch with my parents a lot when I guess I felt like I was older but I was really only five years old. Yeah. I remember seeing theaters. I really liked Red Riding Hood because you're gay. Maybe well, we know that now we didn't um, and I don't know I really liked it. Now. It's definitely better than I thought it was going to be like I thought I was going to watch it. Hey Tim, seeing the animation of yeah, we're expecting too much because the animations non-Christian as he is ugly. Yeah, and it seems like it's understandable because it's 2005 but then you also look at the first two Shrek movies came up before Hoodwinked. Yeah, and the animation of knows this way better. Yeah. It's also had a much cheaper budget than straight. Oh, yeah, and also was by an animation studio in the Philippines because their budget was so low. Oh really and Shrek was done through DreamWorks, so they had a lot different. Versus yeah, I think for the resources they had in the budget they had though is pretty decent like this is 15 million, by the way. Yeah and Shrek was 60 young which is quite a big difference difference. And I honestly think that most of the budget probably went into the voice cast because you got Anne Hathaway Glenn Close and Patrick water burn as three of your four main characters. No and the fourth main character is Jim Belushi, which is John Belushi's brother so he is like a renowned comedian. Yeah got his start like and is so also famous. Yeah, which is insane and he does he plays like this are head like shaped like a Swiss man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah insert oof. Yes. Well, this is adorable guy and it's like crazy. Also the animated children. Oh my God, there's so much. That was the worst part of the song. Anger, he kids singing the song terrifying that is a nightmare fuel. Yeah. That was so scary. Yeah, what did you think about like this when you were a kid until now so I could not tell you anything or my memories about this movie when I was a kid, the only reason we watched it because we were in the cafeteria and they're playing Family Guy and then Patrick water burned came on screen and I was like and Carly didn't know the actor, right? Yeah. So I I was listening some things and then Hoodwink came to mind and now we watched it and it was free on YouTube with zero ads. It's illegally on YouTube. It's that's how we got here and like and I'll add in quality. It was not you know, it wasn't like half on the screen. Yeah, like they someone put it on YouTube the full thing without any like Cuts or yeah. Yeah, I mean, yes, but basically my thoughts on it because I watched it a few years ago, and I remember so that Animation realization that was a good rhyme animation realization. I knew it was going to be ugly going in but I will say that I was entertained the entire time but also this movie is like 80 minutes long. Yes, it's a good it was a good quick afternoon watch. Yeah not take a whole lot of brain power or effort from either of us. I think the plot was No, I yeah, I like short. Yeah, I enjoyed the plot a lot. I think the basic structure of the movie with telling the a generic story from our childhood the little red white Riding Hood story and splitting it up into different points of views and making it this like mystery with the all these overlapping ideas in it about this goody Bandit that's going around was really creative and stuff is just some of the execution just has not aged. I don't think has ever looked good even for you in 2005 when this came out. I mean, I think I feel that I was too young to really recognize good anime ya know. So as a kid, it didn't matter and I remember enjoying it and now which is truthfully it really matters. Yeah, right. It's not meant to be a oscar-winning film. But I enjoy the humor a lot in this movie. I not all of it worked for me because I remember Some of the jokes so I feel like if I watched this for the first time today, I think some of the jokes I would have found funnier who first watch I agree because the best jokes other movies are the ones that I remember as a kid. That's why I remember them because they were actually good but some of them like that ever got about landed pretty well. I think my favorite one was when the detective tells the sergeant that we can't arrest people for looking creepy and then the little pigs go. Hey, hey, you know that guy we We have in the pound the creepy one. Yeah, we're gonna let him go. I like when I saw that scene. I remembered seeing that scene when I was a kid and never being able to like put the dots together of what they were saying, you know, I don't know why I just wasn't because I was five I wasn't able to connect the dots and I thought I was like, oh that's pretty funny like for a and they kept making jokes about the axe Guy having to keep had to having to find the little axe man in him, and I thought that was pretty funny whether or not they meant it in an appropriate manner another and I feel like some of the plot points themselves were designed to be kind of jokes or like so over the top that they're funny like our main villain spoilers coming up if you haven't seen Hoodwinked 2005, but our main villain of the movie The Blanco I think is yep the best Blanco bunny rabbit his like whole Is that he's gonna blow up and it the entire Forest to make his company risers or something like that and just so over-the-top King of the Forest King of the Forest. Yeah the whole sorry. Yeah. He had top of the woods. I was a song. Yes, I'll hold musical number, but even that whole concept just so over-the-top and I feel like and I was like thinking of like points that were just I was trying to like figure out the difference between the plot holes and like Like things that are just bad but are designed to be bad like his plan is not good. But I feel like they knew that while some part of the carrot. Yeah, it just part of the character to make it as over-exaggerated as they intended it to be my laptop froze. Okay. But one thing I noticed during well, I was watching the movie that I wanted to bring up with you is that the this a lot of the shots in the movie reminded me of the arcade game where you sit in like a chair and you like put your you put your coins in and then like you ride a rollercoaster? Yeah, like specifically the minecart scene and even some of those shots. We're like following a character around it just like you would like the cameras walking with you and just like I kind of like one of those arcade machines. I like shake like an immense amount while I going down a mine cart or something like that. And that's how I felt like the entire movie and like an top of that the animation made it feel even more like that because it's like very bad arcade Quality Sheet like you're saying that we've developed more in our first person visual effects. Yeah movies and games. I would agree. Yeah, there's there's a scene specifically that I like remember. Watching and remember watching when I was a kid where Blanco I can't say. His name is so funny when Blanco Legend being Andy Dick and being like calling your mom after you got the role be like I'm voicing boink. Oh my God, Blanco. Yeah, which I mean I guess we're a rabbit is pretty creative. Considering. I mean, maybe Winx you both knees. Yeah. I mean, it's never been done. It's never been before no. No, it's taking the risk. Um, but yeah, my goes walking through he goes to steal the recipe from the Grandma's house during yes gatien and cause he's like a little rabbit. Right and the pigs are sleeping. Yeah, you know as as get it pigs cuz they're police officers. I just didn't get that. I didn't catch it till just now I there but they're The Three Little Pigs police officers. There's so many A little puns like that that aren't even addressed just left its left for you to analyze as you watch houghteling over and over as we are doing. Yeah. I don't know if it was intended for that to happen or not. But if they like that was just like the animators like favorite animal and like they that wasn't even the intention. Oh bro. Yeah, if ever yeah, like they had animators of peddling to listening now. Yeah, right. Oh my God. Oh, um that it's a weird scene because you just you for some of that seeing you are in the perspective of Blanco. Yeah, but for some of it you're watching him in the red cape thing Red Hood. Yeah, and it's hard to as a five-year-old. It was hard to follow now. It's slightly Easier by also seen it so I can't speak to that. But for me, I just thought it was maybe a little weird, but I'm also not going to analyze the shots of other bank. 2mm deaths as it was intended I think for children you hope I hope it was intended for children. Like this is Oscar season. Yes whole swing they really nailed the target if it was intended for children. I think that being that Shrek came out around that time period those are very similar with the whole trend of fairy tales. And yeah one thing that a lot of people had I read at least a lot of people had trouble with when they watched Shrek. Like a lot of kids is its kind of well, it's kind of it's very pessimistic in terms of Shrek is very much like fairytale creatures are stupid. Like it's very much pessimistic in terms of four kids watching who enjoy fairy tales kind of thing, you know, so and I think Hoodwinked did a good job of also targeting that audience but being a little more respectful. Yeah material. Yeah and And taking that and making it still suitable for children so that there's not too much because it's good for Shrek. It's funny. Yeah to not too much narcissism. Like this is a lot of topic but I remember what I watched I think a truck for with Rumpelstiltskin like that as a child that freaked me out. Oh, yeah ever since like scary, you know. Yeah the whole like eating the tornado thing. Yeah, yellow dust. I don't know how to describe. Yeah, but I've seen there's a lot of and as I think as this trip, yeah. Yeah, and even Fairy Godmother and Shrek 2 Shrek 2. Yeah, she like that kind of scared me a little bit like like Love Potion stuff like that. Yeah, but you know, it's it's it's a little it's a little sketch but I think Hoodwink did a good job avoiding that not that it's super important. I mean, there's other yeah content that shows you watch but I feel like at this era an animation that Shrek was such a big hit that this came out 2005 along with Chicken Little which also had a lot of Similar problems but Chicken Little from from what I know is arguably way worse than both Shrek and Hood wig. Yeah, but I loved chicken little time. I remember watching that in school. Like we are not together watch it on one of those big stand TZ is all over the place. Oh, yeah and like the concept of Chicken Little as a as a as a fairy tale to pick is kind of strange. It's a lot of other variables. Yeah, and that's the whole concept of that. That I remember I mean it is a good it's a Twist. Yeah, and then his dad just gave up on him until he became good at baseball like a great message for your kids to come home to I mean, he's really down in the dumps any cost millions and it would be okay. Yeah, you got a movie made out about it made about him. I think Adam West voiced Chicken Little in the movie like not not the whole movie. But yeah, they're movie where he's like buff. I think Adam West voice. Yeah, that's probably completely wrong on that. I don't want to fact check it. We miss Adam West thousands last movie. Oh my God. No, I'm pretty sure the last thing he was like in was probably Family Guy, which is I mean, yeah debatably about the same so but it was just playing himself kind of yeah, right, so whatever. Okay, this is a question. I had so in the movie opens up and refers back to this seen multiple times where the red comes home and the Wolf is in the bed with the grandma mask on and Grandma jumps out of the closet and The Woodsman flies through the window and then the scene just stops what happened, but after that scene because it's never addressed and then there's do they all just stop screaming and be like, okay, let's call the police. Oh my God, please get there because like if I feel like if I was the wolf in this situation, I would run away and then the movie wouldn't happen or I mean, but he's also reporter. He wants to know what's happening. It's true supposedly supposedly. Yes here we trust the world. I don't know. Can we there's a I didn't remember this with you ever read this when you were a kid, but there was a whole book based off of Like the Wolf in The Three Little Pigs story. I'm talking about no, okay. Well, okay. So there was like a children's book The basically told this perspective of a little pigs and it was very similar to Hoodwinked. We're Like the Wolf it's like from his perspective. So he is like I'm innocent, you know where it's very similar to how it shows like things are just complete asshole. Yeah. Your bad neighbors. I just think to serve I didn't eat them, but I cannot their house blew down. I don't know. He had like a sneezing problem. Yeah in a sec. You said who is on his finger and they were like, you don't get sugar you're a wolf, you know, so I guess it's also like that book He ended racism. Um, but yeah, and I don't know what I think of when I think of that, you know, I don't know how much I trust the wolf and Hoodwinked I think I liked him. I think you just silly. I think I think his voice actor made a hard not to like him. I need a space of guy her chronic the whole time. Yeah Tron, I love Croc. Yeah so weird. Yeah, so I don't know about that one, but I don't know. I think the whole wear red gets so upset because their grandmas and it competing in extreme sports. It's so weird. Like I mean if I found out my grandma was an Olympic skier. Has a closet full of gold medals, but top to bottom I would be more mad at myself for not knowing for not not realizing because she has a neck tattoo Triple G on it. Which also I'm pretty sure only pops up once in the movie when they referred to it and then every other shot with the back of her neck, it's never on and there's quite a few concerns. She's hanging from the rafters at one point at the the end. Yeah, I like showing it for all the different angles and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Triple G Triple G my main my main lady. Mainly how did you feel about the music and the movie because scream mm. That was my first thought but there were so many songs. I liked that. Although it was a musical. It was very similar to Shrek in that it had a lot of I mean, they weren't hits like, you know Shrek had star. Yeah and like how strikeout All-Star there. Is one part where red mentioned living la vida loca. Yeah, just a song that is featured in Shrek 2, but came out that you beforehand. Yeah, so I thought that was a little interesting connection that they said I was like, ah, I got you there red I thought it was all very very mm music, which is either your taste or not your taste. So I didn't I didn't hate the music. It's just that there is so much of it in every scene that I'm pretty sure if you played the full length of every song in the movie it would make up the runtime of the movie at the point that it was that and the some of the songs were just so like I if I was the like production team behind this movie, I could not express how lucky I would feel if I half the songs I found for this movie because there's an entire scene after red finds out that her grandmother is an Olympic Athlete where she's sad and they have this All signed by this pop band called red is blue or she is sad and walking around in the whole color scheme is blue. That's hilarious. Yeah, if you take it's not right because she's not wearing a hood face. Looks like he's blue crazy. That's so funny. I forgot about that. Yeah. I was watching that and I was like, I thought this team was going to end and then it didn't make have going. No that's a lot of looking for. The scene was going to end and then it didn't know it didn't know and accept the movie still need minutes. Oh, yeah, barely the credits last forever to what sort of surprise look the YouTube video. We found even included the ready right like the crap. I think the crowds really close to 10 minutes long. Serious. Look for a low budget. Yeah, because like I was I watch the through the entire credit I want to see how many songs they included. They included like 14 separate songs. I'm pretty sure the song through a short movie. Yeah, and while I was doing that they like the crap. Okay. This is such a weird thing to like pick nits pick pick pick at but like during the credits. They like had like a separate section with like gigantic spaces in between it for every character and like the lead animator in the lead designer, but they're only lose like three names and they make take up so much space to talk about every single character in the movie that the Kurds took 10 minutes to go through. Because I remember looking up in my my phone one time. I just seeing like Blanco and it was like and then it was like his lead animator the sculptor and then like all this other stuff to make make the character boink. Are you okay, but what's going on three people who did have like be pretty amazing for for how show you the rest of the animation was no, but that was every character every character had that like three people on it and I spaced apart like I mean some of those characters, I don't know. If you'd want your name tag to yeah, not too bad. That was his name that Schnitzer doodle. I don't know. His name was his name. No, he was a lumberjack. He's a lumberjack. I don't know but I don't even why were his eyes to different shades? It was weird. I just I don't know and like the concept of him being an actor. Yeah, it's very strange. I thought it was funny. Yeah, it's just weird. I mean, I don't know how you got to that idea because like the The Lumberjacks not even in the mood in the book. I mean insulin he is he in the world like the original original gets cut out a lot. He does. Yeah. Okay. He's like he's like an axe man that they call to help detect kill the math. So it's like a weird thing that he was including the way he was which I guess whatever I mean the wolf would Detective anyway, yeah, but yeah, there's a lot of I mean they change they switched a lot on think Grandma was a skier and the original. Yeah, I'm pretty sure you're right. Yeah, I hope so one can only hope we're forgetting about a very important character. I feel fine character Nikki flippers. I mean, yes, but I mean, okay, it's Nikki Loopers was voiced by the guy from Mash or one of the guys from Ash. Yeah, which I don't know a whole lot about but my dad used to watch Mash a lot when I was a kid and I like that guy. So I think it's really funny that they included like a British detective. It makes me honestly made me think a lot about Daniel Craig and knives out. Yeah, you know in really to have like a Southern Louisiana twang or whatever, right? Yeah. Can you imagine I liked his little dog that he brought in. Can you just taking notes? I wish that happened in Knives Out Daniel Craig came back and he started taking What character Twitchy Twitchy? Yeah voiced by the director. Yeah told me about this crazy. I think that's hilarious. Yeah, I I feel like that was intentional. I feel like they when they made the character Twitchy, they knew that they couldn't get it actual actor to do when he directed it. He produced it and he voiced wit and he wrote it. This is a passion project and I think it was him and his brother. Yeah, there were like three direct. Yes thing. Yeah, but he's one of the there's like a set of brothers and one other guy. Yeah when the brothers yeah and he voiced would you just so funny? I'm yeah, I'm pretty sure no the directors did not do anything like big. I think this is their biggest project. I mean and they like another things that they did direct with your shorts or like that one other movie it made triple its budget. So for I mean, it was just not it had a small budget. But it made triple its budget which I mean for movie of its production quality is impressive. Yeah, and if you split it three ways to the tractor that just means that he wants to make any money to employ people like Anne Hathaway. That's true. Who I also I was thought I was going to be disappointed because I really like Anne Hathaway. Okay, I think she's great. I don't know what much about her career what a princess diaries. L Enchanted. Mmm-hmm Alice in Wonderland the old one or the new one the like a live-action. Yeah, the first live action. Okay. I've seen it. Okay. What does she's the White Queen? Okay. Have you seen Les Mis? Okay. It's almost the podcast it's going to be. Okay. Well, I know Glenn Close she she's great. Yeah, she was in a live-action. One Dalmatians. She was she was called develop. Yeah, that's the only one that comes. She's also she's also in Guardians of the Galaxy. I think probably as the I think she's the she's with that John C Reilly at the end of the movie, right? Yeah. She's whatever the planet they're trying to say. Yeah. I don't know what that plan is. She like weeds out plan under something. I don't know but she's in it. Yeah, so I was impressed. I didn't know that she I didn't expect. I didn't recall that such big names were going to be in it, but I was surprised with all of their performances and those roles even though the animation was quite awful and Hathaway did not come back for the sequel and I think she made the correct decision. Yes. She did not come back and the girl who did come back. It's a Disney star. I'm pretty sure yeah, I think it's she's the girl from Nashville. I'm pretty sure I would have said I recognized her name and I was like, I don't know that is so she went on to do better things as well. Yeah, but Glenn Close did come back which is unfortunate along with Patrick water burn. Yes, I what's he doing? Right, you know some Family Guy in the trunk and Seinfeld and whatever he's designed for these kind of roles. I mean they paid him the I think I think no one loses respect for Patrick water burn. Well, this is just a stick. Yeah, I think I think that's what I mean is like he don't want this is respect if he does thumb rules, I think that's just makes it better. Yeah, right. It's like his thing. So I think we're going to move into some questions now. Okay? Okay did so we asked our separate Instagrams to send in questions and we got like none. Well, we're going to read through them and then we'll do a quick wrap up and then that will be a first episode. Yeah. Okay. So this question is from our dear friend Ari who we miss very much and she asked what is your favorite fish? What is your favorite fish base? So my favorite fish probably be a goldfish and well, that's really Go, please and because I don't know many fish. I that's a good start. That's a good point of reference. I also don't know much about fish unfortunately for our he's question. I like betta fish bait. I think that they are often not cared for well true. Yes and And I really want one. My roommate will not be so are getting going out of Petco and PetSmart. What is your favorite fish? A betta fish? I want a betta fish so bad that they sold them don't they sell them like at normal like pet stores? Oh, you're saying out of As in out of yeah, they sell gold fish out where else. Well, I know but like like the exotic fish exotic fish. Um, Do sharks count like no. Wait, is that a fish it? Thank you, Maggie. I don't know if squids count but I like squid and octopus. We're gonna get so ridiculed. Not pretty sure all three of those things are not fixed. We are art Department majors and are not highly educated on Murray. In biology, I'm gonna say clownfish because of Nemo and my second one be puffer fish and I'm choosing both of those because of an emo and they say fish that sharks are fish. Thank you, Maggie. I would like to change my answer. Yeah, I often get told that I look like a blob fish. My brother calls me that so I would like you to explain answer to blobfish. Okay? My question the one question I was asked by my friend Mariah from high school, which you do not know her I do not know but we worked at our zoo in our town together. Yeah, so her question for me and for you similar to that which was what is your favorite animal in general? Yes. Okay, so I guess I would have what? I would go with giraffe because that has been my answer for the past five years. It's because you're so tall. I'm so tall. I got bullied a lot because of my neck. My neck length is what I think my suspiciously long neck. I do I measured it one time. Oh six inches. Oh, yeah, you know what they say about the size of people snacks. Yeah. Big gloves big turtlenecks because big turtlenecks big ski masks. What is your favorite animal? My favorite animal is different from what it used to be. I when I was a kid, it was a skunk skunk sand. They can get their little stinker. Take it out. You're a little stinkers. That was I wanted and that was a compliment. They can get their little stinker take they can get that taken out and they can be domesticated the same as CAT scan and then actually very good pets to have two cats need those thinkers taking they can be domesticated as a cat could okay as cats often are and I always wanted one my parents everybody. Can you imagine like you going to Petco when everyone's like waiting in the line to get their dogs groomed if you're just standing there with this Gunk on Ali they're so cute price. You don't understand. I guess I don't understand way cute. I love them. So it wait. So why'd you change your answer because I worked at a zoo for two years. So now my favorite animal is the North American tour. Marauder that is very specific. This is the kind we had at the zoo because listen, okay. Here's a story about here's a story about our otters at the zoo. Okay, so there was a mail order and a female otter and they had kids together except during the process of childbirth. The mother died. Yeah. It was very sad except that otters. Usually the male honor like the father is not often present in the raising of the young. It's usually just all left to them. There and he doesn't have a whole lot of say in anything or doesn't really participate a lot except that when the female dieting was Leia when Leia died Skokie took over who named these people others. I think it depends it depends on if they were born at the zoo that we worked at or if they came from other zoos because sometimes if you they of your zoo is in the association of zoos and Aquariums Aza they participate it in breeding programs for endangered animals. Okay, so you can transfer animals between this is very hot topic. They can be transferred between zoos to help breed endangered species. So it depends what do they came from? But usually wherever they're born that breeder will name them and then it carries or not breeder, but that Zoo employee that that I can't think of the word but I can't think of Zookeeper. Yes. The Zookeeper will name them this will play The Zookeeper will name them or not your job title. I was a concessionaire. I sold food zoo in the title. No, I mean I was a zoo concessioner Su can shush me because session are um, but yeah, so Skokie then took on all the responsibility of raising these four steps. There is more than one. Yeah. Well, I mean a lot of animals That in Pops in Breda sure, and so they have four I believe and three four boys and one girl. I think I don't remember though that ice have to give tours on a train. So Q thanks honor is not you go. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, so he like parented them which is very cool and super uncommon. Yeah for orders to do. So, that's just completely so that means you have won my heart. Yes. I love North American. No products concert close second. Yes, unless unless they have a stinker then they're like no. I still love them. I just can't deal with them. No, I don't want to have one in my home that has a stinker. I'm sorry. We didn't have strong side all the technical term. I feel like it's something like very specific but still probably called the stinker. No, you sure. No I'm not sure what it's called. I hope it's called The Stig. Next we'll title the podcast will be like Hoodwinked and then like the actual word for the stinker and then like something else the stinker Hoodwinked and skunks tinker and skunks say that five times fast and thanks concur gangers. Okay, and then my second out of two questions or questions, I got four of my Instagram. This is a longer one. So I guess there's like two to three parts of this question. Okay, so where it will start off by saying what is your favorite album? We're trying music album music album not photo album, and I thought oh, that's a hard question because I Into a lot of different types of music. What's a big one that pops into your head? Um love gun. Bye kiss kiss. Yeah. That's a good one. Yep. That is my favorite. You saw. Oh my gosh. We just we just saw them because we're cool like that. Yeah. It's like my eighth time seeing them as like no big deal. You were basically Jean. I'm basically no because if I was Jean I'm not going to say it. Okay. Let's see here. Very wise wait. Why? Is that your favorite home? Y-yeah. Um, you just like it because it's kiss I do it's so for kiss. There's a lot of different areas. Right? I mean they've been writing for over 30 years. Yeah and continuing and now my God Walmart albums. Yes. Now they have Walmart albums it better. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah is all right. Okay, is that an error? An album This Album which I guess That's exactly it. Yeah love gun is my favorite album because it has my favorite song on it. Christine Sixteen. Well, yes, so racy song but shit like it. Anyways, I do like because when I was four years old, it was like the L. My dad was playing the most because we used to have we used to have this MTV Unplugged album. Um, my dad would play it when he would drive in the Jeep all the time. Okay, and Christine Sixteen was on that album. And so I like really enjoy that version of that song and that Song is on that album. And also the album art for that album is cool. I think yeah see the album that my dad played in the car. All the time was Dark Horse by Nickelback as I grew up on you grew up on nickel bag. I did I grew up on nickel bag. I grew up with my dad making fun of Nickleby. That's and there is this there's a point in my life where it clicked that people will hate. Hate Nickelback and it was it was a very sad because I know all the words to animals by Nickelback and I bet you don't even know one besides the title weird animals and nickel. So are you telling me your favorite album is a Nickelback? No, I'm not I'm indeed not telling you that my favorite album would probably be my Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy Final honey West because it is a Nostalgia pick because my in my some of my favorite years when I was a kid and when I say kid like 7th and 8th grade, so not that long ago not that long. Okay, like less than half your life ago. Yeah. Okay. Yeah my face some of my favorite memories from that era. We're riding my bike with my friends and then having a Speaker in my backpack playing on a loop you riding with a Boombox. But yeah, I was irresistible back then but oh, yes, what happened? What we what we took a turn for all that's what listen to Kanye West's to you by yeah, it makes you turn for the worst and then the to the other parts to that clip that's Same question. It's for my cousin. And one of our things that we like to bond over is Kanye West. So the other part of the question is your favorite Kanye album. So I'm going to give a different answer because even though that is my favorite Elmo. I'm going to give two so I don't cheat and just let you struggle for Kanye. Ohms. I don't know. Yeah. Okay. I am my second favorite. I guess you could say is late registration, which is the one that includes gold digger, so That is fun. And it's like I think that also came out in 2005 or maybe yeah, I think it's 2005 and one of the songs on there. It's weird to think about because now this would never happen but there's a song on there by Kanye featuring Adam Levine and it is very good and they have I don't think they've ever collab sense and I think they should because it was it's actually a very good song I share with you my theory about Maroon 5, what does That is a popularized more. So now Theory did you come up with it? No, but I try I wholeheartedly believed supported. Okay. So have you ever thought about the fact that Maroon 5 every single song there right goes to number one on the charts like goes within the top ten on the charts. I can immediately accept. Have you ever met a Maroon 5 fan so true ever so here's here's my iPod. I met people that hate them. Yes. Okay. Here's my hypothesis, right? Because you know Maroon 5 sold their souls to the devil. Don't laugh. Okay, they sold their souls to the left to the devil. Yeah, so that they could have number one fifth floor. Number one hits recording songs, right except they will never have a true fan never have someone that their Maroon 5's their feet. What do they gain out of that then clout for what but they don't have fans and money. They need money. They can they are successful. Band history, but they will never be anyone's favorite. They will never be at the top of the game except Adam Levine who is like everyone's favorite. I'm like TV shows like the voice. Yeah, but he's not Maroon 5, he's hungry. He's at on the beam and the Kanye song. Yes, Adam Levine. No one just loves Adam Levine's music though. You know, why does they love him? He attractive the he's he was People's sexiest man 1 year, but he's never going to no one's ever going to be like if you ask them who their favorite person in the world is No One's Gonna Stop Me. I'm Lovin You know all the people with Adam Levine shrines in their bedroom. We're going to come screaming at well, if you have Adam Levine Shrine, you probably also sold your soul to the devil. That's not right. That's a good theory. I don't know if I believe that theory I believe a whole hard. I mean show me some evidence that suggests. Otherwise any fans of Maroon 5 leave a comment and we'll give you a shout out in next episode. So The prove your point so hopefully loves Euro Cup. I truly believe it. I mean and I'm not what I'm saying is everyone enjoys Maroon 5, you know, some people hate them. I mean like any other band they have to seem normal to some extent you if they can't broadcast that they sold their souls but like Kiss Kiss knots that's a whole other thing Bryce you I'm saying that's they went down to the crossroads and they sold their soul. Okay. And now they are forever going to be put down in history as a successful band made a lot of money had a lot of hit songs and other songs are good. Yeah, because we're we believe that we believe that but your camera and five-song see this is the devil's work. I can tell you can tell you that. I like moves like Jagger that was probably the first moon five song when I became aware of who they were. Yeah, right, right, but also I like Christina Aguilera. So yes, also Mick Jagger is in the video. Just cool and she he that's what I want. That's not I knew I came up on you came out girl. It came out wrong. I know I know. I can I get a second opinion. What made you come here? Mickey do you know who make Jagger is? I mean, yeah. I know. I know the gender it was a mistake. Do I have to tell you? Can you tell me what band meeting is part of? Oh, no, you can't I'm gonna embarrass myself by give an answer Maggie. You have to try Maggie get back you get guess what band is Mick Jagger in are you googling it? You're cheating. Don't if you if you Google it don't say it because I want Bruce to guess. Is it Led Zeppelin? Oh, what is it? What is it? What is it? What the worst part about? That is what? Like Led Zeppelin dude, you can't believe he's part of the Rolling Stones. He's the lead singer of The Rolling Stones. Every got really kids been to rock. Okay, I'll cut that. All right. Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna dig this hole even deeper. Oh God. Can you name a rolling stone song? Holy shit. No, you're a bigger fan than me, but not by much. I never said I was a fan. We watched it on TV last night sassy lady. They were talking about Painted Black on Wyatt on TV what show like you got to see the show. No, no. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. Well, you know, I don't can you believe this it was yesterday? Wait, like the YouTube people like the YouTube channel decide girls. I love them you do. Yeah, you watches cleaning videos to make herself feel better and like DIY videos and shit like that, but she doesn't do them. That's what I said. Organization and cleaning. I just don't do exactly that. Okay. Wait, wait. Wait Kanye West. Yeah, but your favorite album. I want to look at them. No, no listen, because I don't know any kind you. I don't want to find you at all at all. The why no one Kanye songs was gonna say he's gold digger for five seconds. Oh my god with Paul McCartney. And Rihanna in the thing is though is that I loved that song so much. I bought it on iTunes, but But I was very disappointed at the lack of Paul McCartney singing in it. He just because he was just so disappointing because he's got such good local. I think there's a one Kanye song that I think you would. Life of Pablo is the best album. Thank you Maggie there. You should listen to only one featuring Paul McCartney doesn't sing but it's a good song with Kanye. Yeah, it's by Kanye. Okay, only one featuring Paul McCartney. I think you would enjoy that one. Okay. Yeah and then on top of that album question about Kanye which very kind of a song for 5 Seconds of Summer. Mine is run away. Just say for 5 Seconds of Summer what? When it's what's the song title for five seconds? Yeah, but I've Seconds of Summer like what I Seconds of Summer. That's not what it's called the card for five seconds for 5 Seconds of Summer. No, it's just for 5 seconds. Oh, really? Yeah, huh. It's not summer. Is it not so no for 5 Seconds of Summer is a band as a boy band. Yeah, I know that but do you oh my God, this is the difference between Kanye West. Or 5 Seconds of Summer. Yeah. See see it makes sense. Yeah, but but it's wrong my you can you Google the lyrics. Okay, but my favorite kind of song is run away, which is the prime example of the one that we played on a loop. Well, we were riding our bikes is kids because that's not album it is on I think it yeah what? What is it? For from wildin I'm four five seconds. Wait, wait, wait for 5 seconds from wildin. Yeah, what does that mean? Fight your four seconds away from being crazy wild. But what does it mean for five? I know and it's spelled out. You're maybe like 45, or maybe they're 20 seconds for fives. But that runaway is 9 minutes long and we listened to it on Loop and the lyrics are not appropriate for for 14 year olds to be screaming and worse if you were wild and I was four five seconds from wildin and I minute intervals cool. Thanks. Yeah. Okay. Do you have anything else will say about Kanye was anything else on a single Kanye West I was going to give an example of the lyrical one of the parts. I am a bad fan Ivan. Listen, I don't like Kanye's newer stuff. I like everything that doesn't make you bad fan. This just makes you selectively. Yeah, I'm I select the 2000s are of Kanye. Okay. Ye is trash. All right, I'll take he's trash usually card. Chien era Kanye Kardashian era and so on and so on and so forth is I have not enjoyed most of his work but 2000s kind of a I love Yeezus to is 2013. I think that one is better than I remember it being I think I listened to it. Recently. I think I remember liking it more than I originally did. But yeah, I like late registration and my dark beautiful just a fantasy a lot and I feel Feel like I've been saying that long album cover wrong this entire pot OK that's ok. You enjoyed it. And that's what matters I would like to end this podcast asking you one question. What is it? Will you be voting for Kanye in 2020? I will be you will be will be Connie for president Carney for president. I can't tell if you're serious or not. He is is he yeah really as an independent. Thank you, Maggie. That doesn't mean you can't vote doesn't like how was it right it right. It was a percentage of people that voted for harambee like a high percent. It was a sad high percent. It was like 45 and everyone harambee was relevant soon through sir. Okay. Do you want to say anything before we hit off our house, so maybe sure? green pants I never said the bad Connie lyric. So at the beginning of a verse it goes 24/7 365 pussy stays on my mind and as a 14 and 15 year old and probably 16. That was what I would scream on my bicycle. Oh my god when I couldn't drive I can drive now. But I still scream it with the windows rolled up. What do you scream? 24/7 365 pussy stays on my mind. I get it. I admit it and that has been all for after credits like thank you for joining us a review five stars. Preferably. Give us a follow over on Instagram anything else you want to follow us on what is is do you have any no, okay just Instagram add rice Kelly how and at Carly dot Bauer and um There's no end credit scene go home.