Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Wave your shoulder Every Time We Touch it says welcome back guys to see. Sex and the gritty in New York City. I'm your host and Creator cake of a and how you guys doing today. We're doing good of a diverse. Thank you for having us back. Oh, you're so welcome. Well having me back. Hey, who are you you been locked in? Okay, it was sex in the gritty and I had two great people with me Clarity. Is he in the building? I have King BMO. Okay, and I got Fiona building. I know you need to get ganking King King King. That's the Trap we need. Yeah, I'll be getting that soon. Of course the meat steak, March 5th, Thursday, March 5th, the EP listening party tell me it's going to be a big event a lot of celebrities popping out. I ain't going to no mames. He's already got people hit me up for tickets and shit ain't a ticketed event. Just know it's gonna be big. We got s vp's EVPs label. Is all that good shit radio stays. I have to talk my shit cuz for me King BMO 2020 all motherfucking 2020s. Okay hit me. That's that's an introduction self-motivated. Fuck. You took them out in the building. Aha. Yeah. Okay. So now we hear you token. Hi, how you doing? Okay, so on. Her name is Angry Mama. And what's your favorite position? That's how you just ask. Oh stop blushing. I'm listening. Hey Tango, typing like a doggy style. I mean I should fight though. Okay, you know, please okay BMO, please okay. Okay, I hear you. I so we're not doing the second toes. We not doing the extra. We just a in an hour. You don't suck toes nine doing you got kids and you don't suck to the both. Y'all got kids here. I don't suck toes a childish children. Y'all suck feet now. You gotta grow up. Hold on wait, and who are you? Who are you - yeah. I'll see what you do fee and bmo's manager. Okay. Okay you happy you came up with SSG with him or you a real ride it? Okay, I see I came up strong. Where you from. I'm Dominican Dominican. Yeah, he don't suck feet. It's been I think Spanish Nick has a whole because I know like my personal experience. Yo, ya'll you suppose I supposed to be holding it down when it comes to that mouth area like so I understand how you don't suck toes. That's different. That's a fetish no, sorry people and so exhausting but it's a feat. That's true. But it's just like when you I'm not a finisher do you dislike me? I like you should want to kiss it. What's your favorite position? I got to Tokyo missionary legs on the shoulder. Okay and doggy style. Yeah, it's okay. Prevention Leah is stuck on Hunt touch on hand. I have feet though. All right. So you saw you you saying like you giving a top you feel me? This is like No, yes. As a other females right now. All right, and I respect that. I really do that females on my face. You don't gotta feel special the females on my Facebook live said they're lying when they said y'all niggas is lying. They said y'all look disappointed. I'm amazed. They said y'all is on a booty hoes different filmy. Okay, that's your five different. That's a different. That's the way different. So what's so I mean, I feel like I say just like pussy this is skin is what makes you think that because I did it. It helped me and I ate and the guys know I ate a female as well. I'm bisexual. So he sent me I can't tell I can't be as either Advocate and I have tried it myself. You feel me? I can't be pushing it. I'm just saying like a my foursome. I did a little teens and it was like yo, I see why next year - like this is fun flying. Hey, we gotta take that pink pussy pill shit that you was young. So, okay. Thank you so much I gotta - you have to have sex we did way from each other to read the instructions and do it. Do you have a boyfriend? Yeah, wait for it. Somebody killing that right now like somebody I don't know my Valentines Day didn't go to it was expected. Okay, but did you fuck him after that? No. No, I'm single. I don't know but just March. It's my birthday coming up. Okay? Okay. I want to know y'all want the deed. So I'm not having sex or anybody else. Okay, I've been having sex with the same person hasn't been good since them it's always been phenomenal because I've been fucking since I was six let me shut up because I don't know one of these bitches watching my live and they gonna pop up in my crib, but try to fuck it standing over there. I think we all happy like old pop smoking which is RP the big wool. Yeah them bitches. They all match at the funeral buddy. Be like this. We not fight over. It's okay, you know that he's for the streets. There's no me. Like if he for the streets baby girl, you get your hands and I get mines like old mad about you keep him if you want to fight over him that bag and that's just bad. whoa Okay, like what I was supposed to write was it because you were together. I was getting my hair braided. Okay, so she just she was drunk. She came in. No, she wasn't logical. I'm Tonto like that's my homegirl, right because he saw him stab her. Oh, so I just got in the way and I got hit so you have you don't put nothing in your mouth. I feel like you be going Still Ball moving everything right now you Kevin don't come here. Cat more sng. Like we don't even do that. Let me put some more wine to your color. I don't feel like his like is working like yeah, I couldn't talk to you talk to me like, you know, you ain't ever have a crazy moment before people stop lying you a rapper. Yeah, what happened? My BM tried to study some girl. Wow. Why is your fucking seat with the baby mother? I'll have you on a baby mother K baby mothers really be out here trying to stab the bitch and need to go stab that baby. Father. Listen, I he hit me up. You know what that's why I'm so afraid to just like be a baby mother like I pray to God don't be a bitch don't settle to be a big brother every day like this and I literally have to be married first like you for me and we as believers, Friends decide to have a kid, that would be so question for y'all because we don't have any children if it's a fight between your baby mother and your girlfriend and you really focus your girlfriend whose side you on it depends. It depends because all right ladies. Trying to attack your girlfriend. Oh, no, I'm on my girlfriend. Okay, that's what that's why I was going with this. But if she keeps trying to attack your girlfriend like to be honest though, you know what it is. I feel like the toxic relationships. Sometimes it gets stuck in her may be fun. So it's like ocean a fighting over money bitches. It's a little more enjoyable rather than like being quick to dissolve not easy. You you feel me even though yes, they may be crazy. We are not taking over. The fact that they may be crazy if somebody mother's be crazy as fuck but I still y'all niggas be digging them down. They're not playing Tango by themselves. You know, it's something like I giving them a little bit of Hope a little bit of one to fuck for me a little bit of texting and to am even me a little bit of it was always you you feel me like we've been through this you really this they always get those textiles like they not holding on to nothing here. We gotta chalk it up to the fact that you know, men play a part in the reason why baby mother sometimes well, that's a fact because I'm not for nothing like I've been in this issue and we jump him up here. That's crazy right now. She's okay. That's true. That's true. True like I mean have you ever had gotten to something we like they got into your phone and seeing pictures and videos and shit like you got it. Yeah, I got you on trial for that. Oh, yeah girl. Yeah Big Mo anybody you get in trouble for finding videos. Yeah. I like making videos. Like I'm not gonna lie making videos to like, I just love to watch that shit back. Like I'll get in trouble for a video bro because it hang on. Oh, no, no meaning. I'm not hiding like I think out of all of my like sexual it's because I was imagining I was 15, but I even saw a fucking till I was 16 I go hold you I can really count on one hand like who I made videos with and like not for nothing. Oh, my one hand is only two niggas that really got videos of me and wanted to because I was with him like pheno like my most recent relationship. I was attending since I was 16, so it's not even gonna lie the videos I make like they have to stay with the person because they gonna be embarrassed to hear themselves. Like that wouldn't get out you understand it in the video moaning like sometimes they don't And have the videos done a long time who he's still got the video sharing what you know what you shouldn't use this you sure like the shit is real like the videos is here to stay. Like I'm sorry, but matter of fact talking about videos. I have a question real quick. Are we gonna play this game called too sexy or too pretty now I forgot to make another car is something to so y'all gonna share that one actually gonna have this one. Okay, so I'm going to ask a couple questions, right? And I need to know your honest opinion. I need to know if it's too sexy or if it's too pretty for you, okay? So this is a BMO is blushing. It's caker met in this is sex in the gritty and if you like that nasty shit, I know you're fucking with me on Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcast on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify you can Follow your favorite podcast, so you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes listen to offline wherever you are, and you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already, please be sure to download the Spotify app search for sex and the greedy in New York City on Spotify or browse podcast in your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of your favorite podcast sng. I am a so the first question is your new flex has a forever viral Twitter sex video of her in an old Flex still circulating tell me it should is lit on Twitter is still getting retweets. She's a hot as bunch of hugging her ass bus. You feel me ready? It's good. He has no money. I want to say that is gritty. You're dumb. That's that's Can't be married to Kanye. If you sanction, that's my bitch. That's your bitch. That's period no, no because come in your face and say oh I did nothing with her if they respect you and again is never going to do that. That's I think everyone can agree with that but niggas never gonna stop. Yeah. So what you're going to say because they give a fuck about that cause niggas who don't respect you and I can attest that. I really don't know guys who've been in situations when like niggas don't respect the don't sit back and laugh like I'm fucking that bitch. You know the whole life says super gritty celebrities, please go to hell. How did got to be celebrities. Let's go. So what is my position Kim enough to get? Yeah, and now they are a power couple making billions not Millions. He sanction Amber now looking Amber Amber making the bank you sanction. If you were real last nugget I go with Blac Chyna Perry is he made blockchain gonna get scared is thanks and shit. That's what if that's what y'all say. Y'all niggas. I know right from wrong. You out here doing Dino's bitch. I'm not trying to go in and shit all the time and I see what this sucking dick. What if it's just you can't see her face really but you she's like babe. I right. That's me by people make us on Twitter people make means I just like that about their kid dick and it right. That is the money Grandma it right and make a bitch eat another bitch out. Like it's always some section like that is really like the same mean. Okay going viral, but they definitely put her free because again, if a if a fifteen-year-old getting into it and then see this shit from when I was just seeing that shit gonna stop again and I think I've been on Twitter since I was yes, I was 15 and it's changed some more corn is way more poor National of to the point that shit that shit to learn about move up, whatever yo, Okay, let's just run. To the next one. Anyway this I'm sorry. We just got so fucking beautiful. Then we got to the point. Okay. So next one y'all been dating for nine months. Then you find out she has the only fans. Oh, but it's caking like you she does my you mad shit. You don't know it's coming closer. I heard somebody talk to me talk to me. So it was you fuck with a girl who has the only I know but I mean she is like the video like just by playing with herself for a fucking a dildo. No, I'm not. Pretty lady. I don't want no nigga spicy questions. I don't condone that. Now you have our own defense do not try to be with me. You have only fans. Don't try to be with me, please. It's just let it be known for the just like you'll be my God only fans. I might still keep you around like hey. It has the car that you wanted waiting for you right the car paid for the car the car stopped smoking and no no because K, let me tell you. All right, we don't know if my nigga got it only feels he's beating his dick to make that money. I don't know if that's a nigga. How can I put it? We don't know who's Buying your only fan. All right, somebody that means another nigga is getting arrival for my nigga being a dick and might be using hold on. Hold on. What does that have to do with him that someone else desires to see this nasty? I don't want to know that there's another nigga fantasizing off of my nigga beating his dick like that's nasty. So I'd rather let that's that's nasty. That's another thing your man. That's to another man. He's just doing his part to put it out. Like I do my show and I put my show out to people and it's Germans and Asians and bisexuals and lesbians and feminist and a fucking punk KKK wanna listen, that's just on them right? Keep it a buck. Right humming shows. I mean, it's just like how girls post a body picture I think I don't go up on the net we out working all that stuff. Y'all go on PornHub the times and all that shit. Not really. I've seen service go. PornHub as revenge like all this bitch violated we didn't put the video out on some corny shit because grown niggas do that like grown hurt men. I'm like, that's the other day. She's like haha baby father liked as out of Revenge he put like all their sex videos on PornHub. Like that's the craziest shit I ever heard in my life. I said he did what she like your girl Keith Stokes, but he's so angry like he put like and she's never on my fiance. intimate like, you know we was doing I would lose weight on some crackhead shit to study the shit impacted me that much especially if I know you don't got them. I'm gonna get you for everything is not gonna revenge porn leaked my eyes. What type of sick shit is that? Okay last night you had to be careful to fuck you make videos with ladies. So that's some niggas is nuts. That's some niggas is much is a whole fact. I cannot you really got to be mindful of like it's really bitches be trusted niggas and I even seen it like it's crazy. Like the last weekend, I see my people on Facebook like, oh we back on Twitter. We back on Twitter and I was like don't come on to the bring back our fucking smut Sundays and shit because I remember when I was in high school that was all you know, when I was in 10th Grade, I was 2009-2010 niggas niggas niggas. They would expose girls technically ambitious wouldn't even know they got them recorded or like visually beginning every son and alumina and you younger than me. That's it is - it is fucking crazy. So that's just a younger. Mindset because it's like they don't understand like when I'm making a video with you, I'm trusting you want to stay in like I'm sorry. You can't make a video with everybody like I like it. That's not niggas like bro. I know I'm super tatted. Like I know I'm a child is I'm very mindful that it's only one Miga. Oh my oh my oh, my that is only one again. I can sit there. So I got videos of Shawna and like you see all my recent access like awesome none of the officers and they said I had a video you're lying because right well my eye mask you on my back. Like so all right. Y'all niggas got group chats, right? Like they'd be sending videos of as they be busting. But that be your man. Do you understand like that? Don't be like dude be random. We don't sound each other that I guess female group chats it different cuz you don't either you don't have a good chat that move like that. Nah, that's like that's like back then that's not that's not the 2020. So I'm telling you like that's probably going Finally, I stuck my man dick, but not only if I not suc- 123 okay, he's a baby. I was doing a girl. He's a baby. I told his ass is Young. That's not even young. I was doing that. I don't lie. I've been into that shit since you feel me what having sex with Kim Kanye says always do that shit. And you watch the moment. Is it gonna be miles an hour ahead given me has great from giving head. That's fine. Yeah device. She said it she like not like. And even for me, she'll have a nice she was coming like this Friday night. I know she could do that would be sometimes you just hit the fucking button and that should just go foosh like you never know like I mean well now I it's on command but like family that was a skill that has to get down pack before when we had to work our way up there. But um the last question though, we we chat and every time you get a question, we saw a fucking change. Alright, alright. So the last question is would you rather? Your parents see a video of you having sex or you see a video of your parents having sex all rather mop concert video me having sex my mom's birthday and I was Buster some girl eyes. I don't know what made her do that like nobody's talking. I was looking at shoes on some oh and this short even is awesome like I just like the first time like no, it's not the first time. I killed my mom's Bowl trying to say like I haven't been in that situation where I've been walking on a by parent or I don't fucking my house. I'm fucking my house. Okay, I don't fuck my house. Like out of my exes. Only two of them niggas ever probably had sex. the amount of Crips as wants to 2016 and once in 2019, I don't fucking my house at all and but for someone to apparent to walk in on me or like to see I don't think I've heard my parents when I was a kid and I got really like traumatizing that so I don't think I would even I don't want to see them and I don't You see a parent? Yeah, that should have traumatizing to because I don't feel like any of my parents see my video is going to try it. It's like I'm grown now different. You know, that sounds good. I know what I'm gonna do with y'all rather your parents see the video or would y'all rather see a problem see my video rather than see my blog. This bitch is so dumb. She gives me had a high level knowing her mom's is West Indian. Oh, it was sitting here to get up and walk back and forth. Just cuz you know because it right. Yeah get caught my dick on. My mother was Rollin Rollin not while know me though. The most problems are hard life like why you ain't going your room like, what the fuck? Wrong that you like and I'm just sitting in on some so well, I grabbed the car key. Now you sit next to the window unlock the doors from the crib way too far to go back in the room. I got up in my coat on I said, yeah you buggin and straight walked out not but they got them bitches who don't let me see. That's why I like I said like when I was in high school bro, I never used to understood how bitches mother's was allowing them to fucking sleep over there nigger crib 15 16 or like, you know, like allowing them to do. Ooh certain shit. Not my fucking parents. I had to take my ass to Brooklyn to go get my ass buses. You fucking shit me yo, that was never know. He coming to my crib to come. Fuck me. Like I will take my ass to fucking Canarsie to go get dealt with like it was looking really fucking at that age when I did start fucking like I did have a little freak revives you for me because my mom and I used to have the free and we had three floors and I have my own floor and then it was a basement like, oh no. Look who's late. Ro, you know all the Crimson the floss is like that every trip in the 80s is a mirror image when I was crazy and I was in junior high school. I just gonna reutemann no batian. I was fucking how to fuck you ended up traveling at fault for school. That's how everybody always known me. Like that's how I always know all the young brat niggers and all that shit. That's hot niggas know. You are smart nigga if you want to rhyme and I was I was one nigga from East New York that I went to every school. I was never I was never one of those kids that my mom's I used to get kicked out of school. So I always went to school to school to school. Right? So that was the large Junior High School. I stayed in when I got over there are some Eastern Europe fact, so I was in like the canal see niggas like my and I was always around older Niggas Ain't Shit. So like how I dress a hard talk. Was it the same as other niggas right? Well I got and I got mad pussy. Suburbs and great kill Matt got mad cause he kills like and that's how I always know how they cribs was over there. Right because they always had the free girl's mother always had to know that she'll always be my best friend in high school. Like she always had the free they always had the every time I always a girl be like Kind of my career before school. Was she like come on crib after? Yeah. I was fucking in the morning before I go to school I go to school. This is Roy each man. I was going to school. I was in seventh grade. I was going to school almost every day. I love him to ensure. She never picks. Home so they never knew they always thought I was a high school kid. I always liked older. She like to address older he was missing first period That's the first pretty odd. I think about that. I'm going okay. This should last us to see the school after school. I was always going to guys work. That's why I love cannot see now. That's one reason why I always loved Canarsie like It was just his son girls and he's like surgeries in the east. They let you kill whatever and Manju this young is some of great right? They'll let you kill what I was noticing. It was scared. Like they was witty and could not see like they was not like we're smoking it. Yeah, you can smoke that. I always been I've been smoking. I started smelling like 12 years old. So every crib I went to I'm going I can smoke is smoke was lit. That wasn't the typical young nigga. I was always like I had him out. I'm so every time that's why I always loved cannot she always loved cannot see because the cribs I was always into my crew. I cannot see them Jamaican exactly pussy. Oh pussy like please stay your ass for you at Be bullshit. So I was like and then to not to not to say like that but sir can all see girls be on some that you could just tell life and I always use that makes he bitches it was holes back in the days when I was in high school. Most ambitious was from Canarsie listen to Not all no, I'm not. Yeah, that's not old. Oh not long. Colleague over there. I got to shut the free. I mean most not coming home at 11 o'clock at night taking you on days. They was dropped. They would Rub It smash it. She still does she still gonna be from her mom's she got that she got that listens even for queens or you from the floor see if it's not the V kind of young okay on Mill Basin kind of she be on some fly shit for me. Is she always got the free shot the free from 7:00 in the morning till 11:30 at night. How come on my mom won't be home. My mom's going to work then she coming right home. That's a fact a floats. Will she go my grandma used to hold me down though. Leaving them in a crib. Bring nobody in my house. Cause my niggas microbial life my little sister the curve. I'm like, bro. You ain't no The Vibes. Hold it down. That's my Gemini twin. That's my dog's you send me she five years younger than me. That's my doggy. She like I got you. I leave a crib for me goldlink my Flex on 103, you know one or third is a walk from the 80s, but you know, what you young you in love. I'm a wolf. Let me go see me in the back. But but so I bust out on a third-rate see my flakes came back think everything is Gucci I didn't get caught nothing for me my mom come home from work in the morning why should he woke me up with the belt like me it's a you Levi night time I won't let him go and I swear I swear to God to this day I face because he was just like a pedophile he just wanted me for the fact that he knew where I was going. Will you know where this is going? He snitched roll that shit hurt my heart bro. I never like I don't know the main reason block so they always was watching me and then like with my pops working for the fire department is like it's always orders the fireman daughter. So like the point that like even like before I got with my back with my nigga like not for nothing but niggas used to come and pull up on my block to come check me. Oh, he's my father who pulled up in front the house in a Mercedes Benz or who pulled up in front of the house and in a jeep truck'll be pulled up in a one time. He asked me. He said you had some I pick up in a white Maserati two nights in a row. My girls are two different niggas more. Damn, okay. - sissy talk to me baby. He was crazy. I didn't fuck you. Neither niggas that on the Maserati I was like, but okay baby feeling because we be going out when they get that many relationship and not a nigga in jails. Anyways, well, I'm so happy that you got for him to be carried on the way. He was anyways fast forward fast fucking forward in that you don't like when I was the fuck that blond wig. I was a whole other person. Hmm. I was the fuck outside. Put your shit. Like I'm so like I'm in the spot with the wrappers in the section lit. I'm in the studio late night with the husband. I'm just not a little rapid. I'm soaked. My like rap is the BBC on the fucking shade room. Like I was out fucking side like outside when the strip club or that wasn't paying for shit. So it was like and I have to swing no pussy. No nothing not even my mouth nothing like but the meaning is 2000 what you how do you she went to all? You in school only is old enough. Oh, yeah, right. No, okay. I can fuck with it like a good girl like, you know me so and so he started blushing and you remember you see why You demand respect like this with your order like you from your gotta get your orders, right? I know I'm happy you say that because you know, like we've taken BMO on like other interviews this week and I was like the feedback like people see like, you know the stardom and him and they say like he's gonna make it as his energy everything in fact like you my bitch. Minded and when Thursday comes Thursday night. Me so tomorrow y'all ever hit me up. Uh-huh. Try to get me to manage. Y'all try to get me to do y'all PR and shit when Thursday night comes up to me. They say something BMO at 7,000 followers, but I met him he was not 7005. Okay? Okay. Okay. I want you by the time I graduate in May he gonna be a 10K followers and bought it four times a year and all right. So business moves big big big moons big fucking Moon tell me everything. Everything keeps everything can be mo Clarity entertainment. Okay, as you should listen to me, everybody needs somebody like showing only team if y'all don't know like this sound like a whole team by herself. Let me just say if she's behind you she's behind you. Yeah, and I said genuine spirit that everything she feels just comes from love. Like he genuinely wants to see you in like even if she didn't win in the process. She was still hope you like that type of person that she is like and that's like you guys you gotta keep around you. Yes, baby. I like having a leg okay so I just you know I want to make sure because nothing like that I've been advocating for Beemo okay for the longest time over the summer I made a post saying who like some of the rabbit so I thought well it at the time so I mentioned like waspish pop smoke two to I mentioned BMO what I was getting cold all types of bitches is bitch this this dick riding bitch in this picture does dick rotten-ass post and then I like I was getting cursed out like the post went viral I had to mute it on Facebook I was getting cool types of dick riders I had niggas niggas from Brookline cursing me out oh this bitch one niggas to oh this bitch think she Anjali Anjali he's not an alien doll baby I said that like where you going with your music now he's coming at me like oh I'm tired of being tagged in this polls like oh this bitch yeah like look at that said this bitch really think she Anjali and I was like um look where I'm at now I may not think I'm actually because I was just partying my Anjali for her birthday right and I was on my old co-workers from the Brooklyn Nets and film I've had the CEO of Atlantic Records and my professor who's a known anr in the industry took very nicely in the insane. So I was like I may not be asleep, but we had somewhere me tell you something baby girl. They don't ever see the vision until it's up. Y'all understand and it's up. Its up - okay, like they don't they don't understand like as a creative like I don't give a fuck if nobody don't see my vision as long as I see my vision it's lit and I said nothing. He's gonna get far like the other day. We were in the studio like in the office and we were playing just his mixtape and to some songs but a very very very well-known executive. Hmm in the industry, right and he was vibing with and he said to me I support you so I'm going to be at your event this person signed pnb Rock. Okay, Kodak Black Oak Twomey to to Jesus and the list goes on. Okay. Okay. Let's just let's go home. I saw was like nothing nothing like you know, and that's the only little piece of gems. I'm gonna give y'all only when it's live shit but okay can't be more 20 motherfucking 20K moving forward a lot of y'all niggas from Brooklyn going to have to really get that shit the fuck together because when be most up only next and a lot of pressure as a different type of fucking pressure These Niggas Can't Wrap his career at okay. This is when you hit the gang gang gang gang just know some shit about to come out this okay? Okay, y'all have Perfected that like I feel like I need can we gotta we gotta find this? This is like you stuttering. I'm trying to go gang gang gang gang and it was just can't can't can't can't do you get cake cake cake cake? He liked that I would get it I get it. But listen, I'm gonna get that drop from your so I'm not gonna need another cute little sex because gummy we gonna do it DJ drop. No here. We can measure fabric actually because last year how last season she had a rapper Doodle song. We can give you like a hammer theme song theme song theme song is featuring Jay billion right over there. I'm gonna just say like my theme song has been my favorite part of this coming season because I'm on my theme song I found in nice and spicy. Talking correctly. I was supposed to play if you have not played at the but now I'm going to just say like honestly, I just love everybody as creatives and what they are doing and as a black people marketing ourselves finding out that we ourselves are the best thing that we have the best product that we have to push in our minds is whether millions are now. I'm just so honestly happy for all the black creatives realizing that and opening businesses starting podcast radio shows cooking. Every talent that it is that you are professing and I'm just proud of you and I want to know keep going it gets hard. Sometimes you feel like you're by yourself. Sometimes. It's like the Deliverance isn't coming to your head. The ideas are flowing. You don't know what to do next. I promise you. You're right there like you got that shit you really do even when bitches want to talk slick and people want to come at your head list and they don't know what's in your mind. They don't know how far you can go like all they have is one of the whatever they know of no, and that's a fact and I'm just telling him like, you know in the car. I said, you know, someone had commented like something salty to try to like, you know defamation of character towards him but I'm shutting all that shit down. It's not like if you're watching this I'm telling you now. You cannot slander this nigga cuz I'm gonna get it pulled down and you're gonna get sued. I know my shit. Yeah, it's gonna get pulled down you're gonna get sued. Like, I I believe like feed been with him longer than I have but like it's a team thing now and you know fee has done a lot of the work whether it be taking him out of town. you know like so now here I am from the like label standpoint of it so it's like I get it because I'm coming from like the label and a radio standpoint at things in I know it took a lot of like it took a lot of whatever female probably been feeling proud like if it's been overwhelming it took a lot of that off his chest cause it's like all right he's seeing progress now right yeah I'm trying to say because so many people could come in the room and be like oh I can promise you this that and the third I've only been working with them for less than a month honestly the way y'all my when I'm ready for the tour more write-ups of him the be no listen to Plan B my notice and for he's you gonna hit new music every month every month new music new visuals every month every month we're not playing you and you guys are coming out for the ladies like I want to hear some sexy music okay music okay they will tell you like this and Romansh and I told him to the bitches is going to flock to him my homegirl aboard my up to Hip Hop my way and then she was like oh my God he's so adorable I said ain't no sloppy fat nigga Eastern Sheila soda which is his flagging huh so are you single yes no talk to me I'm telling you tell it right now so we've ever date someone in the industry when I would usually person industry industry industry a girl a female rapper somebody in all I am In the bed know like all I ask and I just really and I say this now and I'll put it here. If you're gonna date somebody in the industry, please don't let it be one of these bottle girl bitches on one of these Instagram started because I feel like I'm on it a lot of niggas get lit. And then as soon as they start to get lit, they start moving funny towards They like stifle had put it's like a lot of these bottle girl bitches don't start. Fuck them niggas until they see and feel me a Niggas be falling for that shit and I'll be in like sometimes you have to sit back and laugh and niggas like em. Oh, no, I've been there niggas rappers that come to the club. No black hey, okay coming in about 3000 in it. Okay going that tool. Okay, and I don't come out the bottles. Okay and board bottles and I promise you and I'm busy. I'm getting pussy. I don't know about other niggas. Okay, what's your sign saying? I'm a cancer. Oh, that's why we get along. So if my best my best friend and my little brother, they both can't be and in my father's in Virgo. Is it everything I like you make sense? Yeah, you are. Emotionless fuck them. Yeah, Loki with everything makes sense. Loki a fucking serial killer and this is the cool common, but it's like low-key why to be afraid of if you ever cross them type of flags. Yummy, trust me. I'm very very loyal gonna go to war field. No, it's 97% compatible. So it will make sense. That is so crazy. But that's what I was saying. If you go on dates my in Industry, I just asked it won't be one of them bottle girls thoughts and images. You understand because it's gonna take something that has like one know why because the bitch is cool exactly like them. I'm not saying that you could do whatever you want. Oh, this bitch is mad cool. Like she said here she crack jokes and sermons. Don't be funny. If a girl can make me laugh. Thank you. That's cool. Crack jokes, why is she cool right. It was ignited cooking. She like that. I don't hide. But it's earned bottle service girls has bouncers goes down that and I didn't fuck with them before that. Right and did not a bottle service girl, right? So now they see what type of nigga I was before. They was bottle service girl right now that they bought do that. They never changed right on me because it's almost like right it's not always been lit. Like right there's been a humble nigga. So now the me and support me even more because they got a little fake platform, right? I gotta just push myself harder and that's fine. That's that's As honestly networking like we even if you pipe 10 years ago, they do something now, they would have post that shit that's bullshit even like filming if you have those relationships, you got to use a lot of teeth utilizes the admissibility. Okay, y'all bitches y'all like when he spend money Tell The DJ play his song everything right send us videos to you dancing to the song. Yeah hidden trying to say because I'm not spending money ensure bar if you can't tell the DJ to All right, you're the one who's crazy. You know how I started doing that. He even been awesome. It's not the crazy. Hmm. We always get so much bread that after a while once I see like, let's see me and him I just bought we are child ball because everybody's to bottleservice go to one ball, right? So Abby both of y'all work. Hmm. I didn't gave y'all like 1500 already. Okay, I'll probably take 500 800 and I'd that eyes walk around the whole Yeah, I don't money around the whole climb talking about even at the DJ booth door money everywhere. So now everybody's going oh not as think as Wireless, right? So the girls that I other balls that didn't make no bread for the night. They met bride, right? So now they get really gonna post me right so then they go on to the time I'm coming in Phoenix. Ether okay, bitch was me Kiana ether miss the papers son. I stopped my first time install it. I said shit. I see why these bitches were scrambling like roaches. Not as Mary was throwing fuckin 20 bins. Then that big load maybe you know that big deal. I'm a bookie, I guess. Okay. I hear you 22 shoutouts to shoutouts to Tony Tony from High Ridge Tony. That's my girl. Listen shut out. Listen. Well y'all come up here. Everybody is getting Shadows pull up. Y'all know. I know you're not ready for the Spice ha ha ha But you know she want to come sit in the hot seat. Let me know who you think would be a good fit. It's come up here next crap in the hot seat. Try mini Tramp many because especially cause he got that one night stands all coming out now and okay some shit like you took a hot horny freak shit. Yeah. Yeah be talking nasty shit. No, give my boy boy alone here. Oh boy. We're gonna fucking say they don't worry. Well, I've slowed it's not loose screw, you know him and I asked both of them niggas Die Young. I want to be then again. I have animated it sound like we got a couple episodes. We need animated know that's gonna be a good episode midnight. I go front of papa interview. Probably really gonna have you and fucking nuts. Yeah, that's a fact that's gonna be a good episode happy and not y'all funny. I'm not besides the you know Young King BMO train that we on right now. We're hearing from stop. You know, it's a real it takes a real person to just join the team and go as hard as everybody on the team and that's the real shit and if y'all didn't listen to this interview in here that I don't know what else y'all heard from besides appreciate y'all got some gems they got some real insight stories that I got to hit keeping will getting walked in on you feel me like, I'm not gonna lie like that. That would be it for me. What I like is I would not come back. Do you imagine I talk to you for a couple of days like I don't think but it's a female's different I get my dad was walking on me sucking dick. He will be your mind. Yo, my father attack the guy first. Okay, and I know she's beautiful not that daughter's arm a pretty believe you dead. Daughters are mad pretty sure that one pick their daughters are mad pretty fees daughters Italian Dominican and then beyond below your Panamanian your baby mother panamanians who I love a mix and see Dominican Haitian. Okay. So first of all, I know that pussy was fired. Okay, he has a boy and a girl asking how old his son is. How old is your son father and his daughter? How old is she? Okay, so beautiful. So beautiful that I know what is her name Alton about is that video? That's another they are based on how she like so handsome Mm photos and the phone. I'm then. Yeah, but most of it is her. Oh like last night like you have to like if you walk around the house. You can't walk around the house in no clothes on no more secrets, you know know what you're walking past it up just like this. you got that I sit there and just if I'm on the phone whatever and then I just pay attention like tuning like look around you have to look around the room that quiet the camera you'll see in a corner or something like oh she got it set up see ya crazy mom you got to monetize her and Mark listen these kids are not cheap okay monetize them they are beautiful they are intelligent they're working phones their opening apps are downloaded the apps declining the call from your job your grandma I see my Hunger nuts in my hair yesterday she's looking for her phone she like showing a call my phone as I got you sis call the phone her son is bouncing on the couch naked you know little kids bounce on the couch nigga up and down like a trampoline he hears the phone ring he picks it up and I'm watching him he slides it he says hello and he throws the phone down and he starts bouncing like a trampoline again I said well I see a man had your phone bro like hey kids they know what they do my nephew say way but My extra phone he'll be like, oh he went to Shawna. Can I see if I want to watch a boogie? Mmm ready ready? Man has been here inos up like the kids know and I know the words to the songs I'm saying what you got the kids because the kids would know the lit songs. They know that if they know everything they own trailer. They I can't even get the this is a be doing. Oh the kids. You know how to do that shit. Yo great. Like how do they do this? I'm not gonna lie. How are they communicating all like this, you know, maybe on YouTube watching it and you don't want it. That's a fact, you know, what else? The baby manomet there. She might have you read a Chris they get that shit. I like yo, you know your school work like this the fuck like my parents always say that yeah nigga. I just don't like it. I'm not young but let me be more the kids be wrapping your lyrics that's a fact that's a fact and it's like when you give back to the school's you show up at the kids and the kids know you may feel you. They support really loved you in English. Yeah, and I felt like the biggest fan. I'll be telling people like y'all be thinking o cuz this person live on Facebook nigga be the junior high school. Is that elementary school kids it gives you get you let one day and told me shoot that's a whole different type of late because they they stream is different like the mother country and everything through and I was talking about that the other day with my little cousin. She's a junior at Lincoln now, I don't use in junior high school how fucking Facebook name had licky as her last name her. Hello Dyke girlfriend, like there was a time when the junior high school kids like they was jacking the biggest shit as their names like the junior high school kids. is who really makes your list of family you even know that I know you know people that run junior high school programs on it you know Leticia you really listen to me okay I just want to say this has so far been like one of the funnest interviews I've done this evening even though it's only two and I really appreciate you guys for coming out thank you so much thank you for being in the hot seat thank you for being honest evening I don't suck toes I gonna get there listen when y'all get that call me when you get to eat a few better call me like that you okay I'm not even gonna lie what you use right it's a just like pussy you better call me you told you over there haha a nigga be okay and I'm gonna see y'all on Thursday I hope y'all know I'm gonna be on and I will be in attendance we gonna see y'all Thursday is a movie to anyone who got confirmation RSVP list don't come in my ship hoodies on the fuck I'll turn you around this is not no hood and take this is really like dress to impress this is an industry event talk to me is almost you know pants under the ass I want to see no do-rag only person who probably coming able to do dragons be my when he taking it off as soon as he come on the call okay yeah I'm I'm big on they will know like the other day in Asylum be most behind me and see take you through ragging hoodie off we don't play those cuttings if you don't play The Booty Like a fika Rock right now and Sunday but he know take the drag off your head okay all right y'all heard it here first and this is probably going to be the finest interview he's ever gonna do it anyway thank you so much guys and we will check you next time on sex and the gritty have a great Sunday