What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my very first episode of my podcast that has no name looking for suggestions looking for anybody that can help me with that. I'm very happy and excited to be getting into the whole podcast world. Yes. Hopefully, you know that I have a YouTube channel and I still love making YouTube videos and all of that. I'm not getting rid of my YouTube channel. I'm not going to stop making videos. But I will be you know, getting into the podcast world. I think a lot of what I do a lot of what I talked about kind of works better in podcast form with that being said, I'm still going to be going on my trips with my guys and putting that on YouTube. I'm still going to be doing my Vlogs. I'm still going to be, you know, putting family time on YouTube and going on the golf course, all that still going to be on YouTube still love YouTube. Also, I love you know, my wife and I were kind of focusing on our Channel a little bit more than just my channel. So that's kind of where my head's at. There's another there's a couple more reasons that I wanted to jump into the podcast world as well. I think that there's a lot of opportunity in podcast. I think that it's a lot easier to get a guest on to your show rather than onto your video simple as that and hopefully you guys will stick around with me. So you'll help me share what I am I guess passionate about or really just help me get out my channel get out my podcast. I don't hold the the best thing to say when doing podcast, but I guess whichever platform you listen to and you prefer please listen to me. But with all that being said, this is kind of just a introductory for my channel for my show and Again, I'm looking forward to really hitting this hot and heavy and hopefully you guys will join me for the ride with that being said I wanted to kind of tell you guys a little bit of water about about what this podcast is going to be about essentially. It's going to be about three things that I'm very passionate about one being Sports. If you know me, you probably know that I am absolutely In love with every single thing to do with sports whether it be, you know Hot Topics fantasy anything basketball baseball football golf you name it? I love sports and you know, so we're definitely going to be talking about sports and we'll probably talk a lot about sports, you know to tell you the truth whether it be March Madness coming up right around the corner talking about baseball and my Yankees NBA playoffs college football NFL fantasy. It really doesn't really matter. I can't wait to do that. I already have a couple guys that I'm trying to get onto the show and I think that's going to be awesome for our show and our Channel. It'll be really good. So Sports deathly going to be a main priority for this show. Also we're going to be talking a lot about business on here. I'm going to have some business owners on the show. I'm going to talk about unique Ways to make money money is a big deal everyone loves money. So hopefully that'll be something that you know, they and you will, you know, love to listen to and tune into I can't wait to get all into that. It's 2020 guys and there are plenty of ways to make money and truly. I really do enjoy hearing about unique ways to make money whether it be stocks eBay Amazon. Being and wholesaling, and you know all of that good stuff all that jazz. We're going to jump into it. We're going to do anything and everything we can to help you guys make money talk about my money if you want to talk about that, you know, really it doesn't matter. I love business. I love money. I love making money. I love working hard and hopefully you guys you will be able to see that with this podcast, you know working hard is a big priority. In my life and you know, I can't wait to do that with this. And again, I appreciate you guys for taking the time out of your day and your car at your office. Whatever you may be doing. If you're still listening to this podcast, it really does mean the world to me. Also, you know with old business aspects of things. We'll talk about debt will talk about you know, what we think about debt different types of investment strategies and investment opportunities. Unity's real estate it's going to be it's going to be awesome. So with the last thing and definitely not the least thing on this YouTube channel. Look there I go on this podcast. We're going to talk about Jesus. I love Jesus and I really didn't talk about that enough on my YouTube channel, and I it's not too late obviously, but I definitely want to talk about Jesus on this podcast. Hopefully, you know, if one person hears, Name of Jesus and strange by that then it's worth it. And you know, I hope you guys can respect that aspect of this podcast and hopefully you'll enjoy that as well just as everything to me and hopefully, you know, we can enjoy talking about sports business and Jesus all at the same time again, I appreciate you all for being here listening to this podcast. With with podcast, you know the best way to grow it and have success with it. It's reviews. If you could do me a huge favor, it would be awesome. If you could take you know, a couple extra minutes and leave a review like this podcast and and truly, you know, if you can do that, that would be absolutely everything to me. I would truly be They grateful for that. I'm excited to see where this goes. I'm excited to get it started. Obviously. This wasn't my best episode but this was the very first episode. So we're going to roll with it and we're going to see what we can do. I can't wait to see where it goes for all of you that are listening and have suggestions on the name, or if you want to hear talk about something if you want to be a guest on the show. Love to have you know a lot of different guest on the show. And you know, I'm going to be trying to get this out on my Instagram and Facebook page and stuff like that. So feel free to drop some comments on topics on who you know what you want to talk about and I'll try to do my best to get it out there for you. But again, I appreciate you being here and I hope you'll join us for the ride. Peace. Hey.