Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for me, but you know, obviously They were not Tom Brady. Do I think he can do it? Of course he can I just don't think it makes sense for him. I do think that the Patriots need to buckle down and get him help. He has been doing way too much by himself for quite some time last year. We had a solid defense. Yeah, but he had nobody to throw do I know they tried to get him some help with bring it in antoniou Brown at the beginning of the year. Obviously that didn't pan out, you know, how we would like it to but Um, yeah, you can't keep relying on a 34-year old Julian Edelman who was constantly banged up. You can't rely on him to get you a hundred catches every single year and even if you did People are late. If he's the only option he's the only target people are going to they're going to cover him. They're gonna double-team and let me tell you Julian Edelman is one of the best route runners in the NFL, but he it wouldn't it just he can't be that he can't be the guy like he can't be the only one you got to go out and get somebody, you know, there's talks about trading the 23rd pick for a Stefon Diggs love that rumor going in signing a guy like Emmanuel Sanders signing somebody like Hunter Henry or Eric Ebron that that Perfect to I think that that would that would really that gets Brady the help he deserves and the help he wants, you know, I don't think it's about the money for Brady and never has been but you know, I could see him returning on a two year 60 million dollar deal. You know, I think that's a lot of the talk. That's a lot of what there's rumors that the Raiders are going to offer them. I think that's about the ballpark of what we would offer them. I think he deserves every penny he Don't know the Patriots anything. I think that If he were to leave though, if Tom Brady were to leave I do think that the Chargers would be his best bet that team has been loaded with Talent. Philip Rivers is a good quarterback was a good quarterback. However, you want to word it but He's not Tom Brady. You never has been Tom Brady never will be dumb. You look at that offense where you got guys like Keenan Allen Austin. Neckla Melvin Gordon. I don't really really know what his situation is of coming but you just loaded with talent and just that top guy alone and Keenan Allen. I think that's huge. That's a huge traction, you know, but I think If Brady were to leave the Chargers makes the best sense. I know that there's this Raiders talk. There's even some talk about the Titans. I don't think the Titans are going to be in on them. I think that that's just, you know, just the fact that variables a good friend and an old teammate of Brady's I think that that's the only reason why that's even a rumor. I think they're going to roll with Tannehill. There's a rumor with the Buccaneers, but no, I think the only real threat To the Patriots for signing Tom Brady is the charger but even then like I said, the Patriot fan in me is going to tell you till the end of the line at Tom Brady staying put he's not going anywhere, but the Patriots do need to get their fucking shit together and they need to get him some help. He can't do it alone. He cannot do it alone. He's going to be 43 years old. He can still get it done. He can still you know, he can still but you gotta meet him halfway. You gotta meet him halfway. You got to get them at least in Emmanuel Sanders at least the I know I mean for some time now, I've been I've been really pushing for that that that Odell fantasy, you know, the Patriots go in and say the knodell from Cleveland and you know, I've been a huge huge huge huge supporter of that one that would that would that would be amazing. But yeah, so in terms of that Tom Brady My prediction is he staying put to at least two more years. But again, the Patriots need to get their shit together and they need to get him some help. What else let's fucking talk about shit. Let's talk about shit. Mookie Betts as a Sox fan. I'm still recovering from that one that one hurt. I don't know. If you ask me man. We could have gotten even better for David Price. You know, I mean, I know a lot of fans up here in Boston are not particularly. The biggest fans of David Price, but I I for one I like I like David Price. I think we could have gotten I think we kind of we could have gotten even better for him. But Mookie Betts Mookie Betts we got Bag of chips. I know they've heard good things about that owls Verdugo kid, but first of all, he's got a broken back. So that's not really a good start. Hmm. But, you know, we got the whip jitta downs and like I don't know what else I don't even remember what else but It's just it's just crazy to me that a top to top three player baseball got traded for luxury cap reasons and shit like that. I think that it's just absurd, you know, I mean, it's one thing that like, you know, you go back a couple of years where the socks dumped all that money with like Beckett Carl Crawford, Adrian Gonzalez and shit. That's different. You take this guy who just On the MVP a couple of years ago LED you all to a championship you trade him for a bag of chips. And for luxury reasons, whatever that no, you don't do that. No, don't do that. Like I said, there's only one maybe two players that I would take over him and the obvious one is Mike Trout. So you got Mookie Betts man and you you have one of the best players in baseball and I get it. Maybe he was going to leave us, you know, but we could have gotten something better. You know, we definitely could have gotten something better. I mean again, I'm not I'm not a GM but I don't know. I'm still I'm still I know that it was weeks ago. But like I'm still I'm still pretty pissed off about that one. That's for sure shit. Yeah. Well, she had senses the first episode I mean We shake it up a little bit. Let's talk about upcoming superhero movies and shit like that. Yeah, so we got a You know my personal favorite Spider-Man. He's got a movie that's That went into production looking forward to that one. You get the Batman Robert Pattinson's Batman with Matt Reeves. Obviously home to direct what else you got. You got the eternals Black Widow is obviously the next big one that is coming out and you got shows like Falcon in the Winter Soldier Juan division Mandalorian season 2. That's a that's Star Wars thing. But you know, yeah, so I mean there's a lot there's a lot of stuff coming out still. Your comic book fan. I know that you know and game really close the chapter for a lot of people on the MCU but like there's still a lot of them. See you left man. You got more Spidey. You got the X-Men coming in shortly fantastic for getting redone and properly done. You know sequels for black panthers sequels for Captain Marvel, Doctor Strange Doctor Strange. I'm really looking forward to the Multiverse of Madness Sam Raimi and that's going to be some good shit. But yeah, man. No, I'm um, I'm looking forward to the future of the MCU. I'm looking forward to the Batman. I'm looking forward to the Batman big time. And then another to another like I'm I'm excited for I'm excited for some DC movies other than the Batman. It's just you know, the dce you kind of as good as their solo movies have been lately. It's just how it all like, you know, you know, there's no more Ben Affleck as Batman. There's no more we don't were unsure about the future of the future of Superman, you know with Henry Cavill and stuff. We don't we don't know. It's very Harley Quinn's Centric which is a little odd to me. I've never been a huge fan of her character. But I mean I can understand. You know, I understand why people like her. Yeah, but I'm a huge, you know, looking forward to seagulls for Aquaman Shazam Black Adam. I'm really looking forward to Black Adam. The Flash The Flash hopefully that movie finally comes out. It's been a while. There's been a lot of like production issues with the flash. I know that much but yeah, no, I am Black Widow on Deck what we got the eternals after that can't really think off the top of my head, but I'm trying to remember if there's any more DC movies coming out this year. I don't think there is Birds of Prey was okay. I thought it was fun. Definitely definitely nothing special, but I think maybe it's what the suicide squad should have been I think James Gunn's version or take on The Suicide Squad. Will be a lot better than that. Here's hoping but yeah, you know, I mean, I am a little bit I am more of a Marvel guy. I'm not gonna lie. But again, I collect all kinds of comic books on huge and everyone especially Spider-Man Daredevil the X-Men Batman, you know, So yeah, I I make sure I have to get in there day one for every single comic book movie. I have to be the day one Premiere night. I have to be there have to be there I guess going forward as well. I guess I should throw this out. There is that this is going to be kind of a movie review podcast as well on top of that definitely. Get some thoughts out on that and hopefully have some of y'all on here and just talk about shit. You know, what else man what else to talk about again? I'm just trying to get warmed up to this shit. So bear with me aye. Big wrestling fan WrestleMania is coming up around the corner. You got a You get a the big big one, you know, if you're into wrestling if you're not in the wrestling, I'd tune out if I were you but the Fiend The fiend that talk of the Bill Goldberg going over the fiend. It's super Showdown is a very divisive and I mean a lot a lot more people are not big fans of that move. Then people that are I mean, it kind of makes sense for you know, you know, the company wants to build around Roman Reigns it has Trying to do that for years. So, you know, you put the fiend up against Roman Reigns. Nobody's going to most people aren't going to cheer for Roman Reigns. I think Roman Reigns is great competitor. He's great. He's a great locker room later. He's got all the tools to be a top guy, you know, it's you know, it's the truth. But but you want to get them you want to get them cheered, you know, and you're not going to get him cheered by You know putting them up against one of the more popular and hottest commodity in wrestling right now, which is the feed. So the obvious decision business-wise is to take the title off of the Fein put it on somebody like Bill Goldberg who has been a fan favorite throughout the span of some years, but he just doesn't have it anymore, you know, and I think a lot of people are seeing that and I think you know, I was at Smackdown the other night and that Boston grub man. Let me tell you that was relentless. The landless man, they didn't they wouldn't even they barely let the guy speak. So, you know, you have Roman take the title off of him. There's a better chance of getting them cheered that way then him inevitably taking the title off the feet man speaking of the Fein him versus Cena. That should be a lot of fun. I do think that you know, I think the the how they did that was really cool being there live in person for it was pretty fucking awesome. And I do think the fiends going to go over Cena Mania in other than in other for other matches, it's clear that they're going to do AJ Styles versus The Undertaker. I'm excited for that. I still think taker has it AJ Styles is one of not the best wrestler in the planet. You can put on a 5 Star match with a fucking broom stick. So I'm not worried about that. I pretty I'm pretty excited for that. I think. Especially because my favorite match of all time Shawn Michaels versus The Undertaker WrestleMania 25 back in o9, you know, and I look at like AJ Styles and the way he performs its closest thing the Shawn Michaels, you know, I mean, I think that you know, so you get that AJ Styles versus Undertaker Match. It's going to be a lot of fun then obviously you got Drew McIntyre the Royal Rumble winner vs vs Brock Lesnar again. I think Rob I think Brock is a lot better than a lot of haters give him credit for but I understand why people don't like them. Obviously. I do think that and I'm hoping that Drew McIntyre goes over. I've always loved you McIntyre always been a fan of Drew McIntyre. So I'm hoping he goes over then you got what else what else what else blows blows? Shit. Yeah, I mean, that's all really I have to talk about for wrestling. What else man what else what else is there to talk about? Again, I'm just trying to get used to this whole thing trying to warm up the first couple episodes of Paris going to be shit. Hey, who knows maybe all of them are going to be shit. I'm just trying this out because I love to talk, you know, fuck it. Um, but um, but um, yeah, so Yeah. Talk more talk more talk more talk more that whatever you don't fuck it. Now. I know I'm gonna be out of water now because I kind of fucked everything up but I'm very passionate about this upcoming Spider-Man movie. That's for sure. I've always been a fan of Kraven the Hunter Kraven the Hunter is one of my favorite comic book characters. Never mind a Villain Like You know, I just always loved Kraven the Hunter I think they set it up perfect for him to be the villain. I know how Sony's been operating though lately. They're doing like the villain spin-offs. You know, you got Venom obviously and you gotta morbius coming up still don't still not sure about how I feel about that one. But yeah, no, you know, I think that I don't want them to do some stupid Craven spin-off. I love Kraven the Hunter and I think that he has a lot to bring to a Spider-Man movie and I think that, you know having Spider-Man on the run and shit like that. That and now that people know his identity at least for now, which I do think that they're going to undo and the movie with Scrolls and hopefully the attorneys of Matt Murdock in foggy Nelson. Here's hoping but yeah Kraven the Hunter they set it up perfect Spidey on the run, you know, he's got to be hunted. So Colin Craven the Junta and I think that I know that this as playing Aquaman, but I think that Kraven the Hunter would be played very well like a modernized version of Kraven the Hunter would be Jason Momoa will be a good fit for that one other people. I mean, I think Joe Manganiello would make a good one. You know, there's a lot of people that can play Kraven the Hunter but I just I'm really dead-set on Jason Momoa. I think that you know, a modern Craven should have this rugged long hair, you know beard all scarred up that type of look, you know, I think that it should just be this raw Savage look for grave anandi. I'm really really looking forward to that. That's for sure and I'm hoping again really hoping it's Kraven the Hunter I think it is set it up perfectly and it I'd be I'd be pretty shocked if they went another way. But uh, yeah, so yeah, there's that on guess. That's all I really have to talk about for comic books shit today again. I'm just trying to warm up can't stress that enough. Just trying to warm up. But yeah going forward for this podcast. I like I really I would really love for Bullet join, you know in like whether you're just in it for a little bit or you want to talk about everything with me, you know, I think that I don't know. I just I think that this could be really really cool. I don't want to be the only one talking for the span of you know, 20 30 40 minutes. I don't want to be the only one talking, you know, I'd love to I'd love to share the share it with other people, you know, whether that's about sports comic books wrestle in music even fuck it. Like anything literally anything or even a just like a fucking vent session, you know because I get it, you know, I know I'm definitely not the only one that goes through the shit that I go through. So be cool to talk with people about shit like that too, you know, so yeah going forward. I mean if you have any answer if you're interested, you know DM me on Twitter Instagram, whatever you can find me on Twitter. Clocky the chief that is a CLA h k y th e CH I EF find me on Twitter. You can just be like yo bro want to join in or if I know you obviously then just shoot me a text or SnapChat or some shit like that because again, I'm really really passionate about this type of thing my man and And I'd love to have other people that are just as passionate like about these things to talk with me about this shit like that and just throw it out there for people to hear, you know, huge deal to me huge deal to me. So yeah, I guess I'll end it here. That is episode one. I'd like it to be more structured going forward obviously and again, I am down for anybody. Wants to help out. You know, I'd love that. I'd love that shit. I love I love constructive criticism. I know I was kind of all over the place. But again, this is the first episode. I'm just warming up to this I'm seeing where this goes and seeing where you know, it's going from they're going from there and Yep, love for y'all to be a part of it even if y'all just want to say yo, yo clock talk about this shit, you know talk about, you know, talk about this. Like, you know, oh, hey, what's your thought about what that, you know, just just feedback, you know, I'd love to I'd love to Hear anything. I'd love to hear anything from y'all. Try and work this out. Please get some feet. So yeah, that's that. I think I'm just dragging this out so we can get to 23 minutes favorite number. Anyways a few few listen to this you're still and you're still listening to this. Thanks so much for listening to the first episode and Hopeful to hopefully making some more have a good one. Let's get out of here see.