Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that We don't have any room to pass judgment because we're guilty of the same things which leads us right into a beautiful chapter 3 talking about how we've all fallen short of the glory of God and that's why we needed Jesus and that's why God sent Jesus. So it's really hopeful even though Romans one can feel a little heavy. So on Sunday, we took verses 21 through 23, and we're just going to read verse 21 today, but we wanted to actually learn how do I set my mind on the spirit to obtain life? Life in peace and the way that we looked learned. How was basically learning what not to do. So in verse 21 speaking about people who knew God it says even though they knew God they did not honor him as God or give thanks, but they became futile in their thinking and their foolish heart was darkened that word futile is just empty when we don't honor God as God our thoughts inevitably turn inward and become really Empty our entire life is boiled down to what I'm going to eat. What am I going to drink? What am I going to wear? How do I feel about this? What do I think about this and we talked on Sunday about how instead of honoring God is God. We've really made self the god in our own culture and in the church and myself personally and that's not again a word to condemn us, but it's a word to call us out and to say how do I actually every day in my practical life in my decision-making honored? God as God one of the keys to a renewed mind is putting self off of the throne and asking God what he thinks or what do you think about this movie? I'm going to watch what do you think about this song? I'm going to listen to what do you think about this conversation that I really want to have about this person that's irritating me. These are like simple questions and simple ways we can yield to God being God and then the second part was that they didn't give him thanks their hearts became dark their minds. Came empty and futile because they forgot to be thankful. And I know in my own life when I choose not to be thankful. I end up just being like really unhappy about everything. There's something to complain about no matter what I'm a critical person without the Holy Spirit. I don't know if you can relate but being thankful is such an automatic mood booster. It's like the Holy Spirit knew we would need it. And so I love how Pastor Robert Herber has said before he's a pastor in the Antioch movement. He said that the Holy Spirit it comes in so quickly when we choose to be thankful. It's like a landing pad for the Holy Spirit to come and power. So when you choose to be thankful today, you can expect that. Your heart is naturally going to be comforted that your mind is naturally going to feel a little lighter that you're going to encounter the life in peace that we all really want. So badly just by being thankful. So the two principles we learn from Romans chapter 1 verse 21 is that we need to be people who honor God as God. Who are committed to radically putting Jesus in first place in our thoughts, and then the second part is that we give thanks for just a thankful people thankfulness, and not only benefits you. It benefits the people around you and it's pretty contagious. So spend some time in Romans one today look at some verses and just ask God what he has for you. How how can we have a renewed mind, and these are the simple steps that we found in Romans 1:21. Hope you have a great. Great day. We'll see you next week for more.