This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like multiple televisions on and no sound and no subtitles. You don't know what's going on. And then you start your in this process where you're either like picked or not and you're kind of stressing because then you'll have to take I was supposed to take almost actually. I don't know if I can say I don't know how much I can say about the actual case, but the whole point of this is that I didn't even get picked. So I was in a room for five hours with this sterile lighting and the only thing I thought I could do to entertain myself was to basically judge whether people were attractive or not. That being said I do not judge you at all for that because I spent might have had a boring day today. But yesterday I spent in Bondi Beach. I did two gym classes in the morning and then spend the whole afternoon just on the beach turning in the water and I was there with two really close friends of mine and we were playing that game of like, who are we into and then analyzing what I type was and why were into the people that were in And it was so crazy how different everyone perceives? Yeah, and that's how we come up with the content of this show, isn't it? No, but seriously, but that's a thing like whenever you're in those circumstances no matter how like, you know, call me vapid or whatever, but everyone does it. So I was in this room with I would say a hundred people and I found about two attractive could not tell you why could not tell you why and I actually made me reflect and this is why we're talking about this today aside from the fact that we deciding this topic ages ago, but was I actually attracted to them or was I just desperate to find like anything interesting in the five or were you just waiting for I was bored out of my mind like there was literally nothing else to do. So I Googled the laws of attraction and it's good time to note that it actually isn't just centered on love, which is what I thought I thought it was like, you know, like the laws of attraction going to be like, why are you physically attracted or emotionally abla unlike a really superficial level? I I thought it was all about being attracted to a person's like physical appearance. And yeah, well I read this article. I can't remember where from I think it was Psychology today, but you know show notes that's what they're for to correct my mistakes and I also can't pronounce the name. So I'll write that in the shoots as well. But basically they said ever since is woman Rhonda Byrne published the the secret if you haven't read it, you've probably heard of it. Apparently it was controversial. I don't really know why but basically it's all about manifestation. It was like this. Self-help book in The Pinnacle of like motivational literature in 2006 and it's like spark this whole new wave of new thought philosophy. So it states that like the law of attraction is the belief that positive or negative thoughts bring positive or negative experiences into a person's life. There is absolutely no scientific proof to this. It's a form of pseudoscience, but I like em, people have tried to research it and justify whether it was it was like one in the on-site medical journal in South Korea found a strong connection between positive thinking and life satisfaction, which is a given but I wouldn't say that science and I wouldn't say well I was gonna ask you do you believe in manifestation? Absolutely not but I don't I don't think that comes as a surprise. I will say it and I will like I will then if something I've always wanted to happen does eventually happen then I'll say owns manifestation, but no not genuinely. I think that I I believe in it because I feel like when I am manifesting and when I am telling myself or believing that a certain thing is going to happen. Hmm. It makes me act a different way in order for it to actually pragma ties. Yeah, do you do that for partners though? No, I don't think it can work in relationships. I think in relationships. I guess I had helped me why you did it for me? Because at the end of last year, you're like I'm gonna manifest you the perfect man and who the hell appears he is beside work your like he's gonna have loose pants. He's gonna be into fashion. He's gonna be taller than you but he's gonna make you feel less cynical and change your mind on romance forever. What happened that exact thing for a good And maybe maybe not was that if a station like it was me telling you repetitively to be more open to love and more open to experiences and to one certain things and there it was there. It was right in front of me. I remember you said you like you just need to let people disappoint you and oh my God, it is definitely happen. We're often laying on words to live by let people in let them disappoint you what's the worst that can happen? She listen to this. Podcast deal with it. Okay, but I want to know getting back to the point of like you at Bondi. I love Oscar how like judging of people's attractiveness come from polar opposite points. Like I came from I would say the most boring day of my life and you're having the time of your life in goddamn Bondi with significantly better prospects. I saw it on a sunny hot day the Whole Beach was full hate you it was great. I want to do that every day. I have not seen the sun since 2015. There's a lot anyway, so I was like, what are we actually attracted to like when you look at someone people always say like some biological bullshit about pheromones. I've said before I don't understand science, but you know, like retrial me. I'm trying my goddamn best and I pulled this article from the Huff post that basically said several things it was like smell which I think is pheromones. I think it is. Yeah, I don't know about pheromones, but I definitely think that smell is accurate like a hundred percent. I feel like especially for men. Yes, because they'll have really strong memories of a smell on a female. Oh my God. Hello. Do you get what I mean? But yeah, I had a girlfriend recently. He's recently single and she was she was sleeping with someone and a comment that he made was sleeping with casual sex. How dare she but his comment was you smell like my mom. Oh my God last thing you want to hear in that come they still sleeping. Yeah, that would wake you right up. I I thought you were gonna say like because men sting. Oh my God. No, I definitely I definitely understand that point as well. Okay diet was the next one and I am not here for this one. I'm sorry. I really am and I'll tell you why. Okay, fat shame go go. I'm not gonna fetch him not at all the case. But um, I think that I've always been interested in men that have like an athletic build. Yep. Obviously, they look good, but I like all of the underlying factors. Hmm. Like in order to help them instructions like an order in order to have a certain body type. You have to have like a structured routine. Yeah, when I see someone who like did you know like rowing or played a certain sport? For example, I know that their really disciplined. I know that their really loyal to their sport. Do you see what I'm going? Yeah. Yeah, so it is tight like it is Diet I can actually you know, what now that you say it. I love a pescetarian and well like a Ian probably not a vegan that pisses me off not vegans in general. But like I've tried being vegan. It's very difficult. It is to be so consistent with I also feel like it's a cultural thing like no no. No, I feel like greekcypriot background. My mom cooks a lot and she cooks amazing food. And I know that it would kill her if I had a boyfriend who would not eat her food. Whatever is yeah, definitely. Oh my God, it's like in the My Big Fat Greek Wedding when her husband's vegetarian. Okay, I'm a clam. I make love literally know that reminds me of a tweet. I saw it was like this woman psych. I'd identifies vegan, but I socially eat cheese and I was like that is I am that woman. That was God's on 70 that mean the other day and I was like, yep God like I will avoid eating anything. I wouldn't feel comfortable killing or milking. But if it's right there in front of me, you know, okay, sometimes just gonna roll with it. Okay fertility for hetero hetero men. Okay, really interesting. I actually know a little bit about the science behind this. I don't know big-hipped at all women light up love it. I've watched like an interview with a scientist about this and he was talking about what it means for hetero men to be aroused by the Hilary aspects of a woman and that was things like her body shape and how wide her hips were and for example in a club what woman men would approach and it spoke about the way she was dancing. So it showed different women dancing in different ways. And the one that would get most approach was the one that was dancing in a specific way where she was like President completable. It was really weird, but it was it was such an interesting perspective. Tibby cuz I have no time for this one like I get it but the amount of single mother households. There are in this country in America. I did it an essay on this. Well, actually I kind of remember the statistics but it was a significant amount of families do not have a dad. I also saw her another tweet. Whereas like no guy has all five one was like Financial Security a job like female friends that they've attracted to a bed frame and the last one was a father. So these men will be here. Saying oh these hetero man, sorry, we love our gays. They're always good to us more or less not to generalize though. But these men who want their fertile women. Are you kidding me? Come on, come on now spare me next one's hormones. Well, of course, you're attracted to hormonal woman. I wish I wish I would improve my dating life 10 phone. I reckon let's just skip that one. Yeah, I don't get it. I don't get the endocrine system. I don't even think that's It's the right one kindness. Definitely true. I don't I get asked on dates and I'm not kind so Contra personally roulette. No, I mean, what do you define as kindness though? Like I wouldn't Define that. Isaac is it being nice or is it? Yep. I like nice is not enough for me. Like you want to see I don't know. It's not it's like the gestures to people that you wouldn't necessarily have to be kind to I know how to explain this. For example, you're on a date with someone and they're being rude to the way. Yeah, which was not discussed. There's not gonna be a second date. You should be charged for that. So yeah, I get kindness now that makes sense and totally makes sense. We We are attracted to kindness we are into kindness. And attentiveness for hetero women signs of masculinity building a stronger baby. Okay, so I wrote a book by dr. Sarah a hill which I actually highly recommend for women who are on the pillow not on and just want to know but it basically said it's called how the pill changes everything and it's like this woman essentially examined herself in all these different cases for I think like 10 to 20 years. I can't remember it was an extensive period of time when she was on the pill and off the pill and like one of the chapters is is all about how women on hormonal therapy will like judge what they want in a partner. So women in general are predisposed to pick man that they think have the best chance of helping them rear a child because of Lake generations and generations of you know, infant mortality and then like that's passed down and women want to then get a partner that like gives the baby the best chance. Yeah, but the best thing I read in that book is the is it's literally been proven that women. On the pill not all of them. But if you're on the pill and then you go and date someone and you come off it you will think they're stupider than when you were on the pill like you think your partner's Dumber because you're no longer on that hormonal therapy, like apparently it was boyfriend or your girlfriend is not as smart because you no longer on the pill so I'll fact check that. It's yeah, it's but apparently that's a thing don't take the pills that you Don't have unrealistic expectations. I mean you do you with your body. We can't judge that but the pill before yeah the pill before you seal the deal. I don't know what go off it for a week. See how smart you still find them. They may be they may be a dumb bitch. Wow, I know hectic and then the last was facial symmetry, which is yeah. I don't even know what that is. They are. Like I've never looked at someone's face and thought about the symmetry of it. I've looked at my own. I think that that's a subconscious one. Yeah Milling you don't recognize or Anyway, after reading all of those, I none of them have a pit enough for me. Like oh I look at it. It's fashion sense what you look like? And yeah how you act how you carry yourself was just about to say that the way someone walks the confidence that they exude or don't yeah, you're into that but don't ya, okay, what is genuine attraction feel like during the we have similar ways of thinking about it. I mean we just sound like we did but like Like I reckon okay, actually here we go on the count of three you're going to say a celebrity that you think's like the epitome of attractiveness to you. Think about it and then we're going to say at the same time and this is going to be like the biggest. Okay. Ready? 1 2 3 Brock in Phoenix nothing. Determining our personal attractions why Brad Pitt and what era? Okay, 55 year old Brad Pitt always he's smoked orgeous. There's a man who was attracted to fertility had six kids. And then where are you now Brad did he have the six kids? Yeah, he had three and he adopted two and then he took custody of the first one that was adopted in a previous marriage. Don't get me started on this team Ang. Anyway, okay. What I'm gonna say is I think I'm misinterpreting. The question here because I think we both are because we can be attracted to a celebrity but I don't think that that's genuine attraction and here the quite like the question that were asking is what would we describe genuine attraction as and we can't genuinely be attracted to the people that we just mentioned because we've never met them before so I feel like the feeling I used to have a framed photo of Joaquin Phoenix next month. Yeah. I met him I have dreams. I definitely have met him like what I mean. That is if it's someone that you know, we've actually met in real life and spend time or than gotten to know the way I described that kind of Attraction is almost like a whole body experience like, you know, how you get the butterflies when you're around someone that you're really attracted to I instantly or gradually attracted to someone I have experienced both which one will frequently more frequently probably after I've gotten to know someone okay. But there has been one occasion where I saw someone and it was just like an instant. Wow. Yeah only ever instant healing I never hated feelings never develop. I don't have the range if I don't like you now, I'm never going to like you but I mean from like across the room haven't even said a single word. Yeah, really? Yep, but like body feels you've seen me know when we're in Cyprus. What was that? Every time I looked at one person and then I went For one person every single did you get like buddy feels hundred percent say I never get nervous on this. I really really care or if I'm gonna come on Elena. I'm constantly nervous. This is why this is interesting. I love the word so different about this. Yeah. No, I'm yeah, I'm pretty primitive in that so stupid. How how does it actually feel when you're attracted to someone like what are the feelings emotional and physical? Oh, okay. Emotionally draining really know emotionally probably like just hyper aware like you're aware there in the room or like you're aware of the like the how equi distant they are to you and maybe like constantly like my I reckon I would know how many millimeters someone like I have far away. Someone is from you intended to looking at you looking at me like what their body language is saying what mine is saying? And mentally I think of 13 things I could say to them before I open my mouth because it's the only time I think before my I speak and then I never end up talking to them. I just make I like I'm very much a eye contact person unless I'm there and I'm really cheerleader. I'm like score like gotten worse. It's gonna happen are God my own rejection. Yeah, so I section what about that? It's healthy. I'm visceral stero. Okay, I haven't been Charged for leering yet, but I you know sure the states building a case. Pretty been to court once today. Why are you sure? Yes, I stare I say nothing and then I'm hyper aware and miserable. That's how I well that's what attraction feels like to me. Do you ever get like the shaky voice and like the body feels like what like I don't know how I can write it like no. No, I don't suffer from seizures. So no I haven't in a very long time but I've Your hands that and it's crazy. It's just like you see their name on like your phone screen when you get a text and it's like whoa, God. Help. Why how do you show us? Are you drinking water now? We'll wait. Sorry, hon. I know it's been waiting to come out. How do I show how do I show it? Hmmm? Yeah, I think how I show it is different to how I experience the feeling. Well, how do you experience a similar to you? Like stare? Say not dare think about it. I'd probably say something if they don't say something to me if I'm attracted to them like clearing throat very rarely, but I have and it's always been an incredible outcome. Really? That's awesome. Yeah. I think I've never been rejected when I've been on two parts. What do you never been rejected or what? I've been the one to approach which I think is really cool. I know I know what women should do it I a hundred percent agree with that. I think I have not really noticeably. I'll tell you what the best time the best time I've ever been like I've ever had someone approached me and this was honestly so this was this is this is Manifest station. So I was at on the Royal tour for Prince Harry and me and Markel. Oh, of course. Yes. I was I was there front and center three hours early as a media participant. What do they call us media person personnel. And then I was reading a book The One advice. I give them this podcast and this redheaded man approaches me and I was like, oh hello. He's like, what are you reading? The Bible? And I was like, oh, okay sarcasm and insult. I was like, no I'm reading a book. That's not the Bible and then he asked me for my number and we dated for three. Great, that's cool. I totally totally immersed myself in that like Prince Harry Meghan wall because he was a redhead and I had dark hair at the time and I have dark hair again. I got medicine which I know that is that's drawing parallels. And who knows maybe we'll have a baby and moved to Canada anytime now when I get on we're not talking about that because I have a lot to say about the Royals and we can have to create another podcast for me to get through not to mention you talking about moving to Canada for someone so quickly breathe Hassan. Oh my God. the nine signs that your hangry for love I yes take us through them. I'm just checking my work emails. So let's go with number one you settle immediately. So if everyone is good enough for you then clearly, you have no standards. And yes, this includes the people who interrupt you, maybe the men who wear shorts to your first day. Oh my God one who don't shower. I don't know people who can't hold a conversation. I actually don't understand any of those four things. I actually don't. Okay first and for okay people who interrupts you they just dickheads all like why I mean, I interrupt people the time you've got to be understanding and bedrooms flaws. Anyway, the ones who wish the men who wear shorts to a first date of the men that will try to kill you. I'm telling you right now is the single biggest war crime on the planet. I actually cannot express how much like male kneecaps. Disgust me. I think they are a war crime. I think they should never see the light of day unless you're like married. No God, you know, I was gonna say unless you're swimming to save someone's life like wear a wetsuit. I actually I can't this makes me so angry and the amount of times I've been on a date and they wear shorts and they wear shorts when the weather is an appropriate. They wear shorts when the venue is inappropriate. Why would you wear shorts when it's cold when you're in a nice restaurant? I like please. Playing it to me. Like I'm an idiot. Why are you showing your disgusting kneecaps when you're on a date? What possesses you what actually I would love to know. I've I actually can't it's so to describe. What do you think of men and showed sternly don't throw me under the bus here. I think that you've articulated my feelings very clearly unless it's a beach day. Then I'll allow it if we're going swimming. I'll allow it. That's it. I'll save but I'll allow it. I wouldn't go to the beach on a first date. I refuse to see your kneecaps until you have my first child. One of my best First Dates was on the beach and you saw his knees. I did know he was I did he was wearing shorts. I was gonna say if he was wearing my clothes shorts. I would feel even sicker and pants act like you're the Greek island. I just there's so many options tailored pants. Anyway, let's get that I can back onto. All day. Yeah second sign that you're hungry for love. You constantly check your online dating profile. What does that mean? It means that if you're on Tinder or Bumble or something, you're constantly like checking to see who you can match with and you know, you have a problem when you run out of options. It actually happened. Oh, yeah. Yeah, what about people is there so, I don't know much about dating apps, but is there a function where you there? Is the function where you can buy more like swipes can't you there's that what was that thing? I don't know how you I've never paid on a dating app. Okay. Yeah. Well, we need to find someone who by likes know you yeah, because apparently like what is it hinge where you can only have like 15 a day or 10 and then you keep liking watch this space we're going to do we're going to Deep dive into getting abs. Yep, and we're excited. I'm going A profile. Oh, no, it won't last. I'll freak out freak out like I did in Brisbane when you got one for five minutes. It was so fun for my God stress has me you have no concept of proper communication etiquette. Oh my God, so that's when you can, you know become the obsessive texture or start calling someone and chasing them with order. They knew absolutely nothing. Don't be that person. No one likes that person. Might have you ever had one of those situations where you've texted someone obsessively all I called them a million times. No I have once but it was to apologize to someone and they kept climbing Michael. I think I called the like 22 times. But like I guess I guess this also sort of captures the long long long extensive sa text. Yeah not no one wants to get those. No one wants. No one no one reads them. You know, no one needs I totally would read it by dad just complain about how excessive it is. Now. I never read them if they are over like two fingers worth of bubble space on a screen. I will skim the whole thing. Like that's I'm sorry. I read books or I read like single sentences. I refuse to read a believe those messages. There were like the bubble fills up. So a new one Stars. Yep. I have never read them. Never read them. Just call and tell me what your problem. Problem is I know I literally take me out to coffee. Like I'll take me on a date and pay and I'll hate receiving a text like that more than having to sit through 20 minutes of coffee of you like apologizing or yeah, I got do you define how do you define Obsessive text of though because you like the texture? I don't I don't like texting actually, I like I like receiving a daily text but I Hate the meaningless like back and forth. Like if I'm seeing someone or chatting to someone that I like and I get you know to text in a day and one of them's like, hey just like thinking about you. Oh my selling Basra honest. I know I'm sorry. I'm not judging that kind of thing. I like but obsessive texting. Oh no hideous. I consider obsessive texting to be you know, I've sent you a text. You haven't replied. It's been 15 minutes. I'm going to double text you. Oh you haven't replied. I'm going to call you and see what you're up to ridiculous. Yeah, just not giving anyone any space not that's not on awful. Don't text me more than once a week. Unless you need me even then. Okay, next one. You discuss taking them to meet your parents. Okay. This is a big one light-year talk about this one because I already know how I feel about this. Okay controversial opinion here, but I'm really really close with my parents and I live at home. Oh, and I'm not oh no, but I feel like I tell my parents everything like it's not a big deal for me to tell them that I'm going on a date with someone or that I've met someone that I really like. Yeah and like I introduce people to my parents pretty early on the reason why I like doing that. How are we on very early on not speak on it aren't your truth like maybe on the second or third day? date if they're picking me up from home, it is super early on having said that it's not it I don't consider it to be a big deal because it's such a normal part of my life and I like getting their opinion on the person before I get emotionally invested as I feel like they're the best judge of character and then know me better than anyone so they don't like them and that's it chop chop chop, but don't chopped up to okay, but the robbery that went I say that shut up, but the reverse of that is like if I was seeing someone and they wanted me to meet their parents then I would freak out like to me that's crazy. Like I would have they'd like you and they tell their friends and I'd expect them to tell me that yeah, but like I've do you tell you I've never met the parents of an ex of mine. Really? Yeah, and it might have been circumstantial because no one's parents lived in Sydney. Okay? Yes, and um, But like for me that's a really big deal. Like I'm I'm very scared very excited of the first parents that I made ya look. I think it's way too much. My ideal relationship setting would be that my parents just don't know and their parents don't know until it's until it's like I don't know a couple of months down the track, but at that being said, I have met someone's mum on the first date within the first two hours and it was fine. It was actually really like to see I feel like if it's if you don't make a big deal Of it and it's just like all like I'll give an example one of my exes who met my parents on the second date. He lived he lived in the East I lived on the North Shore. So it's like 40 minute drive away and we'd spend one week end up on the East and another weekend where I live. So when we spent the second date where I live we got lunch or brunch. I can't remember and then we went to mine. Hmm and my parents weren't meant to be home, but they ended up coming home early. So there met him and it was very like casual. It wasn't a big deal. It wasn't like a hey I really want you to meet my parents because I really like you I think that's when it's weird a red flag big red yag. It's just it's it can be hectic but it can also not actually now you convinced me. Now that being said, I'm not interesting anyone to my mother till I get married because she is so mean Now she's beautiful, but she's so judgy. That's one of the things I know she's hysterical. She be like they're not good and I could literally bring home like Barack Obama and she be like, he's not good at all. I'm laughing because it's true. Are you sure? Okay. You purposefully leave an article of clothing at their house what mhm, for example I left my favorite Braun potty combo at your apartment. Do you mind if I swing by and then we can go to the movies or go out to dinner or spend the rest of our lives together. You've got to be keeping it was the most pathetic thing I've ever heard in my life. I don't know anyone that's done that and I'm very happy to admit that. I would hate to know anyone that's done that and if you have and you're in my life, don't tell me. I will cut you out and don't do it again. Don't do it. What? Ah, I mean, this is almost as bad as the shorts thing. Like the only person I leave clothes are would be your place. Oh, no, I take your clothes. I come here and an outfit. I regret and then I change into your Club. It's just it's so desperate so desperate. Ah, I'm not even like remotely sorry if that offends anyone because that just astounds me like it's also really conniving and weird. Like if you're the kind of person that will do that and plot to then retrieve those items. You're basically a Gone Girl. You're psycho. Yeah a little bit. Maybe I'm not the kind of person that would kill you. That's actually very true. I think so. Okay, you stalk him her on social media them were inclusive. Then you solve them. Thank you. You stalk them on social media. Yeah, I get that. Is it desperate? Um, it depends how much you're stalking them? No, I look I'll do a background check on someone and they should not take it as any form of compliment or sort of Attraction. I like to know maybe that's a daily thing like stalking to know. Exactly where they are and who they're with and what they're doing on up obsessive. That's that's just figuring out where I can like leave my clothes to come pick them up. What's your favorite Cafe? I'll be there every day. Oh God. No, you know what? I mean? Okay, you talked about marriage after or during your first date, who does that? I've done that definitely as a joke. Yeah. I want to be said as a joke, but it was also know it was also so I was out and we were getting food. Food and this place was closing and I was like, oh my God. No, but we've just gotten engaged like you got quiet that's just are cool. And I know and that doesn't count. That's not desperate. I mean you were desperate for food. I was desperate for yeah, it was desperate desperate for a very different type of Love The Culinary kind. Do you know anyone who's done that? No. Hmm. I hope not. Oh, I do who missed talking about marriage like straight. Sorry, we can't say names. Oh my God. No not gonna send us like who but I have a friend a male friend who is lovely and great company, but when he is single oh God, but he's also very very very desperate when he's single and as soon as he gets into a relationship because he can't function on his own as soon as he gets into a relationship. It's a very intense one. Hmm and he's lost relationship. I'm never going to forget catching up with him and straight off the bat. He was like, yeah. This is my dream girl. She's perfect. We've already spoken about like our Dream destination wedding. I'm just like you don't even know her that. Well, what are you doing? What are you doing? I mean, I mean I've done that. I feel like that's an immaturity thing though. I'll but this like this is this is like consecutive behavior and to another level like And like then he'll break up and it's just like oh, whatever next all the red flags that we've spoken about Jesus Christ. Honestly just These are the people that don't have hobbies honestly, like if you're planning a wedding, you need a second income stream God. It's okay. And then the last two signs that you're hungry for love. Are you allow them to treat you like shit? Yeah, just because someone's convenient does not mean that you should tolerate bad behavior or any form of abuse preach and we should start every episode with that because that's the single most important. Only thing to living a happy life happy life with a partner. You don't tolerate the whether it's a friend or a partner. Don't talk no chance in hell no way. And then our final one is you can fuse intimacy with Love by vibrator. Thank you vibrator by 10. Yeah. I also keep going on honestly treat yourself. And you know, what, if you don't you like you may think that they're the best sex of your life, but until you've had that experience, let me tell you you don't know what an orgasm. Kasim is moving on. All right, so some up to me your type physically in three features. There is no way I'm telling the internet. What - okay. Well, okay. So anyway, whatever it is will sue my I reckon this is a great opportunity because men will listen to this or women or whatever and be like, okay, I'm her time as well slide into the DMS, but why don't you tell us your type? That's a very good question. Actually. No, this is why I'm bringing this up because I sir I have a thought like why am I attracted to someone who's not my type A friend of mine texted me this morning. She was like, oh my God, this is guy at work and he is not my type. But like I I just I have to go there and I was like you have to go there. What is he look like for contacts? She always goes for like the preppy kind of, you know, clean-cut type and I was like, what's he look like and she's like actually he's your time and I was like how looser is pans and she's like extremely and I was like, Go there go there because you will never go back because I used to have a type that is in no way like reminiscent of what I currently go for now at all, which I'm not going to specify so you can fill in the blanks, but I was reading all these like I Googled it and then I was like reading all these lists because they're kind of like, oh my God, like this person wasn't my type, but I dated them because they're amazing like their shit. Of course, you're gonna go for someone who's smart or you know lovely too. You respect your family like shares all you same values. Like that's such a dumb fucking reason to be like, oh my God, but they weren't my type. I dated them obviously. Anyway, stupid bitch articles aside. I read this study goddamn conducted by the University of Western Ontario, which is where I'll be moving to with my future husband when we have our baby in Canada, but they said basically you won't end up marrying your type and there are two reasons. So there's like this idea of Revisionist history that occurs so people will start dating someone they like and then their preferences change and alter to meet the person that they're with. So whether your type physically or like emotionally is one thing so you meet someone who really I don't know like what do I hate? I hate rugby with my burning passion. Like I would rather drink Bleach then watch that sport then I dated someone who loved it and I watched all the time. Oh, what's all the time even in the names of maybe actually nice or known any of the names of the players? I know. I think I know the names of like two teams couldn't tell you if they legal Union with a genre of music literally ride. It happens genres of music that I never thought I would like and then I'm freaking traveled the world to see these DJ's hundred percent it you just like you mold and people always say like, oh you start to dress like your body's small hotel like the hey that hectic and it's so true in this study like goes through example after example, and then the other was which I think is also like a really good Testament to a successful relationship, but the practicality of Of your situation takes over. So it's like your financial needs will change like the kind of person you go to go for your work hours. So like if you were I don't know. What's a professional like my profession if you're a journalist that like Works Around the Clock you wouldn't date someone who like, I don't know. What is a Backpacker lives. Yeah has all the freedom. It has all the free time in the world and like all those preferences that will change throughout your life blah blah blah blah blah. Yep, which is interesting because I start introspecting as I do. I started spiraling. I was like my type has changed so significantly to what I always thought it would be in high school and I feel like same a lot of that though is social pressures of like the environment that you're in as well because in high school, I don't know if this was the same we should also probably tell our listeners. You didn't grow up strong. Yeah. I did not grow up in Australia already hence the accent. I grew up in Cyprus. I moved to Australia when I was 17 and then I lived in Amsterdam for a little bit. Mmm. And yeah, well, I lived other places but like I've specified Switzerland and NYC baby and Melbourne love Melbourne. Love them in there so much kidding, but I think that's really true. And another topic that I definitely want us to visit on a separate episode is why why I type changes We're traveling for not even prolonged periods of time because I find that some of the best romances that I've had have been overseas whether it's when I was living short-term overseas. Yeah or whether it was when I was you know, traveling for a couple of days on an island. I think that you're just so much more open-minded there and all those social pressures that you mentioned are, you know completely removed. Yeah. What do you think High School? Like what was high school types like inside? Oprah's all like super different like there's no the notorious sport over there is soccer. Oh my God. Hi. I was never into soccer than the school that I went to every it was very very competitive school. Like you had to go through entrance exams to get in and you'd either be really really good at science or maths. So people were very very intelligent. So that was a good drive. Yeah, oh my God, say that sounds so much more interesting because the type here was like, oh my God if you date a rugby boy. I mean we grow we grow and we learn we grow anyway, we have been dragging this on. So, how can we tell someone whether they like, how can you tell whether someone's actually hot or you're just desperate first and foremost as like suss out what you're doing in the week if you have a lot of spare time. Then you're overanalyzing and that's probably why you think you've got feelings when maybe you don't you probably could just bored all your board. Oh my God, it just comes down to that. But you know what, if you are bored and you want to spend time getting to know someone like by all me. I'm happy to waste my time. Yeah always just make the disparity in your bike just be away from this deal where yet? Okay. So now that we've decided we're all hopelessly desperate and hard and boy Bored, let's think of ways we can waste our time and why would they just so if you think you have a type hmm, you're probably wrong do a little bit of an experiment and try and date the opposite of your time. Oh my God best thing you'll ever do chili govind along with the lines of what the study that we spoke about did. Yeah literally and you're not going to end up marrying your type. So why are you still dating that? Why are you wasting your time now waste your time with someone that you don't think is your type and that like you think you're you don't. Hot you but you think you're desperate and then turns out you won't be desperate. This is oh my God, it's reverse psychology coming into action. This is exactly what you have to do. We've solved the Rubik's Cube. Let's shut this is love. This is how people find your welcome go traveling have fun remove the social pressures. Stop being logical with your dating life. Yes, although and nobody got time for Darin not be completely illogical. Yeah, we have a little sense of pragmatism and we'll get into that when we get In two are dating series, which we've got to get to God I could start dating again. What are you ever going to date someone? Who's not your would you take my type? You know what hmm maybe but only if you weren't into them because I love about our friendship is that we have very different types. I know are you gonna have to see what your type is on this podcast why the people need to know you have a gonna say what you're not a hundred percent. I'm ready to send this podcast out into like Sighs I know where they all are. Oh God. Would you take my type? You have dated? I have dated John type and the single best thing I ever did in my life was to stop turning go time. I think I'm gonna stop dating my type. I think I'm done. Yeah clocking out on that remember to follow us on Instagram because that's the only social platform we exist on at officially unofficial dot pod. Thank you very much for tuning in. Yeah. Oh, yeah, leave a review if you want. Thank you Dale. We have to get Dale on this podcast. Let us know if you want to hear what Dale's voice actually actually Dale come here right now come here and talk into the microphone. The people need to know he's bending down. Hello everybody. Well that what do you look at that? Yeah, please do leave us a review because even if it takes like 10 seconds of your time, it means a lot to us and I'm sure these guys would really appreciate it Dale. What's your My type, I'm not gonna come in for a cameo and just like expose myself and not have any like background any opportunity to like defend myself a condo context. I don't have a type of all her that all right. I'm done. I'm done with these disappointments who won't tell you their time. My type is tall drag me for that. I don't care loose pants altruistic. Stig good to their mothers and women in general, especially the ones that they have in just sexualized preet. And yeah, that's pretty much it. That's not it. That's not it vegetarian. Let me get out my scroll next episode. Goodbye.