Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a funeral in the movie City Hall in the mid-1990s. And in that scene Pacino hit on fighting back and not going down a certain way and it got me to thinking If I refuse for the college basketball fan to not have the best coverage on stop moving forward throughout the month of March and we're going to give it to you from Soup To Nuts. Another thing out Pacino said he chooses to fight back and we choose to fight back because we're not talking about kickball right now. We are talking about the greatest thing that we have in sports the NCAA tournament and on this show. I am determined to bring you. Coverage nuggets and all sorts of exclusives that you cannot get anywhere else and the great thing about the NCAA tournament the great thing about college basketball. No one player. No one figure is above the sport and that goes back to Al Pacino said as well. You cannot get where you hope to get in life if there are kings and queens and dukes and Earls and if that is the case then we are just sheep being herded. To the final slaughterhouse. The NCAA tournament is the greatest thing we have in sports and whether you like it or you don't like it. It's the best thing going today. What do we need to know leading up to the field? 268 that will be released on selection Sunday. Let's check the menu. But before that remember this this is marsh. Here's what we got coming up on today's menu. We're going to our coaches call with Arizona State head coach. Bobby Hurley will also chat with Creighton Sharpshooter Mitch balak n check in with Meramec head coach Joey Gallo as part of our hustle Mania hotline and also give you some late-night snacks and Nuggets. You can't get anywhere else in college basketball now, let's hit some of the headlines in the New York Minute. All right, look right now at some of the big stories in college basketball, obviously at the Forefront of things leading up to selection Sunday the for projected number one overall seeds for the 2020 NCAA tournament, Kansas, Baylor Gonzaga and San Diego State don't look likely to change between now and selection Sunday. The one team that could potentially fall off. The one line would be San Diego State not obviously hinges on whether or not the Aztecs lose and this week's Mountain West Conference tournament in Las Vegas. Now the team that could usurp the Aztecs on the one line. If San Diego State did indeed lose this week is Dayton the Flyers only of two losses and have ripped through the Atlantic 10 like a chainsaw through butter, but it's also important to point out that Dayton has only one win against the team. That's a lock right now to be in the field of 68. That was a victory over st. Mary's on a neutral Court earlier in the season the Atlantic 10 right now inside of two weeks away from selection Sunday. It only has one team and that's datin as a lock to be in the field of 68. The NCAA tournament is always a canvas Where Stars can paint and paint in a major way coming from nowhere and becoming National names and the guy I think that's primed to be a massive star during the month of March is BYU's. Yo Lee Childs, and I know that the college basketball fan knows about child's, especially after what BYU did a couple of weeks ago to Gonzaga in there one in Provo, but in his last Three games child is averaging just over 29 Points in just under 12 rebounds. This is a guy who America could fall in love with during the month of March in the NCAA tournament. All right about you I'm ready for a little bit of a nosh right now. All these basketball talks all this stuff about the NCAA tournament has me excited for a little bit of lunch. Let's call up the dyno with get some stuff in. Hey, how you doing? I like to place an order for delivery. Just the the stuff Studio. I'll take some chicken fingers some fries and that's salmon salad. I like so much that you made a couple of weeks ago. All right, Carlos in about 20 to 30. Thanks, man. Always good to know that food is on the way also good to know that we've got you covered here at stuff than with the NCAA tournament looming. Here's some stuff to help you stay sharp with our friends at points. Been some out-of-state sharp presented by points bed, and don't forget when you sign up to use the promo code stuffed. March is here college basketball is heating up with the big turning around the corner. It's the perfect time to start betting with points bet sports book. They've got the fastest sports betting up in the world and have some promos that will blow your mind for the tournament listeners in New Jersey and Iowa can download the points pet app and sign up with the code stuffed. If you deposit ten dollars, you'll get a hundred dollars in bonus bets and if you're an Indiana point spread is coming to your state right before the tournament, so don't miss out now let's take a look at some of the most efficient offenses in the 2020 college basketball season. 4/4 is Iowa out of the Big Ten. They've been Sensational with Luka Garza anchoring things in the paint. Meanwhile also in fourth place is Creighton who we have hit on in this show throughout the last couple of weeks Greg McDermott, one of the great offensive Minds in the sports Creighton appointment television tied with Iowa for fourth in third place. We have LSU coach by the American Gangster himself will weigh at LSU at times may look like it's signs of non-compete on the defensive end of the floor, but the tigers are as good as almost. Buddy offensively in college basketball in the three spot also tied we have BYU led by the triumvirate of Yoli child's Jake to listen and TJ Haws. Again. This is a second weekend type team in the NCAA tournament. Now in second position, you have the Dayton Flyers who have been Sensational this year playing around OB top and a bona fide first team All American and National Player of the Year candidate and in first position the Gonzaga Bulldogs, one of the more potent offenses that we And quite some time scoring from all angles big men who can shoot guards who can post up Mark fuse team has everything in a reminder. When you sign up with the promo code for points bet you stuff time now for our coaches call and we're going to bring in a coach of one of the hottest teams in college basketball, even though he didn't get the results you wanted last week in Southern California the head man for the Arizona State Sun Devils is Bobby Hurley. And Bob before we get to basketball. I know from a very good source that Bobby Hurley does not believe in eating on game days. Has that held up this season. Do ya John did you eat on game days or do you mean III 365 days a year? You know that better than anybody. All right. Yeah, so it's just a part of my rituals, you know my routines. I have half a million of these things that I do on game days and leading into game. So yeah, I don't I do not eat. I think that it makes my brain work better. I'm not weighted down by food or fatigued by having a big meal and I could concentrate on Coach. All right, what are your other game day routines if not eating is one. I mean, I'll go out before the game about one hour before to watch warm-ups not a lot of head coaches go out on the court prior to the game. I then have a very strict routine of shaving and getting changed because I shaved for this interview, but usually I would not shave between our game on Saturday until until Thursday because we play Thursday this week and it kind of builds my you know, just my mental mindset, you know, the guys look at me with the rugged beard look and and Know that I'm ready for battle. Did you go at the rugged beard? Look before you lost yourself in the wilderness and the beauty of the desert that exists when you coach in, Tempe, Arizona? Well that was thousand interesting, you know lead in there all those all those beautiful words and cheesy. I think you've been listening to Bill Walton funny. Now another thing I've heard about you is that you have really lost yourself in the Peloton. That is a big source of exercise for Bobby Hurley. How much is it imperative to do things like that? When you're tied down with the stress of being a head coach in the Pac-12? Yeah, I think you need you need your body and your mind the people working together and be on the same page and you know me getting to work out as is Paramount. You know, I have I have had some issues with my knees. I was a runner. I love to run outside that you know it with the beautiful scenery out here and Arizona, but that's kind of been taken away from me. But the Peloton has has been a real a real plus is a lot of different style of rides that you can have and it gets you get a great workout in John. All right, Bob. Let's get the basketball, right? Now, you know we have seen Arizona State play in each of the last two NCAA tournament. And you're on track to play in the third straight NCAA tournament in a couple of weeks this to me looks like the best team you've had at Arizona State. I know you didn't get the results you wanted last week at UCLA and USC. But what is the biggest reason why this team could Advance farther in the NCAA tournament than the last two you coached? I think my first tournament team we might have Peak too early and we were just trying to hold on. I think last year's team had some minor flaws. I think particularly with our three-point shooting we managed to fix that to some degree with with Alonzo Virgin Remy Martin Rob Edwards, you know making shots for us so that that's kind of changed some things and I just like the resilience and the grid our team has shown from you know, I think we were 12 and 8 and running seven. Paid off and and two of those two of our last three losses came at the buzzer. So we've been really, you know, really good in close games. Well, you know about guard play a better than anybody because you were a great point guard at Duke when he won back-to-back national championships, but you touched on Remy Martin and for the people that have watched Remy Martin and the last couple weeks, you're starting to see a player that could emerge as a national name during the NCAA tournament what has allowed him to make the jump this season that he's made. He's just he works on his game relentlessly this offseason. He was getting up at like 4:00 a.m. And he was in the weight room and he put on some some good weight and he's just he's naturally progress worked on his game as decision making has improved dramatically. It's just amazing just talked to coaches, you know leading into games while Remy more and you know, I'm hearing more coaches acknowledged just how good he is and the type of season he's half of well Remy Martin is Leslie, you know one of the top two or three players in the Pac-12 but his running mate now Rob Edwards has emerged in the last two weeks is a big-time shot maker. He's 16 of 33 from three over his last four games. What changes for Arizona State when Rob Edward shoots the ball the way he has of late. I think it opens things up for Remy Martin in for Alonzo Verge to penetrate and it is just another weapon out there even as it gives more space for a guy like romelo white to operate inside and he's romelo doesn't get the credit that some of these other guys are getting but he's nearly averaging a double-double and he's very consistent and but but Rob is, you know, he went through some struggles early the year. I'm just proud of how he's responded and how he's finishing his career here in Arizona State, you know, Bob you Dealt with something the last two years that no coach should ever have to deal with during the month of March and that's being on the bubble as excited as you are to play in the NCAA tournament and have a chance to advance and went a couple of rounds how much more exciting is that that right now, you're not projected to sit through championship week up to selection Sunday as a team on the bubble. Yeah. I don't I don't take anything for granted John. This is another big week, you know, and it's nice that we're so close and There are a few scenarios out there that if we did run the table this week that we would have a chance to get a share to Pac-12 Championship. So that's still what's on my mind and then there are more important things in terms of seating, you know, getting a getting in the top four in our conference would get us a seed and a bye in the first round of Pac-12 tournament, you know, Baba one thing I've always admired about you is that you have been and you were the best point guard in the history of college basketball and that's something that you never talked about, but I'm curious if you could turn Back the clock. Why would Bobby Hurley the player want to play for Bobby Hurley the head coach? I would say most likely, you know, you want to play for someone that has great passion for what they do that that instills confidence in his team that coaches would fire that fights for his team that you know, I think puts together a plan to allow guys to Showcase their talent to I'm not a type of Coach that's going to hold our players back if there's anything I might give too much freedom to our guys, but you know, I trust them. Put the work in we practice hard and then and then we you know, we have a good style. I think we have an exciting style where we're top 30 in the country and paste the place and we like to get up and down the floor. We you know, we play hard we defend we create turnovers and we try and get the open court. So I think that's really attractive for our players to play in that style. All right final thing. As you know food is a big part of my life. It's also a big part of this show. I know you don't eat during the season but of Bobby Hurley, To have one meal. What would it be? Where would it be? All right, I so I can't say for certain like and and know how it is today currently, but if you get a a podgy of Fino at Legos in Jersey City that it'll change your life it was you know, it's like a vodka sauce with lobster and shrimp and it's unbelievable Louis lacko was wondering one of the legends of Jersey City and just a terrific man, you know, John when I played high school basketball at st. Anthony we had to we had to Raise $500 each kid in our ad book. So we had to walk the neighbors scour the neighborhoods to go and ask businesses for to take an ad for Saint Anthony high school. So I had to get my quota of 500 or I wasn't going to play in these tournaments and Louis lacko was always a guy that took that ad for me before Bobby Hurley became Bobby Hurley and I used to go back there and spend a lot of time talking with Louis Lake O Sole Coast, New Jersey City's big tire. Well, Bobby Hurley through one of the most famous to see In the history of college basketball in the 1991 national championship game the Grant Hill this one might have been equally as important because I know now where I'm going for lunch, Bobby Hurley the head coach of Arizona State. Thanks for joining us here on our coaches call on stuffed. Great being with you John. Time now for our social media portion of the show where you send me your questions here on Twitter and I respond to them with my answers. It's called Don't at me bro, but you are adding at me by sending them to me. Anyway, let's get at it. First question comes from Jay macri 7 to 8, and it's John how many teams get in from the Big East igot7? I agree with you. I think with what Ed Cooley has done over the last couple weeks Providence is right now in firm position to make the NCAA tournament. Amazing considering that the Friars early in the year lost to pain Charleston and Long Beach State. Our next question comes from Kyle Bolin is John. What is Frank Martin? The Gamecocks have to do to be in the big dance. Well in a short answer Kyle wind down the stretch and then do damage in the SEC tournament and one big thing to keep in mind when the NCAA tournament selection committee evaluates an at-large team for the NCAA tournament and they look at your whole body of work South Carolina lost home games early in the season of Ian and Boston University those losses don't go away. Our next question comes from Louis acklin's John is IO de Su Moon all-big ten first teamer at this point. What's he done? Since that knee injury is incredible. This is Marsh Louis. We thank you for this is March shout out because this is March to me. I would assume who is clearly an all Big Ten first team player, but I want to make a statement about that. So many times this time of year. You will see different conferences put more than one player on All Conference teams. What is the point of that? This isn't kick? where everybody gets a medal five players on an all-conference team won player of the year that simple John Ross seen here with his Rothstein reaction that another phenomenal college basketball game from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at the Wells Fargo Center where the Fortune 500 company Villanova basketball Wildcats took on it coolly in the Providence fryers. The one pipkins the transfer who was supposed to make all the changes. Finally. He stepped up making Jared Bynum. I think of the future this is still only February. Well, we appreciate the authenticity of that message. Obviously. This is now March that was taken in February. But Luan pipkins is a great mention right there because the graduates from UMass has been huge for Providence over the last couple weeks a big reason why the Friars are now in the NCAA tournament picture next question comes from Nico delft rottens John went the way with the things Clemson has done this year in the way. They're currently playing. Is it crazy to think that they could possibly have be a bit stealer in the ACC tournament Clemson has done a great job this year broke the streak at North Carolina winning a game there, but you have to remember as well the winds that Clemson had against Florida State against Louisville against Duke all came at home at Little. John Clemson will not play the ACC tournament at home. I think it's highly unlikely to Clemson steals a bit at the ACC tournament. Our next real question comes from Scott. TBT accountants. John are the 12 seed still the most dangerous set of teams. Come March could some a 10 team slide in as a 13 or 14 seeds and make a run. Good point here by Scott because last year St. Louis got the automatic. A qualifier out of the Atlantic 10 got a double-digit seed in the NCAA tournament and wound up as a double-digit seed they lost to Virginia Tech Virginia Tech Team under Buzz Williams of went to the Sweet 16 to me st. Louis after watching them. When it Rhode Island on Sunday is a team that again has a chance to be a bit steel if got great size up front and to grizzled college players in Jordan Goodwin and a saint French that have been through the battles played in the NCAA tournament last year. Not a A shooting team, but St. Louis to me is a potential bid Steeler again at the Atlantic 10 tournament. Next question comes from Timbo Manziel and John can Payton pressured single-handedly bring organ of the final four. Also Pauline's Deli at LaSalle University best breakfast in the game. We appreciate the breakfast recommendation. Peyton Pritchard has I think as good of a chance as any guard in this 2020 NCAA tournament to do what Kemba Walker did in 2011 to do what Shabazz Napier did in 2014 at UConn. I will say this though frontcourt scoring remains an issue. You for Oregon. It's been an issue all season long. The ducks have moved around pieces up front like a game of musical chairs, Oregon to me. I wouldn't be surprised if they make the second weekend. If it get to an elite eight, I would be surprised considering how the season has gone and Eugene who launched spectacular. There we go. Well the smell of fresh chicken tenders a nice A little salmon. Will Chicken Little salmon can't be dead now. Let's check in for die. I'm time Creighton Sharpshooter Mitch balik. Alright, we're now welcomed by one of the top shooters in college basketball sharp shooter for the Creighton Bluejays Mitch Ballack, but Mitch before we get to basketball, you are a native of Kansas City and you recently saw the Kansas City Chiefs win the Super Bowl. What was that like for a kid from Casey? I was unbelievable obviously with I mean 50 years 50 years running and having we have been there. We have 1 1 so we went to the AFC Championship Game my teammates and I actually coach Mack let us take the trip down there. So we went to the AFC Championship game and it was probably one of the craziest sporting events I've ever attended it was unbelievable. Well, if you're a fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, you're obviously a fan of Patrick Mahomes, but my well embedded moles. Tell me that Mitch ballet has got a pretty big Rolodex. I hear you're pretty. With Steph Curry. What is the Mitch balik Steph Curry relationship like Honestly, I haven't talked to Stephen and a few years when I was coming up in high school. We had a good relationship. He would kind of pick his brain and text him just about anything. He'd say he gave me his number if you need anything. Let me know and then I remember I was in Oklahoma City when he played the Thunder and he left me my friends and I some tickets and then he came to Kansas City for exhibition game and he left my family some tickets and hung around for 45 minutes after the game. Just talking to us and just kind of talking about whatever. And I mean I text him about his family when he had his I think is a second kid and he's just really open really outgoing dude. But since I mean I haven't talked to her. I haven't talked to him in a couple years now, so it's kind of leaving be and let him win let him do what he do what he does. But you're obviously an aspiring basketball player. You're a star in the Big East you're a double-digit score for a team that has a chance to go far in the NCAA tournament. What's the biggest thing you learn from being around Steph Curry that you've implemented into your own? Tiles you aspire to continue to get better at basketball. Just the level of preparation everybody sees what he does off the court and on the court, I mean everybody season shooting 30 photos and I mean his skill sets just on a whole nother level especially for his size. He's not very he's not very physically gifted. I mean average he is but not not in the NBA. So when you see the preparation and everything he puts into the game, especially in the film room. I didn't realize he watched that much film. He understands how to get to a spa. Pots and what works on the defensive end and on the offensive end and then he just keeps elevating his game with his trainer. So it's really cool just to see his everyday approach to everyday life whether it's whether it's coming to breakfast being on time to the gym getting your work in and just watching all those things. It was really cool just to see how a pro and a guy at that level. Obviously one of the one of the best cards in the game just to see how he takes his approach to everyday life was just off the charts and I learned a lot from that one part of any successful athlete. Anybody in life is people who can move forward to the next task after not performing their best your team did not play its best on Sunday in a loss against st. John's. What was the dialogue like in Creighton's locker room after that defeat after the game. I mean games like that happen. You try to avoid them but coach Mack said something to begin the year. He's like a third of the games. You play really? Well a third of the games you you don't play your best, but you got to figure out to win and then a 30-year games you You you have games like st. John's but as long as you can figure out ways other ways when shots aren't falling and stuff like that to impact the game and win the game when we try to do that. Obviously st. John's was a tough one and we fell but the dialogue in the locker room was like it doesn't kill us, you know, like in perspective. Obviously we wanted to win the game. We wanted to be in the driver's seat the Big East but we're still in a good position right now going forward into postseason play. Hopefully we can finish these two games off the way we want and kind of just a just a head up mentality like on to the next one loan for And just take things from it. Don't don't completely push it under the rug but learn a couple things and be better next time. So that's basically what the dialogue was. You know, you mentioned Creighton Head Coach Greg McDermott who has solidified himself over the last decade as one of the top offensive Minds in our Sports. What's the best thing for playing for him at Creighton? Yeah, I talk about him all the time on the offense and he's unbelievable playing for him. He he's a really good players coach like if I have something to say and I see something and I can go to him with it and he has that trust in me and I have that trust in him that we can have that conversation mid game or after the game before the game. Like hey, I think this will work and he will Implement that also just the freestyle free flow of offense. He allows us to be basketball players. We're not we're not robotic. We're not like running through play. Is in a system where we're all just kind of using our abilities to the best of our ability and plan off in one another's strengths. And I think when we do that we can we're at our best and we in coach Mack allows us a lot of freedom to do so. Well, you know, you mentioned obviously he's one of the great offensive coaches in the sport and he gives you a lot of freedom, but for those things to work at a high level you still need really good players. And in addition to yourself on cratons Perimeter, you've got two terrific guards and Mark has a garage. Ski and Tyshawn Alexander, why has this Trio been so in sync together this season? I would say the number one reason is just no one has their own agenda. Our agenda is for the betterment of the team and for the success of the team. No one really is going out there. No one has an ego. No one's going out there trying to get 20 points. It just happens in the flow of the offense. And when you have guys that are gifted offensively and have the ability to get to different spots and score from through levels like those two guys. It kind of opens up the floor for the rest of us and when you have guys like that at leaders and who are hunting shots and hunting scoring Then you can play off them. Well and our strengths come our strengths come together and it's really a thing of beauty when we're playing that way and when you have guys like that at leaders who who played for one another it's I mean stuff like that just it happens. It's fun to play, you know, you mentioned a thing of beauty mentioned. It's an interesting term because you're a player. I've noticed covering the last couple years that can go 10 of 10 from three in one game go one of 10 for 3 the next game and you're not going to be inhibited taking your next shot what allows Mitch back I like to play without a conscience each and every time he steps on the floor. I learned that from my freshman year, I was up and down a lot my freshman year and Marcus Foster did a really good job on the court and off the court just kind of with that no conscience mentality like always the next shots always going in and I would always I met Miss shots and he special the next one like he'd always put that confidence in me. And then on top of that my coaching staff does an unbelievable job, but just like coach Mac if it's a 30-footer and I'm open like he gets mad if I don't shoot it and I was going through that my freshman year if I Shoot open shots. He started taking me out. So then I was trying to figure out like I was trying to get to that confidence level and that hunting shots, but not take a bad shot and find that fine line of taking good shots versus bad shots. So my coaching staff has done an unbelievable job and then I have unbelievable support for through my three years of guys on the court that play with it just give you that confidence to shoot the ball. And so I just keep doing it. Well, that's obviously something that's resonated throughout the season your 22 and seven even after Sunday's loss against st. John's. What's the biggest thing that it has to happen between now and obviously selection Sunday for Creighton to be a team that nobody is going to want to play in the NCAA tournament. I think we just have to stay stay on the course and stay in love with the process like coach Max hit on fall in love with the process months ago. And we did that and we follow the process and we got to the level of where we're at now 22 and seven. Like you said like I don't think that's doable without folks in on every little detail along the way during the process. So as long as we keep doing that and just take it a game at a time and don't really look as long as we don't look to select. Sunday and just get better every day up to selection Sunday, I think will be one of those teams that no one wants to no one wants a part of so well final thing here Mitch food is a very big deal on this show if there was one meal Mitch ballot could have where would it be? What would it be? That's a good one. Probably between there's a place called. Mahogany and Omaha and there's a place called J Gilbert's they have unbelievable steaks. I'd say the texture. I mean you could cut the cut the steak out in Mahogany with a butter knife. Like that's the kind of thing and there's no better steaks and Omaha me out the East Coast West Coast. Nothing compares to Omaha Steaks, I'd say it's takes mashed potatoes and asparagus are one of those spots and I'm good to go Mitch back. I'm still a little teapot. I'm still looking for my home all t-shirt. You got one Omaha somewhere in Middle America. It spreads to Middle America Mitch. I'm going to send a text that right now to my people we will get you that shirt. Hopefully you'll sport it there in the Big East tournament. But Mitch. Congratulations on a great season, you know, keep doing your thing, and we thank you for dining with us here on stuffed. I appreciate it. Have a good one. Beautiful little lunch right here. Some nice chicken tenders can't have these too often are also loses its value little ketchup little dipping gotta have something to dip with you know what I mean? Never understood the people eat stuff play now again, I was like that for a long time, but I like to think that in my old age. I've got a little bit more versatile with my menu. That's America right there. At least some of these elevator pitches Mark Few he gets all the results without all the extracurriculars mark few more bite than Mark a movie buff. Like you must love the a science fiction movie They Live Now, how can you incorporate that into one of your clothes? How about this? How about a team that kicks more than anybody else Gonzaga basketball? All out of bubblegum recently been bad while the passion love the fact that this guy is sending us an elevator pitch in a Steve bicycle pounding Nails t-shirt and I liked what I heard from Gonzaga need to check on that 80s movie. It's not a go-to. It's not obviously cocktail or Back to the Future or anything else in that decade, but I like the passion. I like the authenticity. Well done. All right time now for Our weekly edition of The Hustle Mania hotline where we highlight one program that has shined Above the Rest when it comes to doing the gritty things in college basketball. We are now joined by Merrimack head coach Joe Gallo who led his team to an NEC regular season title in its first season in division one Joe. How did you do it? Well, I was actually just looking at our schedule trying to figure out the date and when we lost like 20 plus at and I know her say I don't think any of us would have thought this would have but I really good veteran group mixed with some really good freshman. And you know, we had great success in the division two level and over time that that success continued to show, you know, we want a lot of close games and these guys were in those close games. His priors no wind by win and guy started to believe more and then you know about six eight games with to go with the two-game lead in the conference that it really became even more real. So it was just a heck of a rock. Now one of the trade-offs when you're making your transition to division one is you can't go to the postseason how Bittersweet is it even though you won the league to not be able to play in the playoffs this year in the Northeast conference? Yeah, you know it is it'll hit us a little more here as we're watching some of these other guys, you know compete and play against each other but the unique part about winning the regular season Championship as we almost had our March Madness, you know, we had our you know, two-game lead with six games to go we talk about being in a double elimination tournament, which you guys have all been in and you're a you tournaments to do something that's never been done before then we could have crushed at Mount st. Mary's and we didn't play so well done. Our place so we got to redo in that last game and roll dough to bring home. So we have we've had plenty of big games to play for you know, I think even when you do have March always talked to our guys, even in division two, if you put your yourself and a chance to be in big meaningful games in February, that's all we can ask for and we were in some pretty neat meaningful ones. Well, obviously you came from nowhere to be one of the great stories of this college basketball season. Now, you're going to be a team in bold print moving forward when it comes to your own League. How do you sustain this level of success moving forward at Merrimack? You know good players always help. You know, we're losing a really good singer Clan divorcees who were losing arguably the best player in school history, but you know what, we have a unique system on both sides of the ball and we don't deviate from it much and you know our guys, you know can get better because we go outside of what we do and so, you know each week that goes by guys get better in our system and we are who we are we don't deviate from And I think if you talk to other coaches in the league, we're kind of a pain in the neck to play against because of our style and we're going to just continue to do that and continue to recruit our type of kids and hopefully the success continues well final thing Joe as you know food is a very big thing on this show of Joey Gallo could have one more meal. Where would it be? What would it be? It would be a micro tears about Vincent's the I go Vince I go sweet sauce spicy on the side to dip the bread in definitely some meatballs. Yeah, if you ever come up this way, we um, we got a joint called Harrison's roast beef up here in North Andover best roast beef sandwich. You could have them. All right. Well Merrimack head coach Joey Galloway. Appreciate you being our guest on the hustle Mania hotline here. I'm stuffed. Thanks for having me. You got it. And obviously a great reference there to Vincent's Clam Bar and Carl Place Long Island a place. We may need to visit soon here on the show. But for now, let's get to some late-night snacks time. Now for some late-night snacks. You can't get anywhere else in college hoops, but first a late-night snack from my Hulkamania lunch box right here. Always the best got to count on the guy that brought me to my lowest point as a sports fan or Sports entertainment fan with a little guac. Of course, WrestleMania. April 1st, 1990 still haven't gotten over it. But luckily for me food has helped soften the blow little chips and guac. Chronic fatigue and just right so some late night snacks. One of the great stories in college basketball right now has been the Resurgence of Texas guard. Andrew Jones has battled leukemia for a large part of the last couple years entering Texas's game against Oklahoma on Tuesday night. He had scored 21 points or more in three of his previous four games. This is an unbelievable story and definitely one that anybody can take a bite out of him. Meanwhile, a lot of people didn't want to take a bite out of Virginia Styles the last couple of years because I said it was boring but defense is again leading Virginia back into the NCAA tournament picture. The Cavaliers are now in a six-game winning streak in those six games. Virginia's opponents are only scoring average of fifty five point eight points per game and lastly Iowa very discreetly. I might add switch to a new lineup in Saturday's win over Penn State featuring a for guard. Look this should allow Luka Garza who I believe firmly is a national player of the year to play with better spacing get more isolation opportunities. And in that game and that victory over Penn State the Hawkeyes had 22 assists on 28 made field goals. Blows, so all the guac very easy to go down the throat. So those are your nuggets your late-night snacks. You can't get anywhere else, but there's more on the way if you love food if you love college basketball, this is a One-Stop shop for you. Not just for the college basketball season, but for beyond the meanwhile for the next five weeks up until the conclusion of the NCAA tournament. This is like an all-you-can-eat buffet. We don't have a plan to stop refilling the place. Ace What do you like it? Or you don't like it college basketball is the best thing going today follow us on social media. I'm at John Ralston on Twitter and at John dot royalty on Instagram. This is March America. You better buckle up. If you liked this episode, give us a thumbs up. Click here to subscribe. Guys great job back. There is always my man Gap everybody Pat Dave J everybody in the back room. You guys are crushing it, but I got to tell you we got the Mountain West Conference tournament.