Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so. Hello David, how are you? Hello. I'm fine. Thank you. Almost nailed it. Now it Adam. Thank you so much for your time because it's I have pests you do you for this have an eye a little bit to be absolutely fair. You haven't pestered. I have just been the flakiest human being alive. So it's entirely on me. I've been looking forward to this for a while, but I've canceled on you twice. So I feel like a bad person. Now which I am which is fine. It's for mine because it'd be totally worth it. We already know this and we appreciate obviously this is a bit of a step down from a radio for recording studio. So you have been on a couple of podcasts before we intend on talk about much today, especially the role of critical thought in a day and age where we faced with times of information overwhelm. I think in the fitness industry the health industry, especially we're exposed to A little bit of pseudoscience here and there but we really wanted to explore what's becoming growing and concerning the anti-vaccination movement and some of the reasons why there's some hesitancy out there with especially with parents and when it comes to vaccinating their children, and I think probably was quite important to stress here is it's what's really interesting about the subject. It's not distinctly a reflection or someone's intelligence is, you know as irrational Apes. We all have a tendency to sometimes by into certain. Isis and certain beliefs and so yeah, we really wanted to explore that but I thought something a little bit more lighthearted before we delve into this highly emotive subject and I haven't told the guys this at all David but can you share with us your favorite falsehood to do with frogs, please and how as irrational tapes that we can so can sometimes be how even the most educated at times can fall victim to this information you make it sound like I have a lot of conspiracy theories. It relevant to frogs. I actually don't have that many just it's not like I collect frog trivial but the one I just tell us your favorite one. My favorite one might be the only one I'm afraid and one of the things I find really interesting is how beliefs kind of morph into strange strange reflections of themselves distorted albeit. And one of the best ones is the idea that someone usually the government whoever that is is putting chemicals in the water to I quote make the frogs gay. And this is famously put forward by Alex Jones. And if your viewers want to look at this Alex Jones a well-known American conspiracy theorist all around horrific human being him screaming at a camera. They're making the freaking frogs game very seriously for about 2 minutes is one of the funniest things I've ever watched you having a bad day going to watch it. You'll feel great. So, you know, it's not silly individuals and we've spoken about you know, No, being evidence-informed and evidence-based. Hopefully we can all agree that when it comes to Medicine evidence-based does hold some weight of relevance there. But why is it the most the smartest of people can buy into this information? I think there's a few different reasons why we subscribe to this information. So there was and there still is an idea that if you're very intelligent and you're very well educated you are automatically rational that is not true because rationality is not something intuitive to us. We have to learn it and we don't necessarily learn it in a formal educational setting you actually find sometimes the people who are the most intelligent are the best at lying to themselves as well. So it's not a simply a function of Education intelligence to it gets into different layers of why we believe different things and one of the big reasons, we like to believe things is We Like Our Little World Views and we don't like them being challenged that much. So what actually kind of happens sometimes is that we're faced. With information that causes us cognitive dissonance we go. Oh that doesn't agree with what I already know and you feel uncomfortable which is when you learn something new you might feel a bit uncomfortable. And sometimes it is easier for people to jettison that new information or to downplay it or to dismiss it then to think. Oh God my worldview might require some serious serious rethought before I go on and make a Hames of things and unfortunately that process seems to be harder to come by than we would like. Yeah, absolutely. So we'd like we are all susceptible to question your beliefs. I think I've heard you referred to it as the sometimes evolve is into a web of beliefs like for something like vaccines, for example, and of course, you know, I know I'm speaking to you and Mike here and you guys are in the pocket of big Pharma, but just based on your opinion. Yeah. So what you're alluding to is a really cool idea by the philosopher WV coin and he called it our web of belief right the idea that we have all these are beliefs don't exist in isolation. Ali to believe one thing we have to believe a rake of supporting things calories and different ideas. So for example to accept the idea that vaccines cause autism for example to take a very well-known uk-based discredited but still very virulent conspiracy theory or welcome to mention them with this as I said to wear on filtered here, so you're welcome to mention. Whoever you like. Yeah. Oh, I'm happy to mention it, but I can't I can't mention him without putting a bunch of you know exported overseas. Front of it and I'm not sure if you like to be censored or not because that bollocks is probably not going to get that bollocks entry. Wakefield is probably not the best way to describe it. But anyway and to accept that belief, for example, you would then have to accept the supporting idea that scientists and doctors and public health bodies are lying to us as well that all the safety data we have has been faked and it becomes easier and easier to accept other ideas that are more outlandish. So for example, it's not a huge jump to go. From I believe that vaccines cause autism to there are aliens in Area 51 being hidden by the government because once you've accepted that scale of a cover-up, you've made a hole in your web of belief that you could drive a truck through none of our beliefs exist in isolation, and they all are very delicately mesh through other ones. So some excellent English as a hard language. So accepting even one strange idea can really have a very negative impact on our entire perception of the world, which is interesting. I liked what I was listening to your podcast Irishman a broad one and you were talking about how how that kind of applies to stuff like climate change. So not only in questioning the beliefs because of how they fit in with our belief system. But then how they also influence how we then need to act so people might find it easier to believe that climate change is a hoax then they would to go if climate change is true. I've got to reconstruct my entire career or my business or all of these things around Around it. So is far less challenging to just believe it's made up a hundred percent and that's a phenomenon called motivated reasoning and that's the idea that we like to not only believe what we believe we don't like to really change what we're doing. So if I bring you information say you're a hardcore free market libertarian and you think the free market is a solution to everything and I come to you with information that climate change is impacting on your neighbors and it's going to cause you problems you can do one of two things. You can't go They're My Philosophy needs to be reconsidered or at least the boundaries of have to be slightly redrawn. If I'm going to keep believing it. That's the cognitively expensive difficult thing to do. What is sometimes easier is to deny. It's a problem sweep it under the rug call everyone an idiot say, oh you're wrong because sometimes accepting that would mean that you have to change a lot of things about how you view the world and that is not easy all of us have none of us like our view of the world being disturbed. We all kind of have this perception of how the world is and we don't like it being infringed upon but when we only take evidence that confirms our prejudices or our biases and we disregard that which conflicts with them were not learning were engaging in a phenomenon as motivated reasoning we are just weighing evidence in such a way that always flatters our preconceptions and if we do that we can never change. We are always stuck in this terminal inertia, which will just do us damage and which is why particularly I think from a healthcare perspective or This perspective. I think you see this as well. I think it's incredibly important that we learned that it's okay to challenge our own beliefs and it's it's actually a positive thing to change our ideas in the view of new Evans. Absolutely. Do you think that some people like compartmentalize certain beliefs? So for example, like a doctor or a scientist who is religious and then doesn't believe in evolution. But yeah, they'll still have like a scientific mind in terms of their work. Yeah, I think I think absolutely I actually worked with a guy in one of my old universities brilliant young scientist, but he just so happened to be excellent at cancer Evolution, which is what we were working on together yet. He himself being quite religious did not believe in evolution and I remember being so flummoxed by this and he was he was a very devout Muslim. He didn't drink but I was at a conference where I was absolutely drunk and all my decorum was gone and I needed to ask him every question. He was very patient with me. But the way he described it to me was that he had an academic understanding of evolution which conflicted with his personal belief but he wasn't going to eat he would actually compartmentalizes he was doing these papers with me and my other colleagues where he was accepting this but in his personal life go but that's only for cancer cells not for people and hasn't but what about we can show it in viruses and we can show it in, you know, the million cell lines and bacteria. He's like but not people and I like we can an really but he is that that was a bridge too far for him. And I thought that was really amazing how he could do that. So absolutely. Yes. I've also heard you speak about the social the behavior element of what contributes to this spreading of information and that sometimes it's the the powerless actually feel quite powerful by being keepers of this this secret information. No one else is is privy to and whether that's flat earthers or you know, the climate change deniers. Is it possible to change the mind? Of those individuals. Do you know I I mix about this. It depends how optimistic about the human race. I'm feeling when you asked me this question today, I'm fairly neutral. So so what you're alluding to is absolutely correct. It's there's an idea that what motivates people to really believe conspiracy theories and there's a lot of different factors, but one of them is, you know fear of the unknown if you believe in a conspiracy theory you believe that someone has a plan you might not like that plan. You might not agree with that plan. But someone is in control of stuff to accept that the world is fairly random and stuff just happens is not always Pleasant for us and there's a psychological phenomenon known as a diversion to Randomness as in we don't really like things being that random. So that's one reason but the people that evangelize conspiracy theories The Alex Jones is of this world or the people that make conspiracy podcasts where they expound on their beliefs, right? One of the biggest motivating factors for them is ego and if Think about it as a very simple reason why if you believe you know, that vaccines are a sham or that, you know, something the government don't know. It doesn't matter. If you're talking to the world's best immunologist or you know, a professor of political history or someone who's really done their homework or a brilliant doctor doesn't matter you think, you know more than them and you can simply turn around without doing any of the work they have done to get there and you can go. Yeah, you would say that she people, you know nothing and you can feel Oh good about yourself. And also people will come to you and think that you are an authority they listen to you and that makes you feel really good the social elements there. You're like, yeah. I'm if you've watched on Netflix as a documentary called behind the curve on flat earthers, and I really love that. Oh definitely worth watching and I really like it because it doesn't it's not cruel. It's not fun addictive. It just follows them and you see that one of the biggest motivating factors without them ever having to say yes. Is that they have a sense of community and a sense that they are special and when they're saying this to each other they feel like their big man or big women and they really, you know, they have NASA on the ropes and they're brilliant. And in fact, we look at them and go you are bloody clowns but in their bubble in there, it'll Echo chamber. They are the head honchos and that factor that egotism is a real big thing and we can laugh at it sometimes but if we look at something like vaccination policy or GMO or do Or any of the health conspiracies we deal with it causes serious harm. So there's a level we can laugh and a level we go actually by saying this and by evangelizing this you actually do harm to The Wider community. So where do we trade off? Where's the balance? And as you do mention vaccines there so I suppose listeners probably are aware slightly. But what are the main concerns that you know parents have over I'm talking specifically MMR there as well. But actually vaccine is a whole what are people's concerns. What is the conspiracy there that people believe in so many but they all kind of pivot around the same idea. So to give you a list of some Spirits perspective and we've heard a lot recently about the anti-vaccine movement and the Damage they do but you need to realize the anti-vaccine movement aren't a new thing. They have existed since the time of Jenner in the 1700s since the first immunization. There's been an anti vaccine movement. Now, this is quite telling their motivation is out. Illogical they find this is unnatural or unhealthy or there's something otherwise perturbing to them about it. What they do then to justify their ideological dislike of it is they often manufacturer reasons in their head. Why vaccines are dangerous, right? They're not we know after clean water and sanitation. Nothing has saved more lives than vaccination literally nothing humans have ever done right? This is a huge game changer since the Advent of social media these Vaccine movements they've always existed they've always bubbled in the background the Advent of social media seen them explode onto the mainstream. They can go into Facebook or Instagram or whatever like they can say very scary things. Now. This is a slight distinction has to be made here a lot of the parents who don't vaccinate their children are not anti vaccine. They are vaccine hesitancy because they are afraid of what they have read. They've gone on to Facebook and they've seen something scary and they go. Oh, well, I don't take a risk if I vaccinate my kid. What if what if this is true? They don't realize that the risk is and not vaccinating not in vaccinating and this is why these anti-vaccine disinformation white does so much of so much damage to us when you mentioned the mm or debacle. That was an interesting one too because this is just before social media was the thing. It started in 1998 and hit Peak at around 2000 what actually made that go mainstream was of the Andrew Wakefield that bollocks made a series of claims about linking autism and the MMR vaccine. Scene now he had no real evidence for doing this and it turned out the very weak evidence that he preferred was eventually found to have been faked. He was he's discredited. He's a pariah. He's I've dealt with them personally. He's a terrible human being and I hope he gets hit by a bus and then reversed over by the same bus again. That's how much I liked them. Right? Wow, he but the more you know about the man that like a Brian deer has just written a book on him. Totally. I would highly recommend it Brian deer with the journals to expose him as a fraud and it certainly must write certainly worth a read. See how mendacious and individually actually was because he did something. So sorry to interrupt your he did something quite unusual didn't he based on his research? He's a few quite unusual. Well, yeah quite a few unusual things, but it was quite quite small population group. They already, you know, it was a time of their lives where toddlers are starting those that have autism have started to display symptoms of it and he decided to go straight to the Press with it. He called a press conference. So he had a paper published in the Lancet in 1998 the Lancet of Very well respected medical journal, but this was an exploratory study and somewhere in the discussion buried deep down was a suggestion that are maybe these M stomach conditions that were seeing might be connected to the MMR vaccine and maybe that's connected to autism right? It was very speculative. It wasn't the thrust of the paper. It's gone on since they had twelve twelve children in the study. It was later found that they had got that data data fraudulently. They'd also acquired it unethically by basically giving children. They shouldn't because lots of stuff you did wrong. But what he did really wrong was when that paper was published. Nothing happened. There wasn't a big panic because most people aren't reading the Lancet the people that read the Lancet on are Savvy enough to read the papers went. Yeah. It's kind of nonsense. I'm going to skip over that because there was no real evidence for us. He called a press conference interestingly enough. Nothing happened at the press conference initially because most science and health journalists knew that what he was saying was kind of nonsense and it had the kind of this distinct of anti-vaccine stuff off it and later on as it transpired Wakefield had taken money from anti-vaccine groups and a lot of money actually about half a million from them to try and show that the vaccine was dangerous. This later came out because of Brian tears tenacity and investigating it anyway. When he called this conference initially didn't do that much damage, but the anti-vaxxers ran with this they saw him as one of their own he was indeed one of their own. Okay, and he had some scientific credibility as you know, a respected at the time gastroenterologist So within two years the way they got this into mainstream media was it was pitched as a human interest story anti-vaccine groups would go to journalists. Who as Ben goldacre said would normally be telling you about a funny story that happened with the au pair on the To a party and say my child is autistic and I think it's vaccines and it was being reported. My you know, is it vaccines? Maybe it's vaccines the telegraph were describing Wakefield eventually as a champion of patients something they've rolled back on now and at this got it into the mainstream and then Tony Blair wouldn't say if he was going to immunize the Sun or not and that became a big thing. But nowadays that took two years to go from like a non-story to the biggest story and we're still dealing with the consequences 22 years later because there's still children not getting immunized because of this but what's kind of interesting is we don't need that anymore to make something go viral to no pun intended to make em a bit of disinformation cause serious harm you don't need to go and convince a bunch of journalists to relish you can put on social media and it is out there. We have seen that with HPV vaccine, which I've dealt with an awful lot in Ireland in Japan anti-vaccine disinformation about the HPV vaccine which can prevent about five percent of all cancers worldwide by Wait LED uptake in Japan to go from 70 percent to one percent within a year Denmark 79 217 within a year in Ireland 187 250 and Ireland is a world case study because we had we have some good news in Ireland. We've reversed that we're going back up. And I mean, I have a personal stake in this as you probably read in the book and when this happened in Ireland the scientific and medical community got together with parent groups and worked really hard to combat. Attic the anti-vaccine disinformation, but the real secret weapon we had was a very dear friend of mine who was a woman called Laura Brennan who was diagnosed cervical cancer in her 20s, mid-20s and was told it was terminal and she spent all her last days campaigning against anti-vaccine disinformation. She died just just under a year ago now at 26 and everyone knows her name and armed and now that the vaccine is actually started to recover in a huge. Thanks to her efforts. It's gone back up to the 80s. The other countries affected haven't been affect. The other countries affected. Haven't seen that recovery. Ireland has which shows you that. Human stories matter we react to human Stories We act to Laura Story positively and if we hear scary things online or at the MMR vaccine and the old English papers back in 2000, it can make us react the opposite way. We are very emotive creatures we a moat first and we reason afterwards. Yeah, and that makes us very easy to weaponize. Yeah, but most susceptible to other things like celebrities as well, aren't we? Like, I mean, I used to be a big fan of the claw. I was but I think we've found things have been taken a little bit of a different direction these days and I just I wish they'd get their instruments back out again and make some songs, but they seem to be interested in. Well not they actually just the one that just Jim. Yeah, just Jim. Yeah, and I wish they'd get there may be like if you I've always felt bad for Jim core because if the I was gonna say, it's just the brothers didn't Yang in that situation where everyone just wants to talk to your sisters all the Time but it must have it must have had a deep sort of impact on him and I'm digging myself into a hole here aren't I but I'm not no no don't I would also I would also like the chorus to get their instruments back out and then insert them directly into gym core but no at a gym and I have have had our dealings. I've dealt with him a few times. Our Twitter interactions have not been Pleasant I might have Called me doctor, he's called me. Dr. Death of few times. He's called me. He's written some interesting emails to my people that work with me. It's interesting guy. He is too much free time. But again, that's because you're a big farmers pocket pocket and I keep pointing out all use like this video. I'm a physicist by training if they want it. I do math biology of cancer. If they wanted to give like someone money to do this. They should probably give someone more qualified than me money to do it, but you know, Hey, listen, yeah. It's a weird idea. Yeah, I think people like I mean Jim is a great example. I think people like the attention. I think they like sitting there going look at now. Maybe maybe if everyone we talk to your sisters your whole life and you don't have that much. That's his Majesty's motivation that you think I don't know what his psychological Vietnam but whatever it is what he says is incredibly damaging and absolutely ridiculous and Jim goes with every conspiracy theory going and he does something that you'll see in conspiracy theorists. He linked ideas together that should not be linked or there's no evidence to link. It's always a grand conspiracy. You don't just believe one conspiracy theory you believe all of them and this goes back to your web of belief. If you have altered it enough to accept one outlandish idea odds. Are you going to accept a lot more? And when we look at the psychology of conspiracy theorists, it is incredibly rare to find a conspiracy theorist that only really believes one conspiracy. You tend to believe everything because you have to to get to that point you have to let me speak to that cognitive dissonance. Doesn't it? Like I think it's very hard for people to believe when they've kind of grown up loving someone's music or watching them in films or something like that. And then they come out with stuff like this you again don't want to believe that they that they are just talking nonsense. So you start to believe it and we've seen it. We I mean we've often seen very odd Health beliefs come out of a lot of celebrities. Gwyneth Paltrow is thinking just that one Jenny McCarthy and this isn't like it didn't isn't am I right or not? I should have researched this but isn't Andrew Wakefield now married to Elle McPherson. Is that right? Apparently just dating but yeah still yeah, but also the man makes about like estimates of almost a million a year at least from his speaking circuits. He goes to anti-vaccine conference and speaks. He makes a lot of money for a silenced man, but isn't A lot more than I make in a year. He had his own proposed vaccine at that time. So he had a conflict of interest. There it is that it that's correct. Is that that's true that up? No you didn't that's absolutely true. He had also patented three single Doses and was taking money from Andy vaccine groups and was taking money from lawyers that wanted to prove the vaccine was harmful. He had so many conflicts of interest. He literally was like the ethics wasn't a concept. He was familiar with yes with rustic. Otherwise, it's the rest of us that are big Michelle's isn't it like that? That's what's so that's what's so audacious isn't it that you've kind of got the accusations that are that people are actually doing exactly what the people that they're supporting are. In fact doing a hundred percent. That's one of the things that really amuses me is the fact the real conspiracy there if you wanted to find one was Wakefield being bent and the sending you see with them. For example, one of the ones I love when you see conspiracy theories propagated online particularly about 5G. We know there's an awful lot of Russian disinformation behind that and oddly enough. The people that are most believe in conspiracies will not accept the fact that Russia might be dealing and disinformation and have been since the 1920s. They very good at this and you're like, yeah, we have loads of evidence like no, I don't believe that I like the real conspiracy is what they miss and I find that kind of charming. I'm like the real attempt to pull the wool over your eyes, you will ignore that's amazing. So I have a question as like a practical piece of advice for someone. Like myself who I work as a GP and so I kind of the extent of my research is okay cool vaccines are fine. I'm satisfied with that. I know that that it's okay. So then how do I actually have that discussion? You know when somebody who has spent an awful lot of time on web forums and listening to things asks me a question like but what about the Mercury doses or the aluminium doses in vaccines and isn't it the case that it's not the vaccines themselves? A dangerous it's giving them in such high doses at the same time. And if you've got certain metabolic issues, you might struggle to process them. And then therefore that will result in in brain abnormalities and then like what do I say? Where do I send them to go to? You know? Oh, yeah, or do they are there grains of Truth in these little ideas. You know, where does where does that come from? And how do I counteract it? What do I do please the finest lies in the finest myth have grains of Truth. I'll be them horribly distorted. Surgeons and that's why they get kind of virulence. They don't deserve. So the first thing you can do you are a GP you are the most trusted member of society believe it or not. You might know he's feel that way. But in most surveys you wouldn't a GPS records GPS recommendation to a parent who asked these questions is incredibly powerful. We know both from u.s. Studies data we have that if a parent is willing to ask their GP should they vaccinees that they are open mind to the idea that the GP? You saying I would or I would get my child vaccinated or I would highly recommend it does have pretty good influence. So you're already doing good by just having the conversation. The other thing to realize is the kind of patients that are asking you that are actually they've heard scary things. They are the vaccine hesitancy and you are their first kind of particle for testing this and so The Who and the CDC both keep a really good record of vaccine myths so some of the ones you've mentioned there. Mercury in vaccines that's not really a thing. We use. You know, that hasn't been a thing for a long time. It was really used as preservatives or Edge against two vaccinations. We don't use that they never had any biological effects that we knew of but people were scared of them. So we took them out. We still use Therma Soul, which is yeah, I believe it's an aluminium derivative as in some vaccines. It doesn't cause any harm. It doesn't cause heavy metal poisoning. What people do is they take a grain of Truth? Is there such a thing as Metal poisoning. Yes. Can I then bend these two ideas together? Of course, that's not true. I mean a aluminium isn't heavy metal discuss heavy metal poisoning you need massive doses to cause any harm. This is not how it works. Like they did the same with formaldehyde. You probably heard that as well. Oh this formaldehyde and vaccines, you know, like yeah, there's formaldehyde and apples and pears. You got to stop beating them as well. Like I think I think the dose makes the poison is what Purcell has said in the 15th century and and it stands but You got to realize where these parents are getting that information from they are getting it from anti-vaccine forums. They are getting it from anti-vaccine actors who are pretending to be their friends. Who can oh, you should keep this way for your kids. So it's very frustrating and very time intensive for you to debunked the myth. I think one of the most powerful things you can say is a GP is look what you've heard. This is not true. I'd recommend The Who and the cdc's resources to read these myths because they've been the book so many times and I can tell you that I would certainly vaccinate my Or I get myself vaccinated and that's my professional opinion is a GP because often that's all they want to hear. How comp how confident are you because they don't want to do the research necessarily they kind of want to trust someone and it's a case of should they trust you or should they trust random person on Facebook and I really hope they trust you. Yeah, and I'm just baking as a parent. He's such an emotive thing because I think you take it as a personal judgment on your parenting skills. And of course every parent must do though Do the best job possible but I've actually been told I was told which did spark a bit of an emotional response from me is that by vaccinated my daughter she would like getting autism which is to me is crazy. But I guess it's depending on what Echo chamber we surround ourselves in and I think that's part of the problem is with these individuals because they are in the Echo chamber that is all they're exposed to their never challenged on those biases and they probably likely wouldn't go to a GP and as you said, they're not the That the die-hard Believers that big Pharma, you know vaccines are out to wipe us all it's all be conspiracy theory because I think if anyone challenges your parenting or you know, possibly implies that you're gonna do some long-term harms your child, of course, you're going to spark their response. Look I guess part of the problem as well as that people who are sort of spreading these mr. So sure of themselves. I like yes you will get This if you vaccinate your children, whereas a GP or someone who is more science-based research-based won't normally say absolutes because we can't really say absolutes and almost anything in life, but someone who's spreading these myths does say absolute so that's why they're attractive that absolutely their unencumbered by truth. We're about doctors and scientists have to be well, it's incredibly unlikely side effects are very rare. We can't speak it absolutes. There are none what you alluded to as well is sometimes known as dunning-kruger or the dunning-kruger effect. And it's the idea that the people that know the least on many subjects are often the most confident to do when they come to a pining Avenged so you often have people that know absolutely nothing about something speaking with a confidence that is disproportionate. Like if you at UCI, the classic example is Donald Trump when he speaks about anything right? He's a big so the cup evidence of a man who knows something and we all know he's an idiot rice president India select which is terrifying but he's a he's in it, but that's very common online the kind of people the gym core is of this world who will say this causes this they'll be no Nuance, there's no subtlety, but they stayed at with a confidence and that captures people, but the fact that they know very little is is yes there their confidence is so absolutely out of whack with it is known as the dunning-kruger effect or named after two psychologists who It and it's really really common. They did a very famous paper which you can get for free and I was called unskilled and unaware of it. It's like sure that the people that knew the least about subjects like and they found this by the way, um mm or the link the the ostensible link between MMR and autism, which there is not also the MMR vaccine and autism which doesn't exist people who most strongly rated disbelief who subscribe to it the most also said that they had The highest knowledge of autism and the highest knowledge of vaccinations when they were independently assessed on their knowledge. They failed miserably so yet they were going on like I know this then they were tested and like you you're totally on another and then people who are more subtle will go. Oh, I don't know how much I know about this and that's what Bertrand Russell famous. He said many centuries ago that the tragedy of many Century one century ago. The tragedy of this world is that you know, the stupider cocksure while the intelligence - and there's a level of truth that because that's what that's what I've always struggled with is when people present me with these ideas about Mercury and whatever. I'm I'm a God, but what if I have got y if I've got it wrong and what if what if they've got new and exciting information that I don't know about yet and I shouldn't just answer them. I should go away and look it up and all that kind of stuff and it you just it is very difficult. If you are because you've spoken quite open and you mentioned it earlier on the podcast about how you know, Buddy, who is a who is a true scientist in the proper sense of the word is very happy to change their opinion when they are presented with evidence to the contrary and they're happy to go. Oh, yeah. Actually I used to think that but now I think this whereas so many people are really really really reluctant to do that and I think the danger of being happy to do that is that you're constantly, you know, you're constantly questioning every belief that you hold which then does make you seem sometimes a bit under Are unsure of yourself when having these kinds of discussions, that's true. And then it's a classic thing that we it's a societal problem as well because we actually look at people who are confident or profess to be confident and go wow there, you know, really they have a courage of their convictions. If a politician changes their mind we call them other flip-flopping or you turning we see this weakness that's absolute nonsense. I would much prefer my elected representatives when I come with them and go. Oh, you know that idea you had that will ruin everything then To go plenty hell so. Well, let's not do that. You know, like that would be a better world. If someone had said that about breaks it breaks. It couldn't look listen this it's the reason I no longer live in the UK, so it's I think we have to run on a longer kind of scale. We have to remind people that uncertainty is part of life. But just because you're uncertain about little tiny bits and this fight as a Darrow brain says science doesn't know everything. Yeah, of course, it wouldn't else it would stop like the point is that there's there's little bits we don't know but there's a lot we do and if you come out there with something outlandish you say yeah, what about this? It's entirely reasonable so got to have evidence for that a sir. And if you yeah, I read it on his Instagram page. Maybe you don't you know like but yeah, I think it can get hard though contacts. I've had discussions with people and then they're like yeah, there is evidence. Look at this YouTube video and I'm like art amount of time to watch like something like that, but it can come across like, oh I'm close minded because I won't bother looking at that quote unquote evidence, but if you did sort of go and look at all these links to Facebook. Posts and all this stuff then you'd have no time soon. Absolutely. And that the worst one you just hit the nail on the head there the YouTube videos of the worst if you get a I get I get a lot of emails from spiritual theorist scuse me of all sorts and something that they will put I had one guy put a hundred and Seventeen links to YouTube videos and now and then he emailed me back about I'd say three hours later go. Have you watched them yet? And I'm like, it's not physically possible for me to watch ha ha also, I'm not going to but a perfect and people that Sounds like either your clothes mind them know the standard of M. And this is something we do have to teach people. What is a standard of evidence what is reputable? Why would I say to someone go to the who or the CDC or your doctor versus go to Natural news.com or go to you know, something on each it. Why would I say that and I think that people don't realize that paper has never refused ink and you know are a word processor or HTML page is therefore a few some lines on or he her Facebook page anything else. So what we have to get people to realize is that there is a hierarchy of what we consider evidence and what we don't and part of that is approved Science Education, but not just improve Science Education. It's improved political education because this goes right back into our everyday lives. How do we want to what world we want to live? Do we want to live in a world where Boris Johnson can lie through his teeth and it doesn't seem to affect him at all or do we want to live in a world where we might actually go? Yeah. Okay. You said something quite outlandish there. Could you explain where you got that from and show us the reasoning right? I prefer to live in world to right and I think most people would but I think that we haven't realized that I mean how to weigh evidence and things like that and critical thinking I guess the reason I wrote the book they are so important and once people realize how simple they are to implement I think it can change your life. I think you can go. Oh, wow. I can do that. I can ask that question like yeah you can You should ask that question. Yeah, so I think you know what you said about vaccines. We vaccine hesitancy is a real threat to Public Health. I suppose from that herd immunity. What is it? And why is it so important? It's as interesting concept. So obviously if you have a viral illness or something else, actually you should write as a GP you might be better explaining this than me, but I'll have a bash that I bet I wouldn't be I have more faith in you that I have myself. So essentially the idea is there are people that can't get immunized for different reasons, right? Perhaps they have an autoimmune condition. Perhaps they're little babies perhaps they're very old people perhaps they're undergoing chemotherapy and their immune system has always suppressed. You can't immunize everyone for that reason, but if you have enough people immunized a virus can spread it can't get around there. So the idea of herd immunity is if you have enough of the population vaccinated that that disease can no longer become endemic. You have a firewall against the disease that protects the people at the center who aren't immunized with measles which is incredibly infectious. It has an aura not so a base reproduction number of about 18, which means that every single Case can lead to about 18 secondary cases, which is huge. You need a really hire her to B&D to stop it being endemic and that needs the event 94% you need to have about 94 percent of your population immunized to protect everyone else and ideally above that but 94-95 is what you aim for we're actually currently quite a bit below that which means that in the UK measles still has a fairly good chance of becoming endemic again and indeed we're seeing are breaks all over the place often from children who were toddlers at the time of the Wakefield debacle intense whose parents got scared and didn't vaccinate them in Ireland were seeing mom said breaks. I've had three students this week email in to say they can't come in they have mumps and I'm like it. Well did 1706 called doesn't want its diseases back what but they are of an age where their parents would have come after the Wakefield. Saga would have been scared wouldn't have been sure of what to do and maybe thought they were taking a risk which they Defend and chose not to immunize. So this comes back to bite Us in the ass years after the fact as well. Yeah, interesting and well whilst we're talking about virus is spreading and propaganda fueling the fire. It's impossible not to mention the coronavirus and how that has escalated its you know, I'm writing a piece of that now actually and it's interesting cool. Can you share some on the yeah, I've I'm more interested in the conspiracy theories that are spreading around it because in a vacuum of information things can can go very strange. There's a few ideas as a man-made virus that Being created to you know, take down the Chinese economy by the Americans. It is not and it is pretty much just a member of the coronavirus the same family or SARS and mirrors which exists Jones scares people that I think what's very scary is when you ask a scientist or a doctor, how contagious is this how dangerous is it? The current answer is we don't actually know there's a few scenarios. We have different models with different envelopes of certainty. We think that the case s fatality rate is probably going to be around 1.4 percent but it probably would be lower because a lot of the people who are infected are probably asymptomatic or only mildly ill who aren't being caught in the hospitalization the 90,000 people, but I'm not sure by the time this podcast goes out how many more there will be but at the moment as of today on the 2nd of March is about 90,000 worldwide confirmed cases. That's probably a quite a large under estimate. It's probably a lot more people infected who aren't particularly symptomatic. Because this actually manifests for most people like a cold or flu and unless you so that makes the fatality rate go down. How dangerous is it going to be? There's a it depends how much control we get over it? How long before we have good Community Control how long before we have that antiviral drugs that will Target it. We're already looking at that will probably have that before we have a vaccine. We're probably looking at 12 to 18 months before we have a vaccine probably sooner for antiviral. Instead of specific to us because there are some that are already in testing for stars and mirrors that when that didn't become a big thing kind of went in the background. So it's in a vacuum of disinformation or in a vacuum of information people get scared and they make stuff up or conspiracy theorist make stuff up and then it all goes haywire and the who are actually saying that misinformation about the virus is actually currently as much if not more of a threat than the virus itself. That's very interesting. Ting I saw a really a great Facebook post actually the other day and I shouldn't say too much about it because obviously it's a Facebook friend of mine and I don't want to look like I'm being mean but it was basically talking about how it was clearly a Chinese conspiracy because now the Chinese have made the have made it they found the DNA or something and somebody posted on the comments of it a screenshot of an old debt old bottle that it said that it was effective against coronavirus saying see this has been around for ages. We've known about it for a really long time. And obviously anyone that knows anything about the coronavirus the coronavirus has been around for ages. This is a specific train of it strain of it's very and it's just obviously it's coronavirus is just the type of virus exactly the the the conspiracy theory that I saw at that might be in Facebook as well as that aerial shots of China have shown big thermal images of how they're burning all these bodies and actually fatalities are much more than anyone realizes. It's not the That they've claimed is more like 9,000 but you do see you see how it gets crazy. Oh, yeah, totally like that the other the other side of that though is I love conspiracy theories like they are so entertaining and this kind of like slightly intriguing idea that everything is controlled is somewhat liberating in a way because then you're like, oh well, I might as well not bother with life then because someone else is pulling the strings. It's a bit, you know, like it is this there's something about it and I certainly like I've watched A lot of the like the 911 conspiracy documentaries and it is just like it is for for whatever it the actual, you know, the truth or whatever. It's so interesting to read these ideas and when we spend so much time watching TV and in these TV shows all of these things are kind of happening as well. It's not that surprising that people believe it because it's just they're surrounded by all the time. It's a more. Entertaining idea that someone is pulling strings and this is all choreographed then the fact that everything's a series of random disasters and fuck-ups going into one another and no one is really in control of anything because we're all definitely like we are all slaves to random our city to some extent. I understand. I mean, I love conspiracy theories and I love the fact I often get like emails telling me I'm part of you Illuminati, and I kind of wondered if these people knew how accomplices I belongs to you. There's no internet. She'll conspiracy that would want to be a part of their ranks. I feel like oh, you're a liability. Yeah. Also, I tell people I get business cards printed. Yeah lunatic gasping. You've got that little triangle tattoo on your finger or something. You know what you know what I might I might get it. Anyway, I just just just to start a rumor that time I have like David Icke or someone trying to email me. Of course, of course when I say that I've had people come to be a talks and like dead serious go. Yeah, that's it. I see what you would say. If you're part of the conspiracy amazing. Okay, so question because I know that this is probably if people are listening to us they be like, right. So why is Coronavirus bad if it's just like the flu? Well, it's bad for a lot of reasons to flu still kills a hell of a lot of people like, I mean, it's bad flus can have seasonal mortality between 0.1 percent and up to 2% like typically Less than one but a bad flu can be above that and that's not great. And that's something we have a vaccine for we don't have a vaccine for Coronavirus. So if it gets endemic now of the cases we have and again information is still emerging by the time this comes out. This information could be added a about 80% of the cases so far that have been identified with PCR tests and laboratory tests have been considered mild as in you don't really medical intervention you go home. You recover your isolated. You're fine 20% Have not been mild and 5% have been serious. Right which means hospitalization if that came out and now it does disproportionately affect older people and people with compromised immune systems. And that might make us think our it's kind of safe. But remember an outbreak of flu a bad outbreak of flu can overwhelm hospitals, imagine a bad outbreak of coronavirus when we have no real treatment depart from symptomatic relief hospitals could absolutely be overwhelmed. That's not Ideal, so that's why for me that's what I'm scared of. I'm not scared of it being a super killer. I'm scared of it overwhelming our ability to be able to process and infectious. I know so that then if you you know, if you have a heart attack while the hospitals are full of people with coronavirus, then that's that's a problem. And also I think it's one of my biggest concerns as well as a health care professional is if everybody keeps getting put in two weeks of isolation then actually those everybody's are going to include nurses doctors paramedics police fire people you know and that's a real issue as well because it's also the you know the workload especially in the NHS at the moment is pretty much unmanageable so if you decimate the workforce by all of these methods and also ruin their holidays as well by not letting them go abroad everyone's getting more stressed out no one can buy alcohol gel before long we won't be able to get tuna what kind of life is this it exactly I mean let me know you're okay first we'll probably tuna I hope you're not putting the alcohol gel on the tuner because I don't know what sort of stick merely shooter and alcohol you can mark it that as I cure for Coronavirus I'm sure someone will buy it Probably quite probably so on that David. What can we do to best equip ourselves in terms of critical thought how can people challenge themselves a little bit more be a little bit more open-minded. So one of the things I would say is that the internet is a double-edged saber, okay on one hand, it allows the entire repository of human knowledge to be at a literal fingertips. Right on the other hand that also allows the greatest load of nonsense that perpetuate and we don't have the skills necessary. Sara Lee to differentiate between the twain that's the issue. So the first thing is long term I would like us to learn how to do that. And that's again was the motivation for writing the irrational ape. How could we learn these tricks to be able to you know, differentiate between the signal and the noise, but what I would say is the internet is a great resource and one way as well the who is website on covid-19 and is absolutely brilliant. The CDC resources are exits. Even the NHS or to a really good job, right? The information is out here from the NHS. That's a really bad rising. I love you Jess. But I mean like The Who and international body the CDC have huge American Funding the NHS do a great job keeping that information straight up to date and those resources should be our front line. That's where you go. Where do I get information from? We have to realize that Facebook bad reputable websites good and I think that's that's that's how do we so how do we deal with this? Well, instead of panicking all the time and panic is never useful in motion. It's good to be cautious. It's good to be Concerned but Panic is rarely useful emotion. And nor should we because that feeds into a culture of things getting worse and worse and and overwhelming our systems. So I think that we should get our Frontline information from the who the NHS the CDC these reputable bodies and this sounds really strange. We should follow the advice they give us wash your hands. Don't touch your face keep a meter or two distance for anyone who's coughing and if you have symptoms isolate yourself, Don't wear a mask in this you needed here in your a lesser in a health care setting or you are symptomatic yourself. I think people forget that masks are may need to stop you infecting other people when a surgeon wears a mask is cutting you they're not doing because they're afraid to you they're afraid of infecting you that's the you know, and if we and that's obviously what all these Health bodies are saying we have amazing resources in the form of our health bodies. Let's crazy idea. Let's listen to them and not Jim fucking core. I feel like that's the perfect sound bite to finish on there. I feel like is it but we did what at all but I know Emma was especially Keen that but were all fascinated by but perhaps if you can spare the time another time is antibiotic resistance. Well, that's that's scary. That scares me. Well, I think that scares a lot of people I feel like that's a hold a whole nother podcast in itself, and we probably could do justice now, but if you don't get too many complaints after this appearance, or I have to come back and apologize, dude. Second we definitely won't die that's been awesome because actually you're your book contains and I think it's quite good put guitar to put that in there one of my favorite ever quotes, which is Humanity's biggest problem is we have Paleolithic emotions medieval institutions and Godlike technology. And it's that good like technology that does just cause this Panic especially with the information how we spread out a little bit and I know that's not your quote. That's a EO Wilson, but I do really like that quote. So if we do want to better direct people where They can find out a little bit more about you your writing. Where can we send them David? So David Robert Grimes.com is where I occasionally update my stuff but on Twitter, I I float around. I'm not very good at Instagram. I float around on Facebook, but I get a lot of hate mail there. So I kind of felt oddly enough. I think I get more hate mail on Facebook that I get on Twitter, which is interesting because to dissuade medium, but maybe I have just mutant the worst people on Twitter and I'm not I'm not noticing it. No it is weird. That I feel like some platforms you get more hate on. You should try Instagram is quite it's mildly positive. Twitter just seems to be everyone is outraged about everything all the time. Is he? Okay. Everyone is angry on Twitter, but I'm angry all the time. I'm just far too lazy to tell ya but it's weird. It's where you start off as well. I mean I started on Twitter like 9 or 10 years ago, and it was just there and I am just very stuck in my ways and like I could learn that I don't know how to do that no it's too much effort yeah I'm gonna be I'm gonna go check out your Twitter walls with Jim core oh yeah yeah God I hope to though I actually do know what I said something very mean what's through the Irish abortion referendum and we so in Ireland we had an interesting situation I'll see if I can find it I think at this stage I might have gotten a bit of trouble over this one Jim chorus gym core is also very much into to abortion conspiracies and he's And second. He's very much easier, which that what's the conspiracy around abortion? Oh that there's a big, you know like that. It's you know that this thousands of babies being it's always babies being murdered. It's always like they're in pain. There's fetal pain this not none of that exists and I've written about that quite a bit. So Chief core said, I love this back in 2008. He said speaking as a former fetus. I'm against the killing it gets better. I'm against the killing of babies to which I retweeted it with Jim. Former fetus future corpse current hideous. I think he didn't like that very much. Yeah, it's it didn't it's amazing. Yeah, I think of them former features Jennifer back for about a year. That's actually how I would I was like, I'd say that I got well speaking as a former fetus because I'm gonna try to open a few conversations with that one Speaking as a former zygote, you know, blastocyte. I mean, let's go crazy. I'm speaking as perfect as half of a sperm cell Once Upon a Time. Like wait, where do you stop? Excellent? So we're going to hold you to that David next time antibiotics resistance. Is that okay? That's fantastic. And next time I won't give you the runaround on dates because I should have a calendar that works. Come on. I ask one more question. It's okay. You put you put out you put out. That's fine. Is there some story about you being like a sound engineer or something as well? I was a session musician. Once Upon a Time okay and if you don't do you do research on what Jim cool I did a paper and guitar physics a few years ago that went viral so I ended up playing guitar or different like TV networks and I was it was a bit surreal there is a video on YouTube of me slightly drunk on BBC World explaining guitar physics and by slightly drunk I actually quite Tipsy and I really had no I'm out having a drink my friend then oh come into the studio he said to taxi for you already and as I'm as I'm getting ready I'm like so this is the world Service when we go let's see him audiences over 120 million ho know how so then I'll just I'll be fine I'll sober up I don't look drunk I just look crazy so that's fine no crazy drunk and that's fine thank you so much for your time honestly that has been amazing that was awesome yeah I really enjoyed it so I hope it gave you something useful and if you pick up the sound files if you want them if you need pickup or anything else just let me know yeah thank you to all our listeners thank you for listening as you usually do please do go on Instagram please do take David check him out let us know what you think of it this this is a bit of an emotive one we've we've covered a lot of quite emotive bones of contention on the podcast before but I think this one will be especially so yeah we look forward to your reviews but as always check us out let us know what you think and we will end in the usual fashion goodbye bye-bye