Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word of God. I'm able to settle down. and find peace and fully rest And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. making sure that your head is resting on your pillow. And your body? Is laying all the way down. removing all tension and allowing yourself. to fall deeply into the bed letting every limb release. and just relax if you have your hands clasped or in a fist Go ahead and let those go now. Putting your hands to your sides. making sure that you are fully relaxed. Go ahead and take a deep breath in. breathing slowly and then breathing out. Go ahead and take another deep breath in this time breathing in Breath of God. Allowing his breath to fill your lungs. And then breathing out. And breathing out all worried. all fear And all anxiety. breathing in slowing down the pace of your mind and your thoughts and your heart breathing out all tension Everything that makes you stress. and really getting into a slower pace Holy Spirit We invite you into this time. Have your way. in our thoughts in our sleep in our dreams and choose this day. Daniel chapter 6 Darius decided to appoint a hundred and twenty say traps over the kingdom station throughout the realm and over them three administrators including Daniel. He say tribes would be accountable to them. So the king would not be de frauded Daniel distinguished himself above the administrators and say traps because he had an extraordinary spirit. So the king plan to set him over the whole realm the administrators and see drops. Therefore kept trying to find a charge against Daniel. Regarding the kingdom, but they could find no charge or corruption for he was trustworthy and no negligence or corruption was found in him. And these men said we will never find any charge against this Daniel unless we find something against him concerning the law of his God. So the administrators and say traps went together to the king and said to him. Making Darius live forever all the administrators of the Kingdom. The prefect's say traps advisors and governors have agreed that the king should establish an ordinance and enforce an edict that for 30 days anyone who petitioned any God or man, except you the king will be thrown into the lions den. Therefore your majesty establish the edict and sign the documents so that as a law of the medes and Persians it is irrevocable and cannot be changed So King Darius signed the written edict. When Daniel learned that the document had been signed he went into his house the windows in it's upstairs room open torture Islam and three times a day. He got down on his knees prayed and gave thanks to his God just as he had done before then these men went as a group and found Daniel petitioning and imploring his God. So they approached the king and asked about his edict didn't you sign and eat it that for 30 days? Any person who petitions any God or man, except you the king will be thrown into the lions den. The king answered as a law of the medes and Persians the order stands and is irrevocable. And they reply to the King Daniel. One of the Judean Exiles has ignored you the king and the edict you signed. For he prays three times a day as soon as the king heard this he was very displeased. He set his mind on rescuing Daniel and made every effort until sundown to deliver him. Then these men went together to the king and said to him, you know, your majesty that it is a law of the medes and the Persians at no edict or ordinance. The king establishes can be changed. So the king gave the order and they brought Daniel and threw him into the lions den. The king said to Daniel may your God whom you continually serve rescue you. Stone was brought and placed over the mouth of the den the king sealed it with his own Signet ring. And with the Signet rings of his Nobles, so to nothing in regard to Daniel could be changed. Then the king went to his Palace and spent the night fasting. No diversions were brought to him and he could not sleep. At the first light of dawn the king got up and hurried to the Lion's Den when he reached the den. He cried out in anguish to Daniel. Daniel servant of the Living God the king said has your God whom you continually serve been able to rescue you from the Lions. Then Daniel spoke with the King May the King live forever. My God sent his Angel and shut the Lions mouths. And they haven't harmed me for I was found innocent before him and also before you your majesty. I have not done harm. The King was overjoyed and gave orders to take Daniel out of the den when Daniel was brought up from the den. He was found to be unharmed for he trusted in his God. The king then gave the command and those men who had maliciously accused Daniel were brought and thrown into the lions den. They their children and their wives They had not reached the bottom of The Den before the Lions overpowered them and crushed all their bones. Then King Darius wrote to those of every people nation and language who live on the whole earth mayor Prosperity abound I issue a decree that in all my Royal domain in people must tremble and fear before the god of Daniel. For he is the Living God and he endures forever his kingdom will never be destroyed and his Dominion has no end. He rescues and delivers. He performs signs and wonders in the heavens and on the earth for he has rescued Daniel from the power of the Lions. So Daniel prospered during the reign of Darius and the reign of Cyrus the Persian Daniel chapter 7 Daniel's vision of the four beasts in the first year of King belshazzar of Babylon Daniel had a dream with Visions in his mind and he was lying in his bed. He wrote down the dream and here is the summary of his account. Daniel said in my vision at night. I was watching and suddenly the Four Winds of Heaven stirred up the great sea for huge piece came up from the sea each different from the other. The first was like a lion, but had Eagle's Wings. I continued watching until its wings were torn off. It was lifted up from the ground. Set on its feet like a man and given a human mind. suddenly another Beast appeared a second one that looked like a bear. It was raised up on one side with three ribs in its mouth between its teeth. It was told get up. Gorge yourself on flash after this while I was watching suddenly another Beast appeared. It was like a leopard with four wings of a bird on its back. It had four heads and it was given Dominion. After this while I was watching in the night visions suddenly a fourth Beast appeared frightening and Dreadful and incredibly strong with large iron teeth it devoured and crushed and it trembled with its feet. Whatever was left. It was different from all the beasts before it and it had ten thorns. While I was considering the horns suddenly another horn a little one came up among them and three of the first horns were uprooted before it. And suddenly in this horn there were eyes like the eyes of a human and a mouth. I was speaking arrogantly. As I kept watching Thrones were set in place and the Ancient of Days took his seat. His clothing was white like snow and the hair on his head like widest wool. His throne was flaming fire. It's Wheels were blazing fire. A river of fire was flowing coming out from his presence thousands upon thousands served him. Ten Thousand Times Ten Thousand stood before him the court was convened and the books were opened. I watched then because of the sound of the Arrogant words the horn was speaking. As I continued watching the Beast was killed and its body destroyed and given over to the burning fire. As for the rest of the beasts. Their Dominion was removed. But an extension of life was granted to them for a certain period of time I continued watching in the night visions and suddenly one like a son of man was coming with the Clouds Of Heaven. He approached the Ancient of Days. And was escorted before him. He was given dominion and glory and a kingdom so that those of every people nation and language should serve him. His Dominion is an everlasting Dominion that will not pass away and his kingdom is one that will not be destroyed. As for me Daniel, my spirit was deeply distressed Within Me. And the Visions in my mind terrified me. I approached one of those who were standing by and asked him to clarify all this so he let me know the interpretation of these things. These huge Beasts for a number are Four Kings who will rise from the Earth, but the holy ones. Of the most high will receive the kingdom. And possessive forever. Yes forever and ever. Then I wanted to be clear about the fourth Beast the one different from all the others extremely terrifying with iron teeth and bronze claws devouring crushing and trampling with its feet. Whatever was left. I also wanted to know about the 10 horns on its head and about the other horn that came up before which three fell the horn that had eyes and a mouth that spoke arrogantly and that looked bigger and the others. As I was watching this horn waged war against the holy ones. I was prevailing over them. Until the Ancient of Days arrived and a judgment was given in favor of the Holy ones. Of the most high for the time had come and the holy ones took possession of kingdom. This is what he said. The fourth Beast will be a fourth Kingdom on the Earth different from all the other kingdoms. It will devour the whole earth trample it down and crush it. The ten horns are Ten Kings. Will rise from his kingdom. Another king different from the previous ones will rise after them and subdue Three Kings. He will speak words against the most high and oppressed the holy ones of the most high. He will intend to change religious festivals and laws and the holy ones will be handed over to him for a Time. times and half time The court will convene and his Dominion will be taken away to be completely destroyed forever. The kingdom dominion and greatness of the kingdoms under all of heaven will be given to the people the holy ones of the most high his kingdom will be an everlasting Kingdom and all rulers will serve and Obey him. This is the end of the account as for me Daniel. My thoughts terrified me greatly and my face turned pale, but I kept the matter to myself. In the third year of King belshazzar's rain a vision appeared to me. Daniel after the one that had appeared to me earlier. I saw the vision and as I watched I was in The Fortress city of Susa in the province of a lamb. I saw in the vision that I was beside the you lie canal. I looked up and there was a ram standing beside the canal. He had two horns. The two horns were long, but willing was longer than the other. And the longer one came up last. I saw the ram charging to the West the North and the South no animal could stand against him. And there was no rescue from his power. He did whatever he wanted and became great. As I was observing a male goat appear coming from the west across the surface of the entire Earth without touching the ground. The goat had a conspicuous horn between his eyes. He came toward the two-horned ram. I had seen standing beside the canal and rushed at him with Savage Fury. I saw him approaching the ram. And infuriated with him, he struck the ram breaking his two horns, and the ram was not strong enough to stand against him. The goat through to the ground and trampled him and there was no one to rescue the Ram from his power. Then the male goat acted even more arrogantly. But when he came powerful the large horn was broken for conspicuous horns came up in its place. pointing for the Four Winds of Heaven from one of them a little horn emerged and grew extensively toward the South and the east and toward the beautiful land it grew as high as the Heavenly Army made some of the army and some of the stars fall to the Earth. And trampled them. It acted arrogantly even against the prince of the Heavenly Army. Revoked his regular sacrifice and overthrew the place of his sanctuary. In the Rebellion the Army was given up together, but the regular sacrifice the horn through truth to the ground and it was successful in what it did. Then I heard a Holy One speaking and another Holy One said to the speaker. How long will the events of this Vision last? They're regular sacrifice the Rebellion that makes desolate and they giving over of the sanctuary and of the army to be trampled. He said to me for 2300 evenings and morning's then the sanctuary will be restored. While I Daniel was watching the vision and trying to understand it there stood before me someone who appeared to be a man. I heard a human voice calling from the middle of the you lie, Gabriel explain the vision to this man. So we approach where I was standing when he came near I was terrified and fell face down son of man. He said to me understand that the vision refers to the time of the end. While he was speaking to me, I fell into a deep sleep with my face to the ground, but he touched me made me stand up and said I am here to tell you what will happen at the conclusion of the time of Wrath because it refers to the appointed time of the end. The two-horned ram that you saw represents the kings of media and Persia the Shaggy go represents the king of Greece and the large horn between his eyes represents the first king the four horns that took the place of the broken horn represent four kingdoms. They will rise from that Nation, but without its power Near the end of Their Kingdoms when the rebels have reached the full measure of their sin a ruthless King skilled and Intrigue will come to the throne. His power will be great, but it will not be his own he will cause outrageous destruction and succeed in whatever he does. He will destroy the powerful along with the holy people. He will cause deceit to prosper through his cunning and by his influence and in his own mind, he will exalt himself. He will destroy many in a time of Peace. He will even stand against the prince of princes yet who will be broken not by human hands the vision of the evenings and the mornings that has been told is true. Now you are to seal up the vision because it refers to many days in the future. I Daniel was overcome and lay sick for days then I got up and went about the king's business. I was greatly disturbed by the vision and could not understand it.