Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me.So actually thinking not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic coordinates that we use? Well, you know left right? That is something that we Orient ourselves very well, but you know that left can mean very many things and quite a lot of people find it difficult to spontaneously be able to say where is left and where is right and when you speak to somebody who's facing you his or her left is completely on your right and vice versa. Also, it seems that these two directions should be symmetrical as in it doesn't really matter whether It's right or left. But if you actually go a little bit into the words or the Linguistics of it the word right seems right while the world left seems somewhat, you know left most people have their right hand as their right hand and only majority have the right hand from their left hands the more powerful. The more skillful hand is usually right. It's also the synonym in English for correct when you are right you are right. You're not left and when you go into To some Latin languages. The word for left is Sinestro which you know resembles very much the English Sinister. So, you know all the way from the beginning even politically speaking the word right sort of more right more. Correct more proper more elegant more more. Yeah better than the word left. There is really no symmetry there. So let's take some sort of a more basic orientation for example up and down. Up and down that's easy right up and down every child can point immediately towards the direction of up. So if you try to point in the direction up now, you think you're pointing up, but in fact, you're not really pointing up you're pointing away from the center of gravity which isn't up you are not on the North Pole for starters and we've sort of agree that the north is up, although of course, it isn't. But even if the northern magnetic center of the magnetic north northern point on the globe would be North if you're not a man on the Northern exactly on North you're not really pointing North you're not pointing up when you're pointing up. So for example here in Prague when I point up I'm pointing, you know, let's say 30 30 He's away from up. So let's take a more Galactic look at up. Now. How should I be should up be up from the circling of our solar system or should you actually be looking up as in a way from the spin of our Milky Way our galaxy know if you of course looked on the night sky, which you have many times. I sure I'm sure you've seen on the dark. Light you seen the our galaxy The Milky Way and it still didn't really really weird way. I mean, it isn't even 45 degrees. It's like we're tilted in a weird way. So, you know next time you look at the Milky Way try to take the right angle from the Milky Way and that if anything is is up, so I have a small little exercise for you. I like to sort of construct these exercises which helped me, you know be creative and leave aside the world as we are sort of born into it next time you lying on a field in the dark night and the night is really dark and there is as little Moon and other lights as possible, you know, when you are lying there with your beloved or with your children or with a friend and when you're looking up the sky up to the skies when you're looking up to the Stars just try and imagine because you Need imagination to realize that you're not really looking up into the Stars try and imagine that you're looking down into the stars. Now this seems easy, but it isn't that easy. We've been taught that up is away from the center of gravity for so long. It is so intuitive that it will take you a couple of minutes. It took me a couple of minutes to actually really get to the grip with the fantasy that I'm looking down into the stars and then the moment that that fantasy actually work. Works when you sort of bought in you will find out that that moment you grip the grass with your hands and that you are actually help grateful that some unseen force keeps you stuck at the ceiling of Earth not allowing you or breaking your fall towards the depth of the Stars. So that's exercise. Number one exercise number two, which is even more difficult and even icon very often do it is try to look that hard to imagine that you're looking. Into the side stars as in sideways or when I'm driving a car for a long long time and the rate the road is straight and I'm slightly bored. I tried to imagine that I'm not going straight but I'm going up or sideways or downwards. Well, you can play with this as long as you wish so, you know that up could be down and down could be up. There's another thing that you need a lot of imagination. Nation to actually come to grips with and that is the speed at which you are moving right now now intuitively, it seems that you're at rest the table in front of you or the tree that you see is is at rest and if there is no wind blowing there is nothing that suggests that we are traveling at much more than 500,000 kilometers an hour right now as we speak. We're not standing on the earth. We are skyrocketing. The Earth spinning in unbelievable convulsive motion into the depth of the universe at this almost at this more than half a million kilometers per hour. Now, you need a lot of fantasy to realize that. In fact, I bet that you can't even imagine the speed of 500 thousand kilometers an hour. I can't but that's the way it is and my point here is that you need a lot. A lot of imagination a lot of fantasy to actually imagine the the way things really are because we're not stationary the Earth is not flat another nice example of this these basic coordinates is east and west the house sun rises and how some sets now some doesn't really rise because we don't live in a geocentric system of stars, but we live in a solar Centric system. Planets with which the sun is in the middle of our planetary system. So the sun doesn't really rise. There is no edge of the Earth around which it could pop up and Rise nor. Is there any way even if the Earth is round the sun doesn't revolve around the earth, so it doesn't rise if anything it's the Earth rotating towards the sun. That's what we should. Call the sunrise and the sunset is US rotating away from the from The Shining of our nearest star called the Sun. So even even the very things that we say on daily basis not just left and right not just up and down but even sunrise and sunset isn't really sunrise and that isn't really Sunset. It's a residual it's a linguistic residual from the times when we believe that the sun is revolving around the earth and that conceptus, of course. Wrong in Slavic languages and check in particular we even called the East we got which means Sunrise side and West is sunset sides apart. So even in these basic coordinates of our language and time and space you can you have to be really creative to realize that the words that you are using and hearing are actually completely old school and And our thinking has a rot lot of inertia and we don't even realize it. So just I think with what I'd like to leave you is that in order to think creatively you need a lot of fantasy a lot of abstraction a lot of abstract mathematical models and you need to sort of cognitively use them. M to realize that above you is not really up and that the sun doesn't rise nor does it say is the nor does it set you need a lot of fantasy to realize how things really are and not to fall into the wrong image that stars are above us and that the sun rises or that the sun sets. It actually requires a lot of fantasy to imagine that you are not the center of the world there. Has been your checkmate.