Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk? Look, she's very like, how are you doing? Do you need to talk today? Yeah have a little but then Didn't know I did not talk about sex with my parents. No, no, no, no and I felt like and now as an adult, I know that my mom talked to my sister about sex because of puberty and having a period and blue kids periods. If you have to talk about you have to you can period yeah. Yeah, you can't just let your child bleed bleed. No, no, but my dad took more the route of like Oh, I told you that you need to like wash your dick and yeah, we're good. Yeah, great. Yeah, the hygiene everything else was Google sure simple Google searches, but the internet is really like an important place for sex education and what it all taught ya us. I had a Tumblr blog. Hmm for that I think are probably a lot of us had something like that and What they're going to have in the future are amazing books like this book about consent that are amazing guest today Paulina Pinsky is writing with her. Dad. Dr. Drew who you may have heard of he's just like a doctor just a doctor for regular sex celebrity doctor, you know, I love that. I love them for Paulina because she's so open and like so willing and giving that like this this book is going to be such a great. Great pop it's going to be a gift for us all yeah, let's jump in. Hi everybody. That's Villa. And that's Dana and weird saying go. Thank you for coming Paulina. You are so welcome. And that was so adorable. We get that a lot. Yeah, it's a good as a long time to figure out that one. Yeah, but we're here and there's my cat very early in the episode this week Paulina. Thank you so much for coming. Truly. My pleasure. Paulina is a writer she got her in my face. That nonfiction creative writing at Columbia. You've been published so many places the Tango blog Huffington Post MTV News Columbia Journal F-bomb your professor to look at you you're all which I love we've all had a sketch-comedy set happily. All the best people do all the math, right? So sounds like we got we have a lot to dive into but when we have the last time we chatted with you you were writing a piece for us about squirting. Yes. I was which is today one of my favorites and is still on the Tango blog. So everyone should go read it. Yes on squirting the the squirting Journey has your squirting Journey. Oh, you know still squirting just it's it opened a Floodgate, you know, it's something that I can't stop doing now, really And it was really frustrating for a long time because I was recently fell in love and I was washing my sheets four times a week. Sure lucky for me. I have a washer and dryer in unit. Well necessary if you're at four times a week. Oh, yeah. Yeah, so I had a real problem. And so I Googled what to do if you squirt and there's this blanket called The Liberator stop. It's a literal. Get that you put on and it's like one side is fell and one side is silk and it kind of feels like there's like crinkle paper in it. Yeah, but if you squirt on it captures everything it doesn't touch the bed. And so now I just throw this blanket in you don't square blanket. I really do so, it's like I have questions. So it's like a blanket that you throw on top of the sheets that you already have set kind of like when like Allah throwing a towel down. Yeah. Yeah. Okay great, but it's like a nice blank. It's a it's a nice. Like it. Mine is cherry red because I've done blanket thing and I was going through like three to four blanket. I mean towels. Yeah done everything. I possibly could yeah, but yesterday my landlord came to fix some things and it was hanging on the the washer and dryers and closet and it was hanging on the doors and he was like looking at the dryer and he's like, hey can cannot wait. Can you can you take this and he grabbed the blanket no and handed it to me and my roommate and I were like Squirting and thankfully, it was like clean ran into another room and busted up. He doesn't know but what about the rest of sex fluids? Right? Like I'm still kind of rotating my sheets and duvet covers like every few days The Liberator has kind of taken care of everything. Wow. It's a bit pricey it. About $100 but I'm using it so frequently and it's paying for itself. Absolutely. I'm not getting another one quite frankly and you get a different color the same color. I mean, I love the red I think red is a sexy color. Do you have it felt side up or soak Side Up. It depends on how dry it is because the one flaw of it is that when you put it in the dryer because if you don't delicates, it is sometimes ball up in on itself and so our stay kind of wet and so you have to hang it up. Yeah, so Like we had sex the night before and I wash it and dry it and it's like a little damp then I'll put the silk side up. Yeah, but I think I prefer the felt side because it almost feels like it's absorbing it a little bit better. Uh, what happens if it's dirty, We throw some towels down. Hope for the best. Sure. Yeah, it's it's it's a constant. It's a struggle. I mean is a constant Journey. It sounds like because like, well, I have no experience with this. So I don't know how I can like possibly relate as an individual but I just like sex is dirty sex is messy. Yeah and like it should be absolutely I mean, there's fluid there's always fluids involved tons of food. It's so many fluid. There's nothing you can do about it. But sometimes the foods are good. Oh, they're so fun. I mean honestly, I almost feel like everyone should get a liberator is like a starter pack. It's like here's your condoms. And here's your Liberator. Yeah. Yeah start normalizing the fluids early truly. It's you know, someone told me recently which blew my mind someone that my friend dated. Whoo. I'm not gonna say anything else after sex She would put a condom. I mean sorry not a condom a tampon in to absorb the fluid. You know, what which I thought sounded so unhealthy and let it drip out. Oh, you know you have to pee after sex people have the most individual unique cell set unique sex hygiene habits because everyone learns it on their own like I had a friend who when they were growing up masturbating. They every single time masturbated into a sock and then just threw that individual sock into the laundry and I was like that is so different than my set hygiene like but I had never even thought about that, you know, like you really like come up with it. I mean, I'm assuming that he wasn't doing his own laundry. I was gonna say yeah, it's like a bomb is get up that ladder and also who wants to wear that sock after you coming in. How come socks and feet? A lot of socks. No, it's super interesting. I'm actually writing a book with my dad about consent. Oh amazing. Yeah, so it's for your 12 to 19 year olds, and it's really been very challenging because the way we talk about consent is strictly in legal term. Yes, and so there isn't a lot. So ultimately you have to start from a place of knowing yourself, right? You have to be able to trust yourself have compassion for yourself and know your own boundaries and And I've been realizing as we've been writing this book is that I really don't know my own boundaries. This year's to learn them. It's so hard. I mean from the get-go. There's been so many things that have taught me that I shouldn't have boundaries and that I should always say, yes. Yeah, and now I'm getting to a point where I do not know how to say no and I consider myself to be brass Bowl Brave, you know, and someone who knows them self. And yeah, I do not respect my own boundaries because I don't know what they are. Right. Do you feel that part of that comes from? You know to know all sides of your boundaries, that's both the side that feel really comfy and also the parts of when you've reached the limit of your boundary and then knowing what that limit is just from reaching it. Well, that's part of I think learning yourself through sexual interaction is that there is bound to be things that are going to push your boundaries. Yeah and part of learning about he's as you said is traversing them and Crossing them and knowing okay. I'm never going to do that again something that I've been sort of Traveling within my own life is what is the difference between you know, a full-blown assault and a sexual misstep, right? Yeah, you know, obviously if you say no and someone goes forward that's great. That's an assault but what happens if something happens and you freeze up and you didn't say no, but then after the fact you talked about it and he felt closure, you know, it's something that I've been struggling with because it's something that I experienced myself and it's violating. For sure, but also at the same time in my experience in that moment, I didn't say no. Yeah, it's complicated. It's super complicated. I think that you have to be really patient with yourself and really forgiving with yourself about when you've decided to Advocate and when you weren't able to and like recognizing your own ability to take control and also recognizing power dynamics, right like they're obviously in I'll Mentor you don't advocate for yourself and say no doesn't mean that there wasn't power at play that made it impossible for you to speak up. Yeah, I mean sex is power. Yeah. I mean it's entangled in the act itself. I mean, there's power dynamics and everything. Oh, yeah. I've been playing a game with my current lover partner right now called who's the top down and one of us will eventually say them in every session but like I mean, it's true. It's a true power moment. Who's the top now? We still don't know if anyone has ideas. I mean, I wouldn't isn't the game that it's a constantly shifting and again the best sex. I that I've had it's a constant negotiation. And yeah, it's not purely a top or a bottom. I love truly. I mean like I self-identified as a top but top energy. Yeah. This is a table of jobs. Became a goal of mine to become truly verse because I wanted to go on a sexual Journey where I was in so limited to just being a top. So yeah, I feel like the true like if you want to have just like amazing sex like the goal is to become verse because then yeah, there's just so much more. There's literally double the amount of things that you can do and with it's true. Okay, let's go back to the book because I want my son. Let's go back to the beginning. Oh my God. Yeah, so you're writing a book with your dad. But speaking about your dad and where everything starts with sex is the birds and the bees right? So the really fun thing about my life is that my dad talked about sex on the radio in Los Angeles. Hmm. So my dad is dr. Drew the Celebrity Rehab guy Teen Mom guy most people on the east coast and also, you know the years not 2011 or 1996 go who and that's great. That's fine with me. Yeah. I'm finally got but when I was a kid my dad Gabe medically based sex advice on the radio and this is actually something that I'm writing about him writing a piece for human parts on medium about what it was like to be raised by the guy who's talking about sex on the radio and how that impacted me when I was in the third grade my mom looked at me on the way to ice skating practice and was like when you lose your virginity your father's gonna broadcast broadcast it on the radio. Oh my God, and so the third grade I was eight years old. Old and I and you're like what's virginity my nipples had just gotten puffy, you know, like nothing had really hot. Like I was just starting to become a woman and he's really meant my new ways and I understand her fear because in a certain way she was saying you are going to be scrutinized in a different way than other people, but that also taught me I can't have sex. I need to be a virgin for the rest of my life and so not going I only wear white. My hymen is intact. Yeah, and so I asked I asked my Dad recently when he remembers giving you the birds and bees and supposedly on the like I was in the car with him with my mom and my brothers. I'm a triplet also. So wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wow, so the twin are you really? Yeah, which one brother shut up? Yeah your twin. Yeah. I deeply respect the twin triplet people that okay, we have to talk about that because I have such a hard. Time articulating what the experience of being a multiple is a multiple. I love where multiple we are all double. I mean, it's amazing to develop at the same time as someone wait. Yes. Okay, would you say tell me that girls develop faster than boys and that you're always four years ahead of your brother. No. No, you have a special brother different in different in different ways developing faster. Sure. Do I still booked his plane reservations when he needs to go somewhere? Yeah, right. Like if he needs to rent a car does he still asked me how to do that? Yeah, but like when you are being socialized at the same Pace, I think the idea of development changes, right? Because when you think of a development you think of puberty you think of like a really strict Milestones pubic hair? Masturbation getting a bra period was I hitting those Milestones before my brother? Absolutely. Yes. Did I have my period before like he was like masturbating? Probably I actually don't know. Maybe I'll ask him you sure yeah, like I don't I don't know like physically and then of course in terms of maturity like yeah, he's a dumb boy, but like we were being socialized at the same Pace with the same lifestyle of Of going to parties at the same time drinking for the first time together. I was with him when I smoked weed for the first time. So in terms of like development, I kind of break it down into like those two that's important. I think in my family I was my socialization was a bit more gendered in that my parents were very fixated on my weight and what I was eating whereas with my brother's it was like football and they were in Pop Warner football while I was ice-skating right? And so those Two very different sports and they're also very gendered spawn. There's two of them and there's two of them. And so they kind of probably have more of a twin relationship and you did and I like I'm sort of exceptional in the trio. I mean, what a good thing to be though? Yeah, a really hard thing growing up. But yeah you grow into he's grown adult hood. It's I mean, I was ruthless. I mean I was physically taller and I saw that I had to be dominant. Yeah and So I would just you know pin them down to the ground and like fart in their faces, you know, as one got yeah, and I think what I wasn't able to see is that my gender made me more powerful in their eyes. And so I didn't have to beat the shit out of them, you know. Yeah, and so because you also held the key to knowledge about women, right which I learned with my brother as well. And yeah, we definitely gave each other advice like I remember once I was like sad about Boy, and he was like Dana if a guy likes you he'll tell you and I was like 16 and I was like what it's that simple. There's no way it's that simple. It's so complicated on the other guy. He's a killing. It's pretty simple. Like you'll just know because like the whole like ask you out or tell you and I was like, how dare this species be so beautiful in here listen, but like yeah, I remember him. Like 16 16 year-old nugget see we were so I think ice skating really I mean first of all did its damage on me multiple ways, but I don't it's kind of weird. I think our reaction to being seen as a trio was to try to be distinctive rather than a unit and I think that we're still sort of handling the repercussions of that and try to rectify that sort of singleness rather than being together. They're okay. So and now back to like now, that's good. Get the birds and the bees all together. So we did apparently I was sitting in the car and I was like Dad what's up with this whole penis and vagina thing and he was like, are you sure you want to hear about that? And he like took it as the opportunity we were all there and he started talking about it. I was like, I think I was in the sixth grade, but I remember it differently. I remember and it's a little unclear about which one happened first, but I think logically probably the car thing. And then my dad came back with a stuffed STD virus that he got as a promo at the radio station. It was syphilis and he satis down at the formal dining table that we only use on holidays and was like, we're going to talk about this and I like school already talked about this but most of that reaction was because I was so afraid of him talking to me about it because in my mind I had to be virginal for my entire life and if he ever found out that I had sexual impulses then He would blast it on the radio. Obviously. This is all neuroses is like baby Paulina dealing with like, you know her anxiety more than anything on the shame about sex for women. That's there. No matter who your dad is for sure and you know, the early 2000s what model was there for liberated female sexuality that wasn't a porn star or a villainized I mean sex in the city's the only thing and I didn't watch Sex in the City. No, I was not allowed to watch them. No, no, I Wasn't I there my mom would watch it and I would sit on the floor outside her bedroom with the door with her door open and she found out later on like I told her like within us. Wow, he used to sit there and watch it. She had no idea. So the thing that oh my God, I just completely lost my thought this parking get cut out. I had a very clear thought about something that you were saying. Well, what were you saying before Sex in the City virginity of a oh what I was going to say Was I'm and isn't it interesting that we already from such a young age have decided what kind of adult we want to be and what kind that we have an idea picture of who we want to be, you know, all like the unpacking that I did as a child of like trying to prevent myself from presenting gay was because I had already a predisposed notion that I needed a wife that I needed to have kids that I was going to do these things in order to please my parents. My entire model was that I needed to be perfect from the get-go and I wasn't really celebrated for my intellect. I'm fact I went to a really rigorous private school and the teacher was like you're never going to make it in this school like your heads in the clouds your ass dumb Valley Girl essentially and I was like, all right. I'm stupid. I'm stupid. I'm stupid and people only told me how pretty I was my entire childhood, which tell me I'm pretty but also at the same time. I'm it was cold Coco's. What's the word? I'm looking for comorbid with sort of thinness that good the sort of my perception of beauty was thinness and people for a lot of people it still is and it still is and that's something that I've had to completely disinfect from and down to what I the media I consume is antithetical to the standard of beauty that is purported by Victoria's Secret. Yeah, but you know, I Also in a rigorous spores in which everybody was on a diet and you know child abuse abound yeah. I was like one of the good ones, you know, like my mom wasn't hitting me with a hairbrush. Yeah, so it's it's complicated and it's all if I were the self that I thought I was going to be at this point. I would have toured with Disney on Ice. I'd be a hundred twenty pounds and I'd still be wearing low-rise jeans. You know, let's bring the low-rise jeans that I don't know. I had a pair of jeans that were my favorite pair of jeans and my luggage got lost on a family trip to Arizona and I was eight and I think about those jeans at least once a year. I just He was such a funny are aware. Like clothes were supposed to look like they were always constantly falling off your body. Just like trippin. Well, you were supposed to be skeletal. You're right. Yeah. I've been watching The Sopranos for the first time the first time for the first time. I'm so late what I've never seen it you need to watch it. Yeah, it's excellent writing and acting of course jealous. You get to see it for the first time. I'm loving it and all the women who are naked are the same body type over and over and over. Over again and watching and I'm like, no wonder my self-esteem was so bad as a kid. Yeah. That's the 90s too, right? Yeah. Just one model then white that's it. Big boobs usually fake. You know, they can't flop to the side. Yeah. How dare they how dare they yeah. It's It's interesting. I mean I teach 19 year olds and no matter what there's a standard being set for them. It's Kylie Jenner, right? And that's an even more kind of inaccessible Beauty standard because it requires a actual plastic surgeons have money so much money and I was sitting on the train and I saw so many lip fillers. Yes on young young young women, and I'm sort of thinking what's going to happen when lip fillers aren't it anymore? And you have what colors in are you going to go get them dissolve? That's more money. Right all I mean, it's mostly a moneyed if aesthetic and same with it - I mean you have to be able to afford healthy food and you have to be able to afford exercise classes, but it's less legible on your body, right? Whereas with plastic surgery. You can see the dollar amount. Yeah on the person. Yeah. Yeah. It's I mean, that's another thing that I want to write about like a Huge piece of yeah, I mean like it's a class thing. I mean you walk around and everyone knows the going rate for fillers and you see someone just got a new job does everyone know that going 600-mile and you you walk around and you see someone who just got pumped up. You're like, yes. I know you just drop 600 on your lips. Wow, you know, like that's how people see it. Yes, so I'm curious about like what the journey was like to get to the point of like that dining table Yeah to writing a book with your dad about dude. It's been long and confusing basically what happened. I had a pretty serious eating disorder from ages like 12 to 19. And when I went to college it was like the first time I was not trying to lose weight, but I gained a bunch of weight and all of a sudden I was like normal people don't vomit all the time. Like that's that's weird. And so I God help and then I went back to my parents told them about it my mom when I told her I was bulimic she told me to get my teeth checked and so I wrote a piece about it because that's what I do. And so I wrote a piece of my College Newspaper and six months later. It went National and I was like on CNN The View Entertainment Tonight extra and I the day that it happened I was in a feminist discussion group or and because that's what you do when you go to bars. And someone tweeted at me. Hey great, New York Post article and I was like what article and I googled myself and it was like a hundred hits of like, dr. Drew's bulimic and anorexic daughter. Looks like they have picked up the article that was like really nuanced and beautifully written and heartwarming and pulled the quote out about get your teeth checked and then was like, she blames her mother for the eating disorder. How did dr. Do not see this and so I ran into a stairwell and just started, you know, hyperventilating because it was Sort of a manifestation of my worst fear, but it just wasn't my virginity being glass. Yeah. Yeah. It was like an even darker secret. Yeah certain way. Yeah, and so I called my dad and he was like you don't have to do this and I was like no to be the change of the media that I want to see you know, and so I went and I had bleached my hair and my roots were like super long and I was like going yellow and I called my hairdresser and I was like I need to come in. I'm gonna be on national news tomorrow. So I got my hair bleached and I called my therapist. And she was like, why are you feeling the need to do your hair? Like isn't that antithetical to the body positive message? Like shouldn't you just show up as you are and I was like no like if America is going to hear me I have to do it their way, you know, and so I like looked like a senator's wife the next day on CNN with my legs crossed and like wow, you know respectable high-collared, you know thing with like spray paint all my face. That's I mean, that's not true. They'd like do airbrush. Yeah. It's like is equivalent, especially like you can with scrape off the makeup like and it would be stuck on your fingernails. Yeah, so so that happened so that happened and now it's like did that basically like open up a conversation that like there was a level of honesty between you and your parents that you hadn't had before for sure. But also at the same time that made people in the media industry aware of me sure and so that Kind of Lent to a selling Dynamic right because they're just interested in making money. Yeah, they don't really care about the interpersonal nature. Sure. That's an additional thing. Ultimately the father-daughter dynamic is something that hasn't been really done on TV successfully. Well, yeah, I mean, it's it's kind of amazing when I heard that you were like working with your father to write this book like to be writing a for a young woman to be writing a book with her father. Father about sex like it kind of I mean, it's amazing. I could never talk to my father about sex in any capacity. It's very cerebral. It's never really personal and then when it does get personal I could kind of feel him shut down a little bit. But also, I think that that's something that we're working through because I'm such an open and transparent person and I'm really not that way with my family like I just shut down and I think that's like years of, you know, being anorexic and bulimic in a family that isn't recognizing So I sort of follow back into that mode but it's really been interesting because he comes from such a scientific perspective. Whereas I'm more of a social social cultural historical perspective. Yeah, and so we kind of end up bumping heads in certain ways, but I think it's actually really interesting because we end up strengthening each other's arguments. Yeah. That being said, I still haven't like really grasp the fact that I'm writing a Sex book with my dad. You know, like if you can send book it is a consent book. Yeah, it's not explicitly like p&v, you know. Yeah, I think what's really interesting so it the main topic though is consent. Yeah, you would say rather than the main topic being sex. Yes. I just think that's such a good way of approaching things because they just didn't send book is a sex because you have to start with concern you start with consent. Well, essentially where we're starting from is the self and then we're moving out. So essentially it's more about And knowing yourself and then thinking about yourself in relation to relationships and then within those relationships sex, so it's not until like chapter 13 that we even talk about sex really. Wow, interesting which I think is actually really important because something that I've come to realize is my boundaries are so blurry because it when the sexual round because I don't know them outside of the bedroom. So how once you put in sex, like, how am I? To navigate that if I don't even know what I if I don't even know how to say no, what's the age range of the book again 12 to 19, which is a big age where it's a huge. That's a huge age range and it's it's interesting because like so much growth is going on in that Adrian's trying to figure out like I don't think I knew about injuries were when I was 12. Yeah. Yeah. I'm curious about like something that comes up with some of our on other podcast has been a major. It information or age-appropriate was that sex is sex ed. Yeah or age-appropriate honesty. Yeah, but it was a liar basically gauging what information you're not withholding any information from any like child during their development. But at what age they're ready to learn a piece of information, that's really an interesting thing that we're sort of struggling with I think for me. I'm more of an open book whereas When I was growing up, my dad didn't tell me anything about his childhood really or things that he had done like he is from on the stance that parents shouldn't tell their kids about like partying or anything like that because that's instant permission for them to do it. That's super Fair. Yeah. I remember finding out that my mom used to smoke weed and she was like I wasn't going to tell you that I smoked weed when I was your age because it would be giving you permission to smoke weed exactly. I mean and put them conversely. The same time, you know, there is something really beautiful about seeing your parent as a person, you know, and that they've experienced things. So I'm a little I'm unsure of what the right approaches. I mean, I'm such an open book that I imagine that I'm going to be like I'm squirting, you know, like it's already on the internet right? But but my sense of boundaries are super blurry because of the sort of celebrity aspect in my family the fact that you can find that I'm an anorexic and bulimic on the internet kind of gives me license to do whatever I want. Yeah, I don't yeah. Well if everyone's gonna ask him about it anyways, then you should have the right to talk about it how you want to talk about it. It's interesting because my sense of humor is sort of in the same way and that all I'll take a punch at myself before you can and so I'm very quick to give information so that I mean, The Narrative because I've experienced what it feels like to have your narrative taken from you like I did not consent to what happened with New York Post sure, you know and privacy I think a lot about celebrity culture and privacy in that and especially with social media. There is no sort of sense of privacy anymore because we're supposed to have unlimited access and I'm limited information on everybody. Yes, and isn't it funny how the Thing that every celebrity really withhold is who they're sleeping with and who they're dating and it is the one thing that every blog Ivory tabloid. Every gossip moment is going to be looking for Clues and hints and it's like we want to know so badly. Well we're obsessed with sex. All right, our culture has and I mean obsessed look at porn. I mean, yeah, we're constantly consuming. It's a like a billion dollar industry. I mean, I think that's something As a culture we really need to address is porn consumption and the way porn is replacing sex ed. Yeah. Yeah, and I was talking to my roommate about this. We're talking about blowjobs love it. And basically we're saying that you know a blowjob and a really good blowjob are very two different like two different things. Yeah, absolutely and you know a blow job is you know, No deepthroating right? Like that's the thing that's fetishized in porn. But ultimately it's not that comfortable for some people like it's really a sensitive genital like you got to work with what you got. You gotta ease up into it. Whereas like a very good blowjob really takes into account every part of the penis, you know? Yeah person giving it right. What are you what what can you excel at in this book Job? The thing that people are not talking about and I know that they're not talking about it because I only thought about it for the first time in this moment, but nobody is talking about what is sensitive for a man's penis when they have been when they've been circumcised. Yes, and also for a trans women right like their penises are not functioning like a penis is more like a clitoris. Yes. Yeah, and so it's way more sensitive and and so the they'll have Partners who are trying to deep throw them and it's not comfortable because it's super sensitive. Well at the end of the day just goes back to expectations and communication with your partners and you've got to be able to communicate what feels good and set the expectation that you're going to listen. Well that leads me to the one thing that everyone should know about consent is that it's a constant negotiation. It's a constant conversation and it could be rescinded at any point. Yeah, not just like the the opening gate know. I've been seeing negotiation for a long time and a lot of people have pushed back because of the idea of like coercion, right but I'm I Stand My Ground it is such a negotiation. I mean a no is a no right? Like if you get a no you don't negotiate past that yeah, but if there's two yeses and then there's a no then it's a negotiation that what's next stop. Yes. What do we do moving forward? Wait, let's define negotiation. Mmm. Should we yeah, so can you define for us in any way and starting off of what you've just said the term negotiation? Okay, a negotiation requires two or more parties making verbal or nonverbal signals to each other that what is happening is either good or bad right verbal? Nonverbal. I did that rival. I don't know. All good or bad? I think it needs a stipulation that and once it is bad. It ends. Yes. I mean, yeah. Oh, this is a consent kitty. Yeah, I mean The thing that's just really complicated and that I think about a lot is that sometimes it's easier to just have sex than saying now. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah passionately for like young woman as you're learning how to have sex. It's devastating that that is a reality that sometimes it's just easier to lay there. Yeah. Well then dealing with an emotional tirade on the other side potentially right or just the the Anything that can ensue from saying no the if it's that that gets back into turns into bullying if that's like that someone says something about you or if it's just the fact that like maybe it's going to instigate a fight. Maybe you're gonna have a bad date like violence right believe the threat of violent your safety. I worked as a co-op pre school counselor couple summers ago. It was in Red Hook and it was one of those like googoo gaga. We don't use Windex we clean things. Vinegar kind of thing and I wasn't allowed to say the word no interesting and the person who was in charge who I do not respect and I think is a sociopath felt that it was better to teach children to say my body feels unsafe. Now, these are three or four year olds, right? They don't know what that means. Right like, yes, and no you like their babies. Yeah, they Haunted of yes or no, not unsafe and say it right like it's a little dangerous to be throwing unsafe around because that's different than stop touching me. No, I don't like that. Yeah. Yeah, and it really troubled me and it was one of those moments in which I was it was a gig that I got last minute and the moms who put it together Googled me and found a tweet that and I was in the Second City conservatory. And so I was like trying to be a comedian for a while. So I've tweeted stupid things never never anything hateful, but just stupid. Yeah, and I tweeted I'm on the bus and I just saw my mother threw a basketball at her kids face. I'm laughing. I feel terrible. I don't know what to do and they took that as I hate children that I want them her and then also at the same time it was right after the media thing happened. So they also got all the anorexic and bulimic stuff. Oh Jesus and so that was sort of around the time that I was like, Doesn't matter what I do anymore. Yeah, like I really like you think you can walk create a narrative for you that you have no involvement with I mean, I think that this is something that the younger generation is going to have to do with more is that there is so much of their information on the internet that we're going to have presidential candidates with sex tapes. You know, it's going to be rampant. Yeah. Yeah because they're jockey mining early and everything. I mean only recently was documenting Our Lives something we have the option to do. It's both a privilege and a curse. Yeah, I mean, I guess everyone's doing it though not in like everyone's doing it. So you should do it way but in a way that like no one's safe. Well, so going back. I just like have another thought about those kids because Yang like from a straight-up legal point of view of like how they're Miss educating their kids is that like they are giving whoever like a perpetrator isn't that situation the ability to have in their case that the child never said? No, yes and That is what drives me nuts because it was all of this like and I'm very liberal. This isn't like meant to be like Liberals are nuts. But like it was like this pseudo liberal approach to like educate their children and have them be super Progressive when you know, you should be able to say no you should be able to say stop. Yeah, you don't have to honestly it's making excuses for having to explain yourself. Yes. You shouldn't you don't need to have to explain yourself in order to say no. Yeah sometimes no is And I don't owe you. I don't feel sick. I don't owe you. This makes me uncomfortable. I don't know you this doesn't feel good. Yeah, I say no that's that. I wish that I had been a little older. I mean I obviously was in this situation because it was like right before my graduate degree was starting and I was young and I was back in the city and all this stuff but you know, there's so many answers in my life where I'm like, I wish that I could go back and change it if I were that person now, I would have been like fuck all y'all this is ridiculous teaches babies how to say no You know, it's well, it goes back to boundaries to if you're not teaching children how to set boundaries and if you're not setting boundaries with children how the hell later on there were two instances that drove me nuts one in which the one of the kids running around the playground would push people and say I want to murder everybody. Oh, and we weren't allowed to shame him. We weren't allowed to stop it. We were not asking. Bad we are candell condone murder writer is writer is so there was that we shame murder. We actually show you largely shame. Yeah, and the second thing I have this memory of this kid who I would babysit on the side and he was a little shit like he was annoying, you know, and he would start drama all the time and but there was this one time that he was inside of a blanket and the other kids took that opportunity to jump on top of him and he was going stop. Stop stop no and the head counselor was like that isn't how we address this problem. You need to say my body feels unsafe was part of this cult where they would call it a cult so weight loss supplements. Oh, she's in a pyramid scheme. Yes it was. such a mess wow okay so you as an educator to those older than you who are in positions of education and power paying you how how do you negotiate being younger and being like no but I'm the one that's right it is the most difficult thing and that's something that I'm thinking a lot about because I'm writing to an audience of children yeah who you know may have teachers that push their boundaries may have parents that push the boundaries may have You know whoever it is. And I don't know how to empower them to say no and I can't guarantee that there no will be respected and there's some there are some instances in which like a parent is like no, you can't have hot chocolate and Twix at 9 a.m. You know, and that's overwriting abound rewrite. But also at the same time would you do if a teacher is systematically targeting you right? And that is the question that I'm Playing with both from personal experience and also in how to address this topic. How do you because I've never felt empowered enough to to say no to an adult in a position of power right when they were systematically, you know targeting thing. I think what's also interesting about when you're like you are specifically writing about the topic of consent and consent is no until it's yes. boo Yes, I had to think about it for a second. Yeah. No until it's yes. Yeah, technically huh consent is I mean, it's so it mean it depends on your approach. Right? Like some people will take silence as consent or Or not. I mean that's I mean and that's something reaction. It's difficult. It's a difficult thing because the absence of because it doesn't happen is it yes in some cases, right? If you don't hear a no you're going to proceed and so ultimately what I am trying to advocate for his verbalize everything. Yeah. Dirty talk is hot. So hot same when I kiss you here, you know, can I touch you here? You know that? Not going to ruin the moment and so many people think that verbalizing their desire is going to suck the air out of the room. Yeah. I think that there's like that whole like can I kiss you thing that people are so turned off by it's like the beginning of shaming sexy consent. Yes, and I think that my has more to do with the fact that people are afraid of verbalizing their own desire, right? Yeah, which goes back to the beginning of this book knowing yourself trusting yourself having compassion for yourself and knowing your own boundaries, if you know yourself and trust yourself and have compassion. For yourself verbalizing what you think and feel is not going to feel traumatic. Yeah, and if it does it's because the partner you're with isn't the right person, right? You need someone who wants to hear what you have to say. And I think that's where like consent and intimacy aren't taught in sex ed that like just because you said no or just because you said yes doesn't mean that you're with the right person to receive that. Yes, and you can always Evaluating that person in their ability to meet you halfway is part of consent. Something we talk about is that a relationship is a co-created experience, right? There's one person there's another person and together you make a third thing. That's a co-created experience and that's why when you verbalize or that relationship it kind of floats around you right? It was just thinking about that person can elicit feelings. There's there's always this sort of magic that exists if if you're if you're compatible and yes, not a toxic situation, but in the same vein if it is a toxic situation, And I can see it can stick on you right? It can be like a bad cold. It could be like the flu and so ultimately through knowing yourself you're able to recognize a situation that would elicit a beautiful co-created relationship. Right a co-created experience. Yeah. So then how do you I mean, I guess this is the life on question. How do you get that through to children or like how do you communicate how complex it is to a child? Child when like especially if you're 15, and like you're still trying to figure out what it means to have this body that's changed and you're still trying to figure out what it means to be sexualized in the eyes of others and you're still trying to figure out what it means that Becky's already given a blow job and James lost his virginity and you want to be included and also you're still afraid and you don't understand consent like being fill my God, I would to be 15 again sounds like so miserable like excruciating. Yeah. Ultimately the approach that we're trying to take as we're trying to get kids to look inward right focus on themselves cultivate themselves. And and the way that we're approaching it is step by step and I also think that kids are ready for this and that they can grab these Concepts right and and we live in a world in which we need to have this conversation early because that's when it really gets established. It's a difference between being taught no and my body feels on. Save Right like the more top both or being taught both or being taught that you have to be likeable. And so you have to say yes all the time. Yeah, and I think that in this media driven world and the social media world. There's a lot of looking outwards and there's a lot of measuring up against a standard that is ridiculous and rather than pushing for kids to look for models outward. Maybe they can work on cultivating themselves and having a better sense of self. I don't think that I've ever like Like was told as a child to look inward. No, I in my class that I'm teaching right now. I'm making them journal and I'm checking to see that they Journal at least two pages a week. Which to me. I'm like, I'm I'm scribbling constantly, but for some of them it's the first time that they're facing the page and facing themselves and being like what do I write about and last semester? I had a student who actually came up to me and started crying and said that I'm the only adult in her entire life who's ever encourage self. wow which is ridiculous I mean obviously I'm coming from a very therapist place I've had a shit ton of therapy and I'm a writer I'm a nonfiction writer but there's Beauty and looking Inward and knowing yourself and I think that hate slowly comes from measuring up against some standard that is arbitrary and usually sexist racist and homophobic you know yeah yeah we should be free to be who we are and I thought what a great place to add we should be free to be who we are thank you so much for calling in for joining us today of course I feel like I've been monologuing Ah that's what we want happy to do that thank you for coming and thank you for listening