Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37 If anyone thirsts, let him come to me and drink. The wording of the original text indicates. This is a rather loud and deeply emotional Outburst. Jesus was not speaking softly here. What amazes me is that we should even need this urging and that he should have to give it shouldn't it be the other way around shouldn't the tables be turned here? Shouldn't you and I be the ones pleading with him to allow us to come and yet it is Jesus who passionately pleads for us to come to him. I wonder who the Thirsty ones are across the world right now. Some of us have tried so desperately to quench The Thirst within our souls with the things this world offers the new car that certain someone or any of a thousand other things yet. It seems the more we have the thirstier we become could it be that Jesus is opening your eyes to the reality that the something you think you need is really someone today when you hear Loud voice or loud music Let it remind you that Jesus is standing before you speaking with the most authoritative voice you have ever heard looking at you with the most penetrating eyes you have ever seen and pleading with you to come to him. the spirit and the bride say come and let him who hears say come and let him who thirsts come whoever desires let him take the Water of Life freely has written in revelation 22 verse 17 Let's pray with me Lord, forgive me for thinking the things this world offers could ever truly satisfy. The something I have been searching for is really someone you in Jesus's name. Amen. Thank you for listening to our daily devotional program. If you like what you have listened, please consider subscribing to our channel so that you will get daily notification. For more Christian references. Please visit our website www.hiwayfx.com. Have a great day and God bless you.