Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you here on the show. I am your host certified life coach Greg Audino today. We have a question that came in which asks about the interesting dance between feeling our best yet. Still feeling something is missing. It's a tough dance to avoid no matter how well things are going so we'll break it down. And talk about it a little more all thanks to the following question. Dear Greg, I have been on this incredible journey of personal development for a while now and I have never been happier. The only thing that is still on my mind is finding my soul mate. I'm a big believer in everything is meant to be and timing is everything but how do I stop daydreaming about the person I'm going to find I feel like these thoughts are often distracting and make me feel as though my life is not truly complete until I meet someone it would be much appreciated. Dated if you could shed some light on this thanks, you're so very welcome happy to be of service. First of all. Congratulations on your journey so far very glad that it's LED you to a happy place and that you're feeling on top of your game. Ironically most personal development lovers seem to get spit out on the other side of that pretty frequently. So I'm happy that you are happy. But yeah this contrast it's weird isn't it believing that everything is meant to be on the one hand but on the other hand not feeling complete if you don't find someone. Hmm for anyone that throws themselves into personal development. It's important to realize that it's not it's not really a means of cleaning your slate, you know, personal development gurus might trick you into thinking that you know, one seminar will change your entire life, but they don't sure you can learn skills that you can take with you to gradually change a lot about who you are but your past and your beliefs from the past, they will always be a part of you what I'm That is that although you're on this personal development Journey which is doing a lot of good for you. There's nothing wrong with being caught up in your long-standing values and narratives about life being about love and happiness. Only being found when you're with someone else. So welcome these thoughts their you and their natural real development is more about accepting these things rather than trying to change them. Any real change won't really occur without that acceptance as a Requisite all that being said connection is huge sure if you've listened to this podcast at all, or if you've dabbled much in any personal development stuff, you've probably heard that you need to be happy with yourself first and foremost. You have to be whole before you can fully give yourself to another and all that stuff and it's true but that doesn't change the innate yearning for connection what you and I both know though is that connection can't be forced. There's a lot you can do to find their romantic partners. Nur But ultimately you can't control every part of the equation. So what we're going to focus on first here are the things that you can control when it comes to feeling connection. Yeah romantic connection is very specific. But where else can you find Connection in life that is not as difficult make sure that in your pursuit to find love you aren't overlooking the connection found in friends and family pets or maybe volunteer work. I don't want to call them substitutes, but there are a lot of other outlets like these that can provide a great sense of connection and companionship. But you know, they just don't get the same credit or glamour that romantic love does while you wait for your romance to show up or not show up. You're doing yourself a disservice if you're not seeking Connection in these other ways, but that's all supplementing right, you know family friendships pets volunteer work and whatever else Adding more of those things into your life. It fills the void of loneliness, but it doesn't change the fact that avoid is still there. It's like if you had a big hole in the sand the whole being loneliness and then you fill the hole with rocks being different types of connection. So you can you can walk across now. Hopefully the rocks are too Jagged but it's clear that there's still a hole there and don't come at me about house and is actually just crushed a peroxide. Don't want to hear it. The problem is so it is sort of fixed right but it could be better. There could be no sign of a whole whatsoever. I hope this is going somewhere. So in addition to adding connection to your life and whatever form you can you know, supplementing like the Rocks. It's also helpful to remove the whole all together to change the way you value or think about loneliness instead of just patching it up with rocks as I mentioned at the beginning. It's important to honor your Things and realize that there's nothing wrong with you for having them, but you can still try to make them healthier at the same time. Maybe this means reflecting on all the good things about being alone that are more challenging. If you have a partner, maybe it's about considering all the wonderful things you've done in the past that you could not have done if you were with someone maybe it's spending more time with other happy singles and getting a feel for how they handle it over time these types of concentrated efforts bring new experiences. Has that offer A New Perspective on the benefits of being single just the same as the experiences you've had once upon a time that offered you a perspective on why it's better not to be single. It's a trade-off of experiences and experiences are the best ways to alter values hands down. Now the final caveat worth mentioning. Of course, there's always something I have this term this term. I like to use called The Invisible anchor I actually haven't used it in a while. Maybe I should get back into that the invisible anchor hmm is any single thing or concept that we trick ourselves into thinking will give us that final sense of everlasting security for many people and too loving relationship for some it's a job for some it's a move for others. It's a sum of money perhaps any item that tricks us into thinking it will solve enough of our problems that our worry will be permanently. Deafened is that's an invisible anchor right? And it's a skin. There is no such thing new problems will arise new concerns whether or not you meet the love of your life. You'll likely keep finding reasons to feel your life is incomplete. Anyway, there's always something that we want to add. There's very rarely that sense of perfect content or we might say yes. My life is a 10 out of 10 and I wouldn't change a single thing. Of course, we should all. You to seek things which we feel are meaningful. So as to make the problems we do face as good of problems as they can be but there will always be problems and shortcomings and a reason to feel that our lives are incomplete. Nonetheless while a loving relationship can be one of the best things that can happen to us. No question. They're still just moving pieces and thus shouldn't be allowed to Define our lives too much. You might have thought to yourself those optimal living advice fellows put together such a smooth podcast. How can I possibly do the same for my podcast? Well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and a good one. First of all, it's free. Thanks for coming not going to complain about that one and it provides creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast or right from your phone or computer. Not only that but anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many Or that's a huge deal with how many great podcasts are on the market today, but anchor enables you to make money from yours with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and bring your podcast to life. My friends if there is one takeaway. I hope you take away from this episode. It's that this viewers desire for a partner is easily interchangeable with anything that we feel we need to make our lives complete and thus the way back is all the same honor your feelings accept them. And if you really would prefer not demand but prefer that they be different see what you can do to both fill the App and change your feelings about the Gap. I hope that's all clear. My analogy is like the sand rock one I get them but I feel like they usually fall flat on their faces when it comes to everyone else. If you have your own questions to send in go ahead and do it. You can email them to us at advice that old podcast.com advice at Old podcast.com. Who knows what ridiculous analogous. I'll come up with in your episode. We we love hearing them. So keep them coming guys. We'll send you. You a free book from our collection as well if you'd like one, and of course as always we invite you to join us online where you can find other content that can help you. I am at the Greg Audino.com or at simply girls on Instagram. The whole Squad can be found on Old podcast.com or at Old podcast on Instagram always Here There and Everywhere for you guys. All right, that'll do it for today everyone. Have a great day. I hope you'll stop in next time until then.