A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around. You might have seen or heard of the hashtag. We are tile that hashtag. We are tile was born out of a desire to see this industry grown in prove the desire to see the tile Artisan the desire to see you command respect once again, and this industry. I want you to earn a Better Living. I want to highlight you the tile installer. We are tile means that you have the power to create. Create lasting change real change inside of our industry. If you have something to say if you have something to share something positive that you believe will have an impact on your industry. I want you to share it never before has what I'm saying. Been more true than today with the power of social media podcast YouTube. We live in a time when your voice can truly be heard and the powers that be are listening. They are listening because they Realize it matters. They're listening because they are forced to look at what is happening within the Facebook groups. Today. People are being united people are sharing ideas. People are building one another up. There are groups today that focus on positivity real leaders are emerging from within the tile installation side of our industry and what they are doing will go down in history as a force that made a real impact for the Better be the change you want. I'm telling you let your voice be heard use the hashtag. We are tile to add to the positive conversations that are taking place online. Hello tile friends. Welcome back to another episode of tile money. This is the podcast where we discussed the business of being a tile contractor. My name is Luke Miller and I am on a mission to help you the tile contractor grow profitable grow a sustainable business the kind of business that you will be proud of the kind of business that will be around for generations to come. Thank you for letting me know that this Is helping you I truly appreciate it. Today's episode is sponsored by Crossville Crossville is America's leading manufacturer of tile. They are providing and Manufacturing quality tile. A lot of their products are made right here in the United States. They are leading the way and Manufacturing gauge porcelain tile panels large panels, if you're interested in learning more check out the episode where I interviewed Noah chitti if you're looking for a good Partner someone who you can consistently rely on that their tile is quality check out Crossville. So in the next four episodes starting with this episode, we are going to be discussing employees. I know the subject of employees is something that comes up almost daily, you know, and these busy years it's difficult to locate and and hang onto a quality employee. There's so many single contractors out there. Where do you even start well to get stuff started on this conversation. I had a great interview a great discussion with Dan Welch. He owns Welch Tile and Marble out of, Michigan. Dan has 60 employees. So he has a wealth of information when it comes to hiring and maintaining and training employees. Listen as he shares his story and some of the history of Welch tile. All right, we were founded in 1987. My dad mom. My dad had worked his whole life at Grand Rapids tile. They were a union company decided that you know, this wasn't working for him. The company itself was a good company, but Had transition to the Next Generation and that transition the next person in line was really not running a company the way it should be and he felt it was going to go out of business. So he banded with a couple other people and they went out on her own started doing labor only jobs for quite a while. Okay, that was 1987 in the fall. So my dad had seven kids so that was a big gamble, right? Leaving a company that he had company truck. He was a project field superintendent for the company had been there maybe 15 16 years and and learned all of the trade and the office part of it. So when well-child started there were the partners and my brother and they did work for one big interior finish contractor the bottom of Corporation over a period of time the bottom of Team was not able to do the work as efficiently and effectively as we were so they let go of their hourly employees and subcontracted Welch and then we grew exponentially over the next few years up to about 20 guys just labor only work and somewhere around the mid 2000s. We started doing our own work and we were at that point say maybe 30 guys. Guys now we're up to around 60 people as a company and we're prime contractor. So understanding that Dan has 60 employees. I wanted to know how Dan is leading his company and creating that culture that those employees would want to be a part of see? Why are they sticking around? Why would an employee want to work for Dan other than his competition. See that's what you need to focus on if you want to hang on to your employees. Check out what he said here. Yeah. We we are people development company. With that we just happen to do tile. Yeah. Well we happen to do other things too. But you know, one of my dad's core values was you know, really a good day's work for a day's pay was a what we call it is a guiding principle now that we're learning what all those things were about. You know when Dad tells you to do something you did it, right and all of us kids one thing about us is there with seven kids in the family so six of us work for the company and so if we were fighting one While we have stopped on the way to work and you know, tell us a little bit and then keep going but we all gave and dad taught us the right way to do it and also the value system that he had, you know, good days paper good day's work, you know, if it isn't if you're not it's not we're doing right you don't do it at all, you know, so you just you just had a lot of those type of statements. Yeah, that guided us. I love that you've And some of those core values taken, you know from your father's, you know wisdom and kind of crafted some of your own and woven some of your own into there. That's that's a great example a lot of you know, we're working on that a lot. So yeah, it's probably a continual effort it is, you know when my dad retired and I took over that was in 2008 and he allowed me to he gave me a not rope to hang myself. Get off give your kids and upper open and but you know be there to pick them up to you know, so you really had to let me make my mistakes and that's one thing I thought was exponentially important in business is having a mentor there to be there when you needed them, but not to make all the decisions for you. Yeah, so Yeah, so a couple of the other things, you know that were really key to that people development was if your horns worth blowing somebody else we'll blow it if you ever had them under you go. Yeah, so it was it was instrumental in building our core so not only the family but that group around us that are I consider our core they learn the same value system that I did while I was, you know course I had an earlier start. Than they did but coming out of high school going to work all your friends come in with you to go to work and they learned it from dad to you know, he was the father figure in the whole company. So yeah, how long ago did you kind of make that you're I mean, I want to call it a mission statement, you know, we are people development one of your, you know, one of your values right one of your core values. I'm how long ago did you make that switch and what notice what differences have you noticed? So in 2008, I came up with a new mission statement, which is people creating change and I found out later it was Obama, you know in the whole change thing, but I didn't think I was first okay, as I wasn't really paying attention at the time. So but the people was always a big core value and recently we've been going through that. We haven't finalized the the core values or the statement of the purpose. But we've hired a new marketing company to come in and help us with that so that we're taking a piece of the old the logo all of that is getting looked at right now. And because I think I have 10 more years to give 12 more years to give and I want this new generation coming in to know a lot more about us, you know, because and why we operate because it's a lot easier when we grew up with Dad tell us what to do and we all have those core values now younger people coming in are harder to To you know Buy in they have to buy in from your Foreman. All right. So I love how Dan views his company as a people development company? He had a great example with his father. He shared how did how to lead people how to deal with people how to be an employee how to be a boss, but he continued to put into practice the lessons. He learned while building upon those values upon those fundamentals developing his own fundamentals developing his own core values on top of what he was taught. I feel strongly that Dan's focus on his people on his employees his concern with their Altman and their growth is the meaning of company culture. That's what it's all about creating the type of culture that people actually appreciate and want to come to work want to be a part of C. That's what it's all about to hang onto employees. The company culture is of course attractive to new employees, but it would also have a big part in why people stick around why they don't feel the need to go do it themselves if they feel like they are truly a Part of something larger than themselves. This gives them an incentive to show up and to give it their all to work hard for the company and for something that they are part of I encourage you to think about your company culture. Do you have one? Are you developing one? Would you want to work for yourself? All right, we're going to get back to the interview. But before we do I have got some tile news. This is sponsored by the national tile contractors Association. If you are enjoying this podcast and Ben Reading from this in the Facebook group. I love it. That is great. I truly hope this is providing you with advice and knowledge to help you grow and build your business. But for those of you who have been asking me for something more. I'm excited and happy to tell you that I have been working on something more for you something more Hands-On something more custom fit something that's going to dive deeper in-depth Business course that's going to consist of several video. Tutorials that will walk you through setting up your business fast tracking your business development and on the back end of those video tutorials, we're going to work together on it as a group a smaller group much smaller group of like-minded people growth orientated people just like you who are taking that course and working hard to establish your business together together. We are going to work through the steps outlined in those videos together. We will share growth mindset. Techniques and real solutions to the real problems that we are facing everyone taking that course will have access to the video tutorials. They're not going to be available anywhere else not on YouTube not in this podcast those who you know, listen to this course, they will have access to interviews with guests who will give us actionable advice that are not available anywhere else. So if you're looking for something more if you want to dive deeper, If you want something that's more personalized to you. This is it something magical happens. When a smaller group of people get together. They share more openly they're excited to help one another they get to know one another more on a deeper level and they get comfortable with one another and they care about any other they encourage one another on a deeper level. I love what we have created with the tile money Facebook group, and that will always be a free resource because I understand we're all in different spaces. Is it our business and this podcast will continue to be free but if you wish to dive deeper, if you find yourself wishing that the group was smaller so you could share more or feel more comfortable. I highly recommend you check out my tile business Mastery class. You can go to my website tile money.com in addition to that the principles I'm sharing with you in that video course are the same principles that I'm using to create my my current business. And so we're literally going to be going over these together and applying these and I'm going to share with you how they're affecting my business. So I'm looking forward to this group check it out. It'll be open very soon. We're about a week away from the launch. All right. So back to this interview. I wanted an to share with us what advice he can give us for locating employees. Check out what he said here. Yeah, some of the guys are retiring and some are coming in. And so it's really hard to grow the number because they're coming and they're going a little bit but your core stays pretty steady. So we're doing all of the above as far as a recruitment about three years ago. Everybody was looking and we went out and hired a consultant. One thing that I feel strongly about is I'm not the best at everything and something like recruitment if it's worth doing invest in it, right? So we're going to spend the money. I hired a guy to come in and I learned a lot about how to unboard people and I thought, you know, you have do the interview you bring them in you these things but there's a lot of art to it when you're interviewing and onboarding so, you know starting right out, you know, telling them, you know sending the message that you care. You know, what are your core values, you know? We are people who development company and we give it really, you know, I don't know if I can say that on TV, but that's that's what I say. You know, we give a darn, you know, yeah, and then they show and it shows when they when they walk in and they want to come back for that second interview. So we offer no written offer. Whereas before as I yeah, come on in. We'll figure something out. Well being professional about it. Okay. Here's your offer. Here's what we're going to give you. Here's your path to the Ascension so we work very very hard to develop, you know Phase 1 2 3 4 right on through wherever they wanted to get. They want to be the next president the company I'm more power to them, you know. Yeah and be happy to hand it to him. So that's that's a lot of it. So so and you're finding that they're responding good to this that the younger people absolutely so when people come in and they see what we have to offer they're excited when they walk out now. That's excitement changes over time, you know, but they they feel a sense of family a sense of community. Not just a number so that first day when they come on we'll do the ionized W-2s go through all of our safety. We take the 10 modules from the ntca the first was 10 and we have them watch them right here in our shop in our office are cheap. Operating Officer Steve and I along with Doreen are trained development person Kelvin Bill our field superintendent will take him out to lunch and just not to do anything other than just to get to know, you know, you have any kids because the interview process you can't be asking them a lot of those questions you how old are you you have kids. So what do you like to do fishing hunting that kind of stuff? So it builds that you know tightness. Yeah. That's great. So let's say someone comes into your company and you're asking them these questions you're getting to know them and they say, you know, I think what I'd really like to do is is work my way up, you know up the ladder and be in some sort of management role. So what let's say I just told you that what where do we go from there? Let's say I'm an 18 year old kid fresh out of high school. Well, I'll probably have a little bit of an idea from the interview saying oh I see these Strength in your you know, your communication skills are good, you know, whatever those you know, those systems pieces that are you see in someone and I am very open with tell him what I see, you know, yeah. Yeah, and I'm also open with tell them what I see that could use work. We have a process and you know, we can start here Wheeling wheelbarrows, you know apprenticeship as1 and that's six months and then two three four, but if you're going to be a manager going to have to know what you're doing, so you start out here and then you know, when you get through the apprenticeship, you know, we can make a choice, you know, you want to stay in the finisher. You want to go towards Vienna Center and then, you know work your way up, but certainly the tile trade offers a lot of management opportunity because you don't have to be the foreman on the job to be leading a group of installers that are probably or leading a group that are muddying or you know, because you have big groups of people you need leaders. The way through okay, so it's up to you. You know, how far can you get? All right. I love that Dan recognizes that he can't do everything on his own as a boss as a company leader. You have to recognize this fact and you have to get help and you have to look to people that are better at different areas than you are and when it comes to recruiting some people he turned to hiring a professional to help him organize a recruiting The system he developed a system that's working for him and he'll continue to develop that and work on it. It starts with getting to know his in his potential employees. Did you see how much time he gets to know them? He looks for their strengths. He looks for their weaknesses. He then goes on to start the process after hiring of training them. See he wants to help them identify where they want to be in the future of the company that way. Are working towards their goals. Did you notice that? Alright, we've got another tile money tip right now. And this is sponsored by later Crete inside. This is tip inside this time when he tip Ron is talking about differentiation. The big question you have to ask yourself is in a crowded Market of tile installers. How are you differentiating yourself? Let's listen to this clip and see if we can pinpoint a couple ways Ron highlights. This is an effort. To differentiate this is sort of what I was talking about before some work. Okay castle look design. It's got some photographs in here. We have some ideas on we talk about my ideas maybe ideas for version 2.0 this but the point is is like spend some money on this these cost 25 bucks apiece. So 25 bucks apiece. This is part of his presentation. But really, what is this really? Is it cute organically came to this idea of building this do you leave these behind sometimes? Yeah, okay. You organically came to this. Why did you do this by Sagan? It's a marketing tool. Yeah, but the point is this will differentiate looks looks like it gives a crap. Could be what if you had a big big big contract and you go to you know, by the way, you can get these printed on your iPhone. Actually Apple will print these for you if you wanted there's all kinds of companies that pay fees for you. Let's say your contract gets above certain level repeat business is what you start closing for. I would say that again because contractors even though you guys aren't really contractors people who do work like you or without contractor pay they at the end of the job is when you're closing for the next job. And I will also tell you that most contractors suck at finishing the great at starting their fantastic is starting they suck at closing and if you want to improve your business clothes really well, if you close a job really well and just an idea free idea whatever you want. If I had a contract that I considered a big contract. I actually do a photo book just like the sleep. A commercial construction. They have something called the Odom manuals the owner's manuals, right and my project management firm. We would take all the owner's manuals as-built drawings all those things put them in a really nice binder spent some money on that binder and I would leave it with every project. Guess what I also would have in there my contact information all that stuff. Anything goes wrong. Call me those kind of things. I'm continually can look. Mark's job. I totally went on a tangent there, but it's really important contractor suck at closing. You will do better in your work if you close really, well the last thing you do on the job besides pick up a check needs to be leave a good taste in the mouths of the project. Now that that's an art into itself. It's point. You guys know it's an art form into itself, but people don't forget don't they? Just think about winning they don't think about close call to action. Towards social is fantastic by the way, noble noble anything you can do to help. I've literally have no problem with people writing a quick timeline of what happened on the project in the email. Hey, so, you know, this is what happened on the project. You want to copy and paste this put it on Facebook go for people will do it. People will do it and all this you see what I'm saying start to Snowball the all this start to snowball. None of these things that I were talking about. You can't just do this and successful. Are you have to have a conglomeration of these Concepts in order to build? Powerful business. Alright, so in that negotiation class someone had brought a good example a great example of a tool that they had made to differentiate themselves. It was simply a well-made hardcover book of their work with quality photos of their finished work and some of their ongoing work, I believe and Ron mentioned that to take that a step further you might want to take that idea and make a custom Book for a really high-end higher dollar amount. T' he emphasized that the repeat business that we're all after and we all know it. We all know that repeat customers are the best clients, right? So that's what we're after but we need to get better at closing ourselves at the end of the job because these clients are the type of clients we want but what are we doing to ensure that they're thinking of us years down the road. Are we closing in a way that differentiates our differentiates ourselves? Leave the client with a call to action help them out by giving them a script of how the project went step by step. That was another great tip the best tip. I I really enjoyed inside there is that you cannot rely on just one thing so you can't believe that one eye one good idea will be enough to set you apart from all the competition. Ron went on to tell us that to properly differentiate ourselves. We have to focus on three areas. Has number one identify problems number two proposed the solutions number three emphasize uniqueness. So I hope you enjoyed that tip and next week's tip. We will continue this discussion of differentiation. I truly hope you've enjoyed today's episode. I hope I've given you something to think about something to apply in your business some helpful advice that you can apply. I really hope you can take something away from today's. Episode and improve your business and next week's episode. We're going to continue to talk to Dan Welch. He had a lot more to say so look forward to the next couple episodes and Dan's going to continue to tell us what he's doing for hiring and retaining employees. If you enjoyed this podcast check out rate this podcast.com slash tile money to leave me a review. I'd appreciate a five star review. All right tile friends until next time stay profitable. all out there