Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that she was guilty get.T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally been arrested. We are also mourning the fact that we now know that Gannon is not coming home and that our biggest and worst fears have been realized that she did hurt him and I personally feel like there is a nice warm spot in hell waiting on her, but we'll just jump right on into what has happened this past week and there's some new stuff that just happened in the last like couple hours that you're definitely going to want hear about. So we'll start out on March 2nd when she was arrested in Myrtle Beach for being, you know, obviously crazy but on suspicion of murder, so they arrested her. There's been some speculation about where was she arrested. It appears that it was a traffic stop. They had at first said it was at the mall, but the mall was not even open at the time that she was arrested. So she was driving along she was going somewhere whatever the case may be, but she got pulled over and she was arrested now if it was at the mall, maybe I'm wrong, but from what I have understood from Reading several several several different Outlets. She was not at the mall the time that she was arrested damn it. It I wish she had been I wish that everybody in the brother could have watched her be arrested because we all know that she feels like she deserves all these apologies. So anyways, she was arrested on a first-degree-murder charge for a child Under 12 and she is the person of trust meaning that she was the person that was supposed to be caring for this child. So she was arrested for first-degree murder now, I'm not sure how this works with that kind of charge if that means that it was premeditated. I'm assuming not considering it says a child Under 12 by person of trust. Also, she was arrested for child abuse resulting in death, which would go along very very well with what we've said and how we believe that whatever happened to that house Sunday night caused her to lose her mind. She snapped she hurt Ganon and eventually in some way shape or form hurt him too bad and then ultimately led to his demise. We know that it appears that he got into the truck with her on that. Day morning was he in so much pain was he you know already in the stress what had happened? We don't know but we do think whatever happened happened that night also tampered with a deceased body. This charge has gotten a lot of people talking because people are saying well, how did you tamper with a deceased body if that body has never been found because they have not found any yet. I just want to clarify the fact that temper of a deceased body can mean moving a deceased body. Let's look at Chris Watts. He was charged with tampering with a human corpse because he killed Shannon at home put her into his truck and then drove her to the old battery site and buried her. He got that same charge for both of his daughters because not only did he kill them but then he dumped their bodies into the all batteries. So tamper with a deceased body can come down to just moving the body. It can also be much much much much more Sinister as in you could dismember a body you could do something to them. Body, but I don't want to go there. I don't want to think that because that is the worst possible thought that can be imagined with that. Also. She was charged with tampering with physical evidence. We all know she tampered with evidence whatever happened to the carpet whatever, you know all this crap. We know she tampered with evidence and she was arrested with no bail meaning she was not getting out no way shape or form now. She appeared in court on March 3rd in South Carolina at the Horry County Horry County get it. Sorry, I'll but she was. Like a lot the court date thing where they were going to talk to her about her extradition, whether she wanted to fight extradition or whether she was going to go ahead just wave it and just go ahead and be extradited. Now, if you don't understand the extradition process it would be where you said. Okay. I'm going to fight my extradition. What does that mean for me? It means that they're going to prolong my court date and then they're going to have to prove that. I am who I say I am so they're going to like take your fingerprints and that kind of stuff. Is that okay? She really is this person so she knows she's going to be extradited. So basically she just be beating a dead horse waiting for nothing and prolonging her time and the judge made it very clear to her that however long it took would not be credited time. So if she got five years in prison, which let's be real. She's not gonna get five years in prison. But if she did the time that she waited for this extradition hearing would not be credited to her. So, of course, she went ahead and waved and said she'd be extradited back. She tried to talk a lot during this little, you know, live feed of the judge basically told her to shut up that you know, you have some pretty serious charges against you it'd be in your best interest to be quiet. Obviously she talks too much. That's what's got her into this mess a big part of it. But hey, she thinks she knows what she's doing. He were there. Thanks. Now. We know that she was booked into a Kansas jail last night and most of us thought this was because you know, it's a long drive from let me back up. They were there to get her the same day. Okay, there was no waiting for extradition. They were there the day she waived extradition to bring her back to Colorado now they were driving her back. So yesterday the Third. Okay, they were there together. Or on the third. Sorry, I'm losing my days. I'm confusing myself last night as in the fourth. All right, she was booked into the Kansas. Gel and everybody thought okay. It's because they're Drivin so long and they all either breaks are going to book her to jail. They're gonna get some sleep. Well, they booked her in about 3:15 p.m. And she was there until about 250 4 a.m. Well, let me just tell you I we were all wrong about why she was there and I'll get to that in a minute this morning. She was booked into the El Paso County Jail halle-fucking-lujah. But as I said gaming has still not been located now, one of the pain in the butt things about this is that her arrest affidavit is sealed. So we're not going to know what the evidence is or what they found that led them to her arrest now, we can we can you know speculate we can assume that a lot of her lies caught up with her but add when it comes to the solid concrete reasons why they're not going to tell us that it is sealed in her arrest affidavit. So we're not going to know that so a lot of us are wondering what could it be what could have I've led to this arrest and one thing that has been like a major, you know, what if is what have Harley talked her daughter? Because obviously Harley knew more about what was going on. Then we are they wanted us to know it was very clear during that news interview when Molly was having to ask for a loan. We don't know but it's the So now there have been rumors that there is a witness that spoke. So if there was a witness could it possibly have been Harley who ratted out her mom don't know maybe now another thing that has come up has been this crime online. Like there's been three different crime online interviews with t and then the last one which actually came out like the day she was arrested was talking about a bloody two-by-four and a sock both of these items. He's had gained has blood on them and they were found in Douglas County and also our had text her and asked her why there was a saucer size blood-stained and ganon's room. Now, of course if this is true, I mean I can't say, you know, this is a hundred percent legit, but it's out of his mouth allegedly. So, you know how that goes, but that would mean that When the search was going on in Douglas County four days and they were sifted through the snow. They told the media to back up. They want everybody out of the way. Maybe they did find this 2x4 and sock there now T's response to this was well if they found this sock and 2x4 in the woods, you know, we sometimes take all the wood out of our garage and throw it out into the woods or it could have been the back of my truck and it just flew out. Yeah, I totally because when like my kids get cut and plead a lever piece of wood or like they have Bloody sock. I totally put them in the back of my truck and just go for a freaking Drive. Let's be real now. She wants to explain away all of this blood in the house because in her words everybody has blood their house. Yeah, totally. Okay. Yeah, we may have a little bit but saucer size bloodstains. She says this is all from you know, nosebleeds because Gannon got nosebleeds quite often and you know, he bled a lot and sometimes he would walk around with blood on his arm. Okay blood on your arm from a frickin nose bleed does. Is not nowhere near equal saucer size bloodstains on the carpet. Is this true don't know she said that at the time that she was interviewed which was before she was arrested that the police had not even spoke to her about this. So is it true who knows now during this press conference because I think the issue that they were arrested her on suspicion of murder and they would have a press conference at noon which was 2 p.m. Eastern time. So I was patiently waiting for this and oh my God guys, it broke my freaking heart. I don't think that I have ever cried so much. Over someone that I do not know as I did during this press conference because ganas mom Landon broke my freaking heart in the very beginning when they were just reading the charges off. She immediately started crying as soon as they said first-degree murder and then they each got to issue like a statement and Landon chose to speak for hers. But Al had his statement read and I mean, yes, Lana's was bad but owls really hit me in my gut because he said things such as you know, We'll never have another Taco Tuesday. I'll never get to play Nintendo with you again. And when he was with the lady was reading these things Landon collapsed into his chest. I mean just cry and it was the pain in her just hearing her you could tell she was in such pain and Agony knowing that her child was dead and it broke my heart and it made me angry because even she said, you know, this is a person that I trusted with my child and their study people that we all trust with our kids or we let Babysitting there's many of us myself included who has a step-mom or stepdad in the equation. My children have a stepmom. Luckily. She's a fabulous stepmom and I don't have any concerns about her but I just can't imagine. I trust her with my children. I could not imagine if she did something like this. I know she never would she's not psycho like tea, but if she did, I don't know how I would be able to react to that and to be the father and know that this is the person that you married. I cried like pretty much the entire day because it was so freaking sad and just made me angry. I don't understand it how someone could hurt a child and I don't understand how all of these parents out here. These days are hurting and killing their children. I mean you look at this Lori valo where the hell are her kids. Obviously, it looks like she hurtled then you look at this Evelyn Boswell case. Like where is this little baby? What did she do to her kid? You know, it's making me sick that there's all these freaking Casey Anthony's out there. I cannot take it. It makes me insane one more thing. I want to talk about before I get into some more stuff is the fact that you know in Colorado, they're not like a death penalty state and if you didn't know that go back and look at Chris Watts now, yes, he did take a plea that he wouldn't go for the death penalty and all that but Even if he had gotten death Colorado is not a death penalty state, so they're not going to they're not going to do it. They just you know, so it makes me wonder you know, like if she did kill this child why the hell does she know I prom candidate for the death penalty. I mean Chris was obviously should have been he took a plea and obviously he's never getting out but this bitch is crazy and it has been documented for a long time by her criminal record by her behavior by her lies. Yeah, I mean, I don't understand how she was ever an educator of any kind when she had a criminal record like she did it makes me in sane. So with that we will be right back. Welcome back guys. And what we're going to talk about now is the fact that you know, how hard is it to get a murder charge on someone without a body and this is something that a lot of people have been questioning, you know, did they really find his body? Are they not telling us but they did find it. There are no searches right now. They have all been suspended. So is there you know a possibility they found his body. They don't want us to know. According to even get as mother Landon they have not found the body now, I will admit this is definitely a question. They obviously know more than we do but we also have to remember that in this sort of case at any murder case at this point in time with our technology. We can tell by a crime scene if someone is dead by the amount of blood they lost by you know, the The liquids and fluids that are excreted after death that you know are definite sign of decomp. So if he were dead saying that rental car she had or you know, I don't think he was dead in the home. But anywhere that he may have been dead, you know, you could look at that and say well this this, you know type of you know excretion from his body would only be a decomp. He had to be dead or okay a person that lost this much blood could not survive this attack. So obviously they have something like that that pretty much proves that They know he's dead. Even they don't have a body. We know that this garage thing. If you haven't heard about that, apparently they were in the garage, you know doing like a luminol search or whatever and neighbors heard like a gas like somebody screamed it was explained away as being that, you know, somebody shut the garage door suddenly and but there has also been speculation about you know, what if a family member was there or showed up there was Walked in and maybe they had sprayed this garage with luminol and there was a lot of blood and this led to you know them gasping or Screaming, of course that stuff away possible. But then you have to wonder it. Will she take a plea because like when it came to Chris Watts, we know he took this plea, you know for these consecutive life sentences to avoid the death penalty, but will Leticia take a plea and if she does take a plea would it be you know, where she might take a lesser? - I can't imagine what could be less for her or what be agreeable. But if she did was she disclose where his body was that's something to watch for but in my personal opinion, I do not think that she will do this because I still don't think that she feels like she did anything wrong. I think that she's going to play this not guilty. I didn't do anything. I am a victim card to the very last second. She's not going to give out anything in my opinion now, I could be wrong I have been wrong before but With a narcissist like her typically they are not going to give any information because they love to hold on to the fact that they are innocent and they are a victim and it's very very clear as I'll talk about here shortly how she is so worried about what other people see that I don't think that she will take up. Now the DA has said that this type of case, you know Big of a case this type of situation it could take about a year at least at least bring her to trial. So if that's the case and everything is sealed then we're not going to find anything out until the trial now Leticia has already tried to you know, file all of these motions to suppress the media keep the media out of it. Keep all the documents sealed. She doesn't want anyone to know what's going on. She doesn't want the media there. She doesn't want any public people, you know. No showing up in the courtroom. She wants it completely sealed. Why because she cares about her image. She cares more about her image. Then she does the fact that she is a freaking murderer. Now. We already know that today the judge did deny that because she had wanted it to all be sealed when she went before a judge and Colorado today, but they did, you know, go ahead and just say negative on that and allow certain no media coverage expanded media coverage was granted today. And for tomorrow, but you know, we obviously all she had was her. Small little court date today that is not a big one. That is not like anything major. This one today was basically just her what do they call it? I don't know a lot of y'all. This one is just where she goes in and they pretty much just read off her charges and she she actually waved the advisement. She didn't want them to read her charges allowed. We'll get to that in a minute because it's a lot But as I said the judge did Grant the motion for expanded media coverage regardless of what she wanted. She does have a public defender. Do you guys remember how she was posting about how she had the same attorney that Casey Anthony had and you know, he was going to represent her people had even asked him publicly. Did he, you know agree to represent her and he of course was like, ah, no definitely not but still tasted he did. So we all had to wonder about that. That and of course, he did not think his hope is it Jose Baez is who she tried to say was going to represent her but no guys. She has a freaking public defender. So she does not have no, you know high-profile attorney as she pretends like so she could suck it now the arrest warrant for her was actually issued for February 28th. So she the arrest warrant was put into effect a couple days before she was arrested. She was in South Liner, so I'm sure to have a couple days to get to her so, you know. Did she see it coming? I don't think so because I really think that she thought she was going to get away with this. One thing that has come to light in the past couple days is this accusation or you know story that she fell 2019 and during this fall she could not return her teaching job and she had gotten, you know a TBI, which is a traumatic brain injury. Ari from this fall now is this true don't know do I believe it probably for good night. Now there have been parents of students that she taught that have said that you know, they got this message that she wasn't returning because she fell there's also been people saying that no, it wasn't a fall that she hurt her back at work lifting boxes. And apparently this was gonna be like a worker's comp claim. Is there truth to any of this. I don't know this is completely speculation. But if she did have this traumatic brain Injury or back injury then. Why in the hell is she working out and going hiking on a regular basis? That wouldn't add up. Basically. She wanted a worker's comp check and we all know that she's grimy and she'll do anything. She can to try to get people to feel sorry for her and she'll lie or whatever she has to do to get as much attention and sympathy from others as possible. Now let's talk about her ex-boyfriend. He took to social media to tell everyone that he dated her before her now. His name is Travis Shelly. He said that t faked a pregnancy. She even had fake ultrasounds. He described her as a master manipulator and crazy obviously lying whatever she has to do to get through whatever she wants to make her. Whatever she needs to be she obviously has this. Knack for that. Now a lot of us have question. You know, why haven't we heard from Al much during this we've heard from Landon all the time. But if we think about that crime online interview with t where she said allegedly that he had contacted her about the blood in the house and the 2x4 and those things. It makes me wonder if Al was working with the police if he didn't have a big presence, you know. No in the media because maybe he was trying to get information from T. Make her feel comfortable talking to him. So maybe that's why we didn't see him much, you know in the public eye as a lot of us think we should have or we had wanted to maybe he was working her over that could definitely make sense. Another thing is there was a lady in the neighborhood and the community that said, you know what I want her to see Gannon I want her to see what she's done as soon as she gets back to the El Paso County Jail. This lady took pictures have like a giant memorial for getting a maid right at the entrance of the gel hoping that it'll be the last thing that he saw before she was taken into custody there. And I think this is fabulous. I hope she saw it and were being real till hot tea has no emotion. She has no sympathy. She is a true psychopath. She doesn't feel bad for what she did. She doesn't think she did anything wrong. So I don't think it affected her. Although I do hope it did but we all know how she can be there have been rumors that the crime scene, you know hasn't found all of the body hasn't been found. They've investigated this this crime scene as the you know spot of the actual murder now, where could this be? Could this be at the home? Could this be outside the home? Did she take him somewhere that day and kill him did she dump him? We don't know but there has been a rumor that they know where the murder took. Weiss don't know if that's true. We do know there's no search of scheduled right now. So it definitely makes us question, you know, they obviously know a lot more than we know what has gone on. What do they know? And when will we know anything? Because of course we're all invested in this case. We've all you know, putting our time and our emotions and prayers into this and we do want to know but as frustrating as it is we don't need to know right now. We just need to trust in law enforcement trust in the da and what they You're doing because obviously they have been doing it this entire time and they have gotten the rest as hard as that is for me to accept but it's all we really can do now we know that thou has to be out of the house by tomorrow. I don't understand what kind of person would have bet. Someone going through a murder investigation. It makes me question, you know is investigation of the home over if the person is going to be, you know, evicting him and then you look at homes like the Watts house were sitting in the girls were, you know killed or you know, he didn't kill them there. I think he killed the girls there, but that house is still empty to this day and it's been supposedly going up for auction over and over and never has made it. So it makes me question. You know, why would you kick him out and is the Home released by law enforcement at this point now we're going to get to the goods guys. What happened tonight? That is beyond freaking belief. This is just been released and I just cannot wait to share. It with you guys. We'll be right back. Welcome back guys. Now. Let's get to some juicy stuff about psycho-ass Leticia as if we all did not think that she was crazy enough. If we didn't think that she obviously was mental crazy, whatever we've all questioned if this whole brain injury thing is going to be a slight LifeStraw attempt at getting the incentives. They play and I'm wondering if Hurst newest on may be part of that too. So earlier I talked about how they stop in Kansas and she was there for about 12 hours in the Kansas. Gel. Of course, we all thought that was because this long drive obviously she would you know has to be put somewhere. So the deputies could rest know we were wrong. It's been released to bite that they stopped and had her booked into this, Kansas. Jail, because she slipped out of her handcuffs in the back of the vehicle that she was being extradited in and attacked a deputy. Yes attacked a freaking Deputy. Now, it's rumored to be a female Deputy. Of course, if you are being transported and you are a female or they're going to need to have a female deputy there because that female Deputy is going to have to go in the bathroom with you and such so it would make sense for her to have a female deputy there, but she attacked them and Already she attacked them, but that Deputy was having okay had to be taken to the hospital for their injuries. This is why they stopped and this is why she was jailed in Kansas. It's not clear right now. She's going to face additional charges big eyes innocent people don't attack the freakin cops. What in the hell is wrong with her? I'm sure they were probably talking shit to her. Let's be real. I mean, I would be if I was the one transporter I be saying, oh, you know, you're a killer, you know you Coach kid and you know, you're gonna rot in hell that sort of thing. But whatever the case may be. How did she slip out of her handcuffs? My question is is it because of how greasy her hair is, you know, does she possibly like use that as a lubricant to get out of these handcuffs don't know but either way she attacked this deputy and they were hospitalized for their injuries. Now, this makes me question if she can send a deputy to the hospital. What could she have done to Gannon? I mean, this is crazy. And now I'm curious again. Is this some more of this Insanity play all I wasn't in my right state of mind. I couldn't control myself. I had impulse control. I'm her attorney did file to unseal it. But that was only for the defense to see her public defender. So she was in court today as I said, which was her advisement now this Where she basically comes with her attorney and they're going to you know, read to her what her charges are so they would say okay, you're being charged with first-degree murder, you know child abuse resulting in death that sort of thing. She waved that she didn't want that to say it. Why because she probably didn't want her charges read in front of all the people in the courthouse or the media because let's be real she cares so much about what other people think about her. I'm sure she probably hates the one that her greasy mug shots are out there. She deserves it, but her Her next court date will be March 11th. And this is going to be when basically they Shoulda rain her and but I don't understand why we have to wait. I don't understand why I couldn't bring her today. But I guess it's a process it all has to be gone through whatever now are they gonna request a change of venue? This is something that we're all curious about because obviously she's gonna say she can't get a fair trial in El Paso County if she going to ask for a change of venue so that maybe she can't get a fair trial, but let's be real it doesn't matter. There she goes it's going to be the same thing guilt doesn't change depending on where you go. If you're guilty doesn't matter where the hell you are. You're going to be guilty there too, but we'll wait and see horse. You still owe no bond. She is aware of her charges for a while. They are people were saying does she know what she's charged with that? You think that it's just this fugitive from Justice is kind of what they had Iran in the beginning. Does she think that's what it is, but no, she is fully aware of what her charges are and she appears so cold like if you Watch her and today's little short video. She's cold. She shows no emotion. Her eyes are dark and she just doesn't act like she has any, you know remorse or emotion true Psychopathic Behavior guys. Now one thing that we did notice is she's wearing a suicide Smock and that's basically like this dress and it cannot be ripped or you know torn apart to make a noose. So this means that she's separate segregated from the general population and she's house right now. The mentally ill and special needs inmates. So this is going to be mandatory for like 48 hours and we're asking why now, this means she could have indicated that she was suicidal or maybe the intake nurse assess her and thought she was suicidal or the staff cannot guarantee her safety in general population. And obviously that's got to play into it because baby killers do not do well in jail. We know that if people get their hands on her and their that they probably beat her ass to death. Yes, she would Definitely deserve it, but they have to give her child. So if that y or is this another attempt at an insanity plea, of course, we don't know. So all I can say is she has definitely let her Lumberton ghetto come out and if you don't know about that, then you're not from around where around from and we know what the Lumberton ghetto can be. Obviously she has that and she has let it out. Full force she is psycho. I don't know what the hell is wrong with her. I don't know why she thinks it's going to make her look good or make her look innocent to attack a freaking Deputy in the car that did nothing but make her a little worse. But as I've said obviously she has an agenda and more than likely her agenda is trying to get the insanity plea and pretending like she is out of her, you know, right state of mind. I don't think it's Insanity. I think she is just full-fledged bitch and she's crazy and she's careless and she's selfish. Koosh and she's a narcissist and she deserves to get her ass beat in jail every single day and that may be cruel of be to say I don't really care I have said it was her over and over and over all of you guys have pretty much said it was her we've all known this we have been so mad. You know, why did Evelyn Boswell's mom get arrested for lying to police but Leticia wasn't obviously they knew what they were doing and as hard as it's going to be for all of us to just shut up and just wait. That's all we There right now, but the only thing I can ask you guys to do is just don't feel the rumor meal. Don't add too much speculation. Just wait for the facts to come out. Of course, there's going to be speculation. There's plenty of screenshots of all kinds of random stuff, but the biggest and most important thing that you can do right now is just pray for Gannon and Gina's family. And of course, they are still asking for any information or any tips because they still haven't found Gannon. So if you know anything call it in In I mean it's tragic. It's hard to comprehend as a mother and as a stepmother I cannot imagine ever hurting one of my children or my stepchild. I don't know what's wrong with people. But all I can say is God have mercy because people have lost their freakin minds and if you don't want your child honey, I promise you there's plenty of people that would love to have them. You don't have to hurt your kid. You don't have to do anything. You can surrender them and go right on about your perfect little life that you think you're going to have without your kid. You don't have to hurt them. I don't understand people by kids make me mad they frustrate me. They make me crazy as hell or gotten so mad that I almost hurt them. And I feel like it's a problem. That's not just in one location or one type of person. It is a broad problem. That is you know, it's going all the way across the United States. I don't understand it. I really don't but all I'm asking you guys to do is pray for poor landing and poor Al for you know again as poor little soul and whatever he went through I pray whatever she did to him. He did not suffer, but I do hope that t suffers. I hope every day of her miserable life is hell. I hope she Garfield's happiness. I hope every day is just you know, the worst day of her life. I don't want her to ever feel Love's Embrace a hog. I don't want to see daylight again. I want her to suffer for what she did this little boy as always. I'm going to follow this, you know with every little beat of my heart and find out as much as I can and as soon as there's more information as soon as she appears in court on the 11th, you best believe I will be updating you guys. You can follow me here on my podcast. You can also follow me on YouTube. YouTube you can look at Mommy's crime time. You can also find me on Instagram as well as on Facebook. Thank you so much for listening, and I hope you guys have a great night.