Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as the mayor to make sure that International students know they was they were welcomed in Bristol, you know, I can't account for national government and people will receive whatever message they do from them. But we really been proactive. We put a little video together to welcome students to Bristol. We've also welcomed International faculty. So we do a reception each year. Where the fact that actually it's done. It's been done here a few times and we just welcome them to Bristol said you are welcome here and there's other work that goes on as well. There's bisque that I think each year. They do an event for international students. I think Woodlands Church is about 700 750 International students attend. And again, just just welcoming people to Bristol. I know there's going to I notice some practical impact as well with universities participating in joint research projects, and I think that I heard Totally and it'll work the numbers say that some projects have actually started to avoid engaging with British universities just in case they became a liability and the drive to get research grants universities were no more detail on that about how much traction there is or is not happening. But yeah that will you know, that will be a challenge and you know, we're all part of brand Britain and universities and on cells are very International organizations. We are not inward-looking insular. So I think you know So there's a challenge that University brand through it. But you know, we're working hard to make sure that we protect protect our universities brilliant that's good. So can the council ensure continuity of opportunities? So this is in regards to like students that may want to have a wanted to go to study or live work. In other EU countries that are don't have the freedom to do that. Would you say that there's a way the city can offer alternative or Black building opportunities new creative career paths for people that might not be able to do that anymore. Well, obviously that that whole structure around Erasmus was, you know, kind of a national government level and international level that individual local authorities weren't really involved in setting up. So we are somewhat dependent on what the government sets up but what I will say is what we have done at the city level is trying to broker a city to City. Chips with that support University to University relationships so City to city will still a part of Euro cities and we will remain part of the Euro cities, which is a European wide network of cities as it says on the says on the tin and a couple of years ago Bristol with course cities or went over to meet Michelle Barney and give a hosta and what we said was irrespective. What a national government does. What can we do as British cities to? An connected to other two European Continental cities to European countries and to the EU itself. So, you know, that was the you know, the conversation we've also in Bristol. We've got a Bristol Brussels office. We've had this for a number of years, but we've upped the ante on that. So one of my opposition parties is actually been arguing we should withdraw the funding for that office we said now is exactly the wrong time to reach all the funding I go through a CNN you take your funding at your brexit open your Brussels office wrong thing to do. Yeah, we put in funny. And actually that is now jointly supported with the University's right so we put some money in but I but the University's put money in as well because they recognize the importance now of maintaining a foothold and have an influence in Brussels. So it is a bit. We're in a as a city. We've been very proactive of very positive. Yeah, that's bad protection is relationships and we'll see what opportunities can come out of that. I don't know what those are yet, but we can only explore so because I did read in and ask God that they they said they did projects to have a labor shortage. Jeremy did about three million skilled workers by 2030. So it's good to know that you have that Brussels office. Yeah, just that just keep an eye on purchased, you know keeping our purchase being aware of the conversations just have a feet on the ground means we're kind of aware of what's going on and what opportunities there may be coming through and it sends a positive signal again irrespective of what goes on in the National level negotiations and a Taught the government begin to enter into our fellow cities and institutions and universities know that we are in the business of and positive relationships, but for the sake of our populations in general and because we're an international City that's really important to have. Yeah. Thank you. I do know that brexit has contributed towards racial discrimination and intolerance in the UK. So I just wanted to know your role as mayor of Bristol. What part do you play in welcoming isn't a national students and helping to minimize the issue of the racial discrimination. Yeah, so immediately after the referendum we had a spike in hate crime as a city. It pops up is we actually immediately then in Bristol off the referendum the very day of the result will we organized a brexit meeting? All right, and we set up a brexit working group that had us. The University's business and sorry we're involved as well stand against racism and inequality, right and we set up a number of pieces of research for Bristol one was around assessing the strengths and not and the opportunities we want to put that in there as well and challenges of brexit to business the economy to our universities, but the other strong track was looking at the social impact as well. So we were tuned into looking at what was going on in our communities whether there was backlash hate crime because I I came to a council meeting last year and you were talking about the like the preparedness committee. Yeah, and about the funding for like disproportionately affected areas that like heart lifting with you would yeah that was good to know that there was some kind of preparation for that. I mean, I don't know how things have played out whether that's needed to be used. Yeah. We're still going the brexit the brexit group met this month this morning. Actually I was there and we were looking at whole range of topics like environmental standards that are investing. And although we could disappear protections around equalities and women in particular women's commission was speaking a lot of the protections for women's equality in the workplace from Western European law that would could potentially disappear protection around food standards business particularly some of the small businesses how they navigated cooperation between our police forces and then obviously the social over Hood but it is my job in many ways to help set a tone. I mean, I'm obviously the child of mine. Grunts myself what my granddad came from South Wales and my dad came from Jamaica. This is my story. It's I'm sensitive to this. We want Bristol to be a city of sanctuary, you know a home to people that come here. And so yeah by sending out messages doing the videos We Run The we are Bristol campaign. If you've seen that it's worth looking, you know that again as I said in the message and we've done some very practical things so our Citizens Service point on Temple Street 100 Temple Street, and then we've won kind of Ignition for supporting European Nationals process to process their paperwork. We've been very proactive to the point. We've even had visits from the consulars from Germany France. I we've added some visitors from these countries that just you've got ties with those countries. Yeah. Yeah France to Bristol. Yeah. Wow, but the way we've supported people here to be on top of their paperwork. Yeah is what's one US recognition is more than you know, and all credits of the team who've done that amazing work. Oh, yes, how will brexit affect overseas study and research. Well, I think the danger is that that the the Erasmus programme then disappears which is where which was a vehicle that made it possible and kind of structure your organization e financially for for students to be studying overseas. Yeah. I know. I know a lot of the idea of how it affects it but a lot of the yui ones around in Asia, no cleaning. Really? Maybe it's because I personally I'm more interested in going there that I saw those more but it seems to be more that I don't know what the University of Brussels like there whether it's something different. So it's very like, you know completely International it already. Yeah, but it doesn't it does make me wonder whether it's going to affect any of the ones which are in Europe because I can see there is a few in Spain Curry anything that anything that makes it harder will make it harder by definition. So, you know getting rid of that support will make it harder and as I have Just heard anecdotally that some of the universities on the continent of started to to think twice about British university has been involved in a research project. And and then certainly I mean you can imagine that British universities were then at least not be put in a position to lead research project because if the funding depends on on being part of the EU and you've got a British University running it and all sorts of problems come up. So again our University faculty. More about this than me, but we see where over the last few decades. We've tried to put systems and cultures and Finance in place to make the flow of knowledge and cooperation seamless. We're taking those away which by definition will make them less seamless which will cause a rich because challenges so I would say as a crystal as you know is very unique City in England's it's been sort of famous for like it is independent spirit. I know we were jority as a city didn't vote for brexit. How would you say the crystal can lead the way in terms of others UK cities in trying to basically make something positive out something we didn't necessarily vote for agree with not trying to get too bogged down into that. But what would you say is something positive going forward that Russell can sort of do you to influence other people to influence the other cities we are so I'll say two things about this right? So I think one of the things that we can He was a city is actually helped craft the conversation about how you talk about brexit. Yeah. So one of the things I've been at pains to do is to not feel negative about people that voted Bracy suppose. I think Brett's it was like just wrecks. It was a wrong answer to the right problem some of the motivations for people whoever breaks. It were perfectly valid, right? Then we're left behind by the national economy. Bristol's our city you talk about the independent spirit and that's all that's all true. But it's also a city in which one in four kids are living in poverty. So I got I got a ton, you know while the local rag tried to give me a tough time. They've had a because I said there was more to Bristol down balloons Bridges and Bruno and even think that was controversial. You know, if you're in heart Cliffside for me Lawrence Hill worrying about food poverty fuel poverty, you know, you're not you're not loving the view of the bridge and the cause that doesn't say that the goes in a bruise on key parts of what Bristol is, but as someone said to me, it's caught a Bristol's identity. I said, well not all Bristol as there's no tax. So Except that that gentleman of of of our city and our country and there were people are very present in Bristol. Obviously who've been left behind. I recognize that I recognize people's disillusionment with politics, you know hasn't delivered for everyone. All right the big you know, and also we have a culture that you know, it is a very kind of zero to a hundred miles an hour in anger and very simplistic analysis often, you know delivered through our media as we were just talking about and our local Ragan's oval so So, you know, that's a real these are all massive challenges for us and I don't come as an unqualified love of the EU, you know after the referendum. I had one of the former MPS saying to me I must declare myself a European. Well, I'm of African Heritage surely you can understand the kind of awkwardness in kind of communist and I must call myself a European when we talk about European colonialism and all that these things are not straightforward, right but in all that my point is brexit is a raster to the right problem. breaks, it will not I don't think brexit as it's being served up is going to solve the problems of economic inequality political disillusionment angry simplistic politics and the loss of identity that many people are feeling not least because the people who would architects of brexit have not had an interest in those questions ever since they've been involved in politics 25 years and you know the image I had is if your marriage if your marriage is underperforming some Lothario comes along whisper sweet nothings in your ear about you know, how fantastic you are and you go with them. That's not necessary right decision. And that's what's happened. People are coming whispered how your Britain you're great. You're fantastic you get your sovereignty back to get your decision about going outside is nice, you know, and they've gone off they've gone off with the brexit party and elements and it's not it's a false promise. Yeah. So I think finding a way of talking of respecting people's experience and their disappointment with the political system, but also holding fast as saying but Not the solution to it is a position of respect put all suspicions of reality that I think it's probably helpful to take terms of what we can do. I think we've been correct ferocious the international we celebrate the fact that we got 92 languages if I dare say I'm an international myself. I'm mixed race and the first mayor in Europe of African Heritage, which is quite remarkable first directly elected mayor of converging in Europe. We've said we've reached out to Barney a we're part of Euro cities when the global Parliament. The mayor's were part of these Global networks of cities. So we've not sat back. You know, we've in the face of a government has gone AWOL on defending our interests. We've stepped up to defend our own interest and the interest of the people that live here. I really respect that as well as a person that because I mixed race as well. So I mixed with Pakistani and British Heritage and I really respect that and I see you as sort of like an inspirational figure what if any support can public bodies provide to She'll continue to be of things like funding and opportunities. Well as a challenge, I mean, I think maybe one of the first things we can do is to make sure people got any paperwork in all that at the actually I got my number here 26,000 people in Bristol registered for the EU settlement scheme. That's a huge logistical effort. Not just in terms of process in the paper, but making sure people know they need to get the paperwork done. So us helping people be on top of that paperwork is massively important and you can see the consequences if we done with the Windrush Scandal now. Will people came here at the age of three paperwork not done their juts out the country few decades later. I mean, that's the best thing we can do and then as a local Authority just working and being responsive to our universities and our businesses and our families universities know what need to happen. We want to back our universities and corporations to be successful same with businesses. And then we want to keep families together, you know, the prospect of some people losing mums or or far the children losing mums or Others to to this is not okay. We want to defend her but past we have a few friends who were sort of worried thinking what am I going to do? I don't even have to leave the country. Yeah, it's automatic fuse of think of you sure. They can't they can't plan of you. He's in the future that they dig their scoring is yeah, you can't live like that but will also be limited in what we can do. And again, that's where we worked. We need to work very closely with our with our members of parliament making sure they've got the material the material they need to go to back in the comments and make the case for Bristol and Bristol citizens. There's been lots of talk in like the video and on Facebook about sort of in a joking way of our Bristol becoming independent from the United Kingdom. What's your view on that? I just like to know some people say we're pretty independent now. Yeah, there is a there is a I mean clearly that's not going to happen. But you know, we are building. Our own structures are like that hopefully will allow us to take more control of our future. I think I think actually the interesting point is that at the moment work we are in the Witnessing the very real limitations on the ability of national governments to deliver. All right, they are not delivering on climate change inequality Democratic legitimacy economic inclusion tackling poverty National governments offending to do it. And what we're saying is that we need Global governance to move into its next iteration. And that means that leaders are cities are networks of cities as equal Partners in shaping National and international policy. So in many ways, we then set up the vehicles to try and exert that influence whether it be through Global networks of cities in the west of England and South Wales. We've launched the Western Gateway, which is new economic region from Swindon Swansea Gloucester two-bath with Bristol and Cardiff in the middle. It's a new Powerhouse in yeah, we're saying actually we can be we can be a gateway to the world and that's our that's why were communicating ourselves and you know, just back us make the investment in us and we'll begin to begin to work. So we're trying to be very proactive as as proactive as we can in shaping our own. Future and actually a very Bristol level we've done that through the one city plan. If you've seen it, you know, this is about us saying if we don't state where we want to be something else will so let's make a clear statement about where we want to be in 2050 and what we need to do every year to get there but not as local Authority working alone. The one city plan was written by us. Yui Bristol University business Community Hospitals pre-service policy sets of groups what's in it is a byproduct of a city conversation and not just Council officers. Well, That's good. So we're trying. Thanks for listen to on the spot. This podcast is created and hosted by Bristol city council to him or discussions about the key issues affecting Bristol. Make sure to like And subscribe to on the spot on Apple podcast Google podcasts or even Spotify. You can also find us at www.expressoil.com of dot U k--