What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John, welcome to the show to the tone Pitkin podcast show. How you doing man? Thanks for coming on Jimmy. I'm doing great cave on. Thanks for having me man. This little little impromptu this morning, but it's a great way to start my day. Yes, but spontaneous is everything. So listen, John is really funny because yesterday I was like God I could talks about so many things with you about, you know, related to bitcoin and we're going to talk Bitcoin, but then you know, I me and my girlfriend went pretty early to sleep or I don't know we fell asleep. So let me tell his because it's so funny. So hilarious the whole story is so I had a dream where you you and me and another friend. I don't know who it was was we're driving in a car and we started talking and I had my podcasting, you know in the backseat running and I thought okay, you know, it's just recorded. It just have a talk and and then we start talking about Bitcoin a while and then after a while, I don't know. Time lapses in my dream. So we start talking about psychedelics and I don't know why is it all about like psychedelic experiences? I have wash. I don't know why you know, maybe the idea was how could we was sort of the context was like, how can we open up people to comprehend or you know to be more receptive to bitcoin and so we went to another restaurant, you know, we had to squeeze ourselves into this bench with a lot of other people and with you know, continue talking about Bitcoin and psychedelics and I talked about you know about this. Lady friend, I have who's like 65 years old who reminds me of this Matrix lady you little Scamp. So he's so hilarious. So and make a great car. Right? I'm telling you this because afterwards today and I said, I told my girlfriend, you know, I got this interview at 6:00 p.m. Which I thought I would you know, I'd agree but that it was my mistake. And I said, well, you can check him out, you know, check out his body is a real big families podcast is like you know, right? Fire Bitcoin so she takes you out and she finds YouTube channel, which I never had, you know check and she and I we know we go through the topics. I'm like God it's like totally open minded, you know, like spiritual martial art yoga psychedelics, I think even is that true or no? Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know the YouTube channel was just something that you know, I don't I don't I like recording conversations with people that are you know interested. In similar things to me and so that was just the YouTube channel is just a repository really for these conversations. I was having which was part of the RV trip that I mentioned to you before we started but but yeah, you know, I whether it's psychic tell, you know, I've been into fitness and health my whole life been in the psychedelics for the last 10 or 15 years, you know Bitcoin for a number of years and like I don't know I'm just curious and I guess I'm drawn to things that I think are, you know have Potential to be tremendously beneficial in people's lives and in my life and allowing me to be the person and have the life that I want to have so, you know in Bitcoin, of course, as you know, you know it there's such a huge eight asymmetry between what people know about it what they think it is and what it actually could represent the impact that it could have in the future and that's why we're all so passionate about it. But I think you know psychedelics is another one in a very similar vein where people think it's one thing there's you know a lot of Misperception about what it is and it's actually something else and that something else is has such huge potential in my opinion for for positive impact and development and change and positive change in the individual that it like there's a lot of overlap between the two actually and so, you know, I'm I'm interested in those two things for that reason. Yeah the YouTube channel just for fun way to explore things. I'm interested in. So what's the connection that I meant? Tell me a little bit about your yours Journey your story about how do you what's your background? And how did you get to into Bitcoin? What's your rabbit hole story? My rabbit hole story. Well, I'm mean the first part is I've always been very very curious about everything, you know, just always wanted to see and think as clearly as possible and just pursue truth wherever I could find it. I know that's a bit, you know cliche but you know, that's I think we're all a lot of us in the Bitcoin community at least have somewhat of a bent towards pursuing the truth and finding clarity about things. not accepting what we've been told or what we've been taught but the thing that I thought about this the other day actually and I hadn't thought about it in a while but like the so when I was in high school, I was very interested in like the stock market and reading about you know, Benjamin Graham security analysis and Warren Buffett like really trying to absorb what these guys were saying because I wanted to be Filthy Rich when I was older right this this was the goal and but I was also simultaneously, you know, I was Like I love smoking weed when I was high. I love working out. I was in high school. So like all those things were pretty there was fertile soil for sure. And then so Marc Emery he was a Canadian marijuana Advocate and he sold seeds like marijuana seeds all over the world and the u.s. Actually, you know, actually invited him and charged him with like distribution of marijuana. He was like number One of the most wanted list or something absurd like that and he in like before when he was fighting the extradition and he actually was extradited and he spent a number of years in prison. He's out now, but when he was arguing his case, he was wearing a Ron Paul t-shirt one day and so I watched a YouTube video and I saw him like arguing his case and I thought well, who's this Ron? Who's this person on his T-shirt? Like why is he wearing a t-shirt with some guy's name on it? And so I looked into Ron Paul. All and then that led me down the you know Federal Reserve rabbit hole and all that kind of stuff and so for the longest while before when I was a gold like I was like, oh my God, the system is fucked, you know, you know the Fiat money system is such a you know, it's such a manipulated bullshit game. How do I protect myself and for me at the time, you know gold was the answer but as you know, I'm sure you've discussed with many people as well like You know, I was really disheartened when I started to see quote unquote the truth about what was going on and like, you know gold didn't give me that much didn't make me feel that much better about things. It was just a hedge against what might happen, you know, but I still you know, I found my way of moving forward and positively and trying to make the best of a bad situation but like many of us, I just didn't see how this whole thing would get turned around in a positive way. Thought it would keep going in the same negative Direction, excuse me, and And so then when Bitcoin came on the scene, I had you know, I got very early introduction to it. But I just I didn't see it for what it was right as so so many people I was right right, but I was interested enough to like pursue it intellectually whenever I had the opportunity so, you know, I watched Andreas is videos early on and you know, this this is going to sound bad because I like Andreas and he's done so much for this. Base and he's just he's an amazing asset but in the early days, he was always like don't go out and buy it learn about it and like that kind of stuff and I you know, I wish the early guys were like fuck that get some skin in the game by it and then let you know learn about it afterwards. But anyways, so I just kept my eye on it. And then I did my first interview in 2015 with Bobby Lee cuz we were both living in Shanghai at the time and not just kick started it. All and then you know, I've been observing it closely ever since so that's kind of the short version in the reason why I was in Shanghai the first part of my career there I was in finance and I was in wealth management. So I worked for a few years there. And then that was you know, soul-destroying didn't like it at all didn't like the people the industry anything like that. So I went back to school for three years and I did a degree in natural medicine kind of in line with the you know, pursuing health. all this for my whole life independently and then I went back to Shanghai and I work for two years in a clinic there in that capacity and then you know, and then I didn't like that either, you know, just far too much emphasis on revenue and greed and you know didn't like the owners and just wasn't a great situation all around and so I left in April 18 went to Amsterdam bought the RV and drove around Europe for a little while and then I met my girlfriend in Land and spent the last year in Thailand just you know, kind of living in training started the podcast in late August, I think in last year late August 2019, and now I'm back in Canada. I came home for Christmas, but My family's in the restaurant business here. And so I you know, there's certain things that they wanted some help with and I thought I could help. So right now I'm floating around Canada and doing some stuff with them but I suspect I'll be back in Thailand in the not-too-distant future really okay for like permanent or like more or less or yeah. I mean, I hate to be ambiguous, but you know, I don't know right now, I I love it. Are it's amazing and my girl is there and you know, we have a great situation there. But yeah, I mean, I'm kind of just floating around at the moment. I don't feel compelled to go back to China. You know, Shanghai you have always loved Shanghai and I spent you know, almost a decade there and it's a great City super modern its Cosmopolitan. There's lots of people there there's a ton of opportunity of course, but the China story is starting to you know unfold in a Action that I'm less and less comfortable with and then of course, you know with the current situation with the virus. It's not a time where many people are clamoring to get back to China a lot of the people I know are actually leaving. So yeah, I'm actually concerned a little bit to now because everything you know, he's booked and I'm going to Hanoi the Crypt economic conference organized by Eric boscorelli Bitcoin conference at Summit. So, I don't know, you know what to make of it, but I heard in Hanoi. There's not one single case of in of infection, you know. So yeah, I don't know how to think about the whole virus thing. You know, you hear so much stuff on Twitter and stuff like oh my God, it's good pandemic. The world is fucked or it's like a that's not then, you know, it's less than the common cold in terms of debt or common loon terms of s and stuff so thick. I think it's always great to exercise costs kind of stuff because it can get out of hand rapidly. Obviously with the way the world is today, but, you know down in Thailand and Vietnam and stuff at least right now. It doesn't I don't It's a really a serious threat. It's probably just an inconvenience more than anything because you'll probably have maybe get checked the checkpoints and stuff like that. But so far wrong, it's yeah, the problem is the incubation period now that we're talking about current what do you think is the what's going to be the impact for you know, the chain reaction of if it you know gets out of control and for you know trade Supply chains economies and everything is going on, you know with well, man. China's been pretty mum on the economic impact, you know, and that's just the way they get down there always like that. They don't you know, they don't share a lot of bad news over there. But I mean it's got to be substantial right factories are shut down people aren't people aren't working restaurants are closed like, you know, Shanghai, which is a city that hasn't really been that affected by the virus is shut down. Like I have friends they're sending me pictures and like downtown at 6 p.m. On a Friday night is a ghost town. So you It's and you know at people like apple companies like apple have come out and said this been disruptions in the supply chain and stuff. So, I think it's probably going to have a real big economic impact on China, but also the rest of the world, you know down in Thailand. There's way fewer Chinese tourists there, you know coming down right now and that's a huge impact on their economy. So I think it'll be pretty substantial and but the longer it draws out, of course the worse it'll be so I guess we'll have to wait and see until like the end of the quarter to see what real impacts our have. Ben hmm. Well if this scenario of a West Coast scenario continues, I mean, it's horrendous it would be horrendous and tragic and you know and really disturbing but on the other hand I'm like this could be like the triggering turning point for Bitcoin to go, you know on a trajectory. What is what do you think? Yeah. I mean you could make the case that you know, the run-up in January was may be partially motivated by that in the first place. It's like to stay for. And you know what looks to be the came in as many variables of course, but China is going to stimulate the economy for sure when this settles down or even even during and so there's going to be a lot more money sloshing around and you know, every other economy in the world is going to keep probably doing the same thing that they've been doing the interventions that they've been doing. So, I mean at this stage, you know, Bitcoin obviously has a mind of its own and it you know, it cigs when you think it's gonna zag and all this kind of stuff but there's just so many Variables that are you know on a you know mid to long-term time Horizon that are incredibly bullish for Bitcoin like so, you know so many from its on its own technical attributes and development for the community to little later microclimate around the world. So, you know, it's always that case where he like you think it's gonna pull back and then you can you know, stack more with whatever whatever be devoting to or or Yeah, I mean so for me, it's bullish. I don't know how it's going to play out. I don't know the ups and downs. I don't know if the virus or the stimulus or you know, if there's a big if there's a big global economic downturn either as a result of this or just there as a result of the fact that you know, we're in the longest bull market in history right now. So most people think maybe after the election because Trump will do everything he can to prop things up before that. Yeah, but you know after I've got to be a retraction and you No got to be pretty bad because we're way worse State than we were in 2008, you know in terms of debt and all the rest so, you know will in that environment Bitcoins never been tested in that kind of environment, you know, obviously Bitcoin was born out of last financial crisis. And so does liquidity dry up and to people, you know, pull back from the riskier sort of assets. And does that is that negative for Bitcoin or is there a massive flight too? Certainty and you know Bitcoin provides certainty obviously it's volatile, but you it's certainty is in its monetary policy. You know, how much is going to be when they're going to be issued all that kind of stuff and in a climate where in a chaotic climate where certainty is hard to find and the Global Financial system whether we're talking about currencies or stocks or whatever maybe the flight to safety to bitcoin will be Amplified in a scenario like that. And if that's the case man, I mean things could get really crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Have you been able to a little bit listen to the was pretty cool actually panel discussions on the on confiscate herbal event, which I would have loved to go. But you know was like, you know, so Feelin the mood. Yeah, come on Zuko trace my all these people discussing cope. If you have any chance you should check out their discussions. It's you know, Anton ways Channel and maybe on some other channels, too. I didn't see it. But what did they say? What did they say about all that? Well, they have different, you know topics talk about like one topic also Max Keiser with Stacy Herbert weather. So, you know, they talk about traditional finance and and you know, how for what that's the reason I wanted to ask you like because you were also in the wealth management business. Do you think like alternate? Hi, we call an alternate worse. People are you know more more waking up to bitcoin and secretly sort of stacking sets in millions of you know, when I was in when I was in the game, you know, Bitcoin just wasn't on the radar. So I don't know from that perspective. You know, I know Andy hedstrom, he just released his book why buy Bitcoin so he would be probably more insightful on that. And from what I've heard from him. It's starting to trickle in now and then you've got people like Al pal. Who says you know, like the infrastructure may not be ready for a lot of funds to get their clients into Bitcoin. Although that's obviously happening now as well, but he's you know, according to him a lot of you know, his his friends and the people he knows in that industry like the fund managers. They're all invested in it, you know, so it's you know, I think it's it's starting to get there and what I think a lot of people have been noticing even in the last, you know, three to six months is that you know, mainstream retail attention is starting to like perk up again, you know, like whether that's coverage on the news or whether that's your friends asking you about it again, or whether that's Google Trends or that kind of stuff but it just seems like it like the interest is starting to pick back up again and people are looking at it through a bit of a Front lens right 2017 was let's get rich quick and then it popped and oh, it's a bubble. It's tulips it's forget about it. It's bullshit and now people like noticing. Oh, it's still here and oh it's bounced back up to 10 and oh, it's it's not it's not tulips. It's a new Financial system. It's a digital gold its trust Network. It's this and that that like, oh that's interesting. And now there's so many more resources for noobs like it seems like there's a new book coming out every day. There's a shitload of podcast as a ton of great. The content online there's all these different sites that are curating content now, you know Bitcoin only and Bitcoin best and the work that they're Gigi has done the coin resources, like, you know, there's there's tons of stuff out there now. So if you're a new coming into the space, I mean people are still going to fall for the the normal pitfalls of you know, trying to make faster money on all coins or whatever bullshit is the flavor of the month, but but there's just, you know, there's a lot more resources out there and that's a good thing. So when interest Peaks up, hopefully people can skip over some of the bullshit right and you know, the fundamentals of Bitcoin I think are more and more and deeper deeper understood now with it. It's the average person or let's say, you know macro investors traditional whatever investors the monetary properties of Bitcoin, I think are now finally, you know, it's it's it's like going through the layers of the brain like, okay, this is really this is absolute scarcity when did You first for the first time like understand the principle of the fundamentals of absolute scars it because it took me a long time actually. Yeah, I agree and to address your first comment is you know, when I first started, you know, when I went down the rabbit hole with Ron Paul initially, right? Nope. The word Fiat was not in the public really, you know lexicon, you know, you wouldn't hear people on CNBC or anything like that use that word and now it's everywhere, you know, people are you know people that have those people on CNBC They're using that word Fiat and money printing is like also in the public lexicon people start to like people people most people don't understand the implications of that. But many people if you watch the financial news or if you pick up any of the political news or whatever, you'll probably hear the term money Printing and Fiat and that just that starting to seep in and that obviously creates more fertile ground when you encounter Bitcoin for it to sink in a bit more to understand that the impact of gravity e of it a bit more but yeah answer your second question. I didn't get it's funny a mean looking back on one's Bitcoin journey is always I mean, it's it's it's somewhat aggravating. It's funny. It's like you just you look back and notice how many things you missed and of course, you're always learning. So that's always going to be the case. And that's one of the wonderful things about it. But you know, the 21 million Supply cap was always I understood it. I was like, wow, this is Being a campy can't be manipulated. You can't just say I want more and create inflation and that kind of stuff and that's part of the reason why I saw value in it, but I didn't understand the term or the idea of absolute scarcity and particu. No just didn't sink in until I read safes book and after I read saves book it just it coalesced much more clearly for me. It's like much more impactful because they're really the same knowing that you know, it can will only ever be 21 million and Nevermore is this same as kind of understanding absolute scarcity, but it didn't there was a gap there in the understanding didn't sink in in such a way. And so when it did and when I finish safes book, I was just like oh shit Mike, you know, this this one aspect of this Tech this technology and this phenomenon. I didn't fully appreciate and I guess I'm sorry. I started to fully appreciate it then and yeah, so, you know again like The rabbit hole always goes deeper and your conviction usually increases with every step you take down there. Yeah, this process of you know, being having to not only the belief but I always say that trust like trust is beyond belief or conviction. But yeah, it's the same thing, you know, having the conviction to comprehension then then there's no more room for doubts of Skeptics or Seth Seth self-doubt self-sabotage, so, You know, right man, and yeah, one of the one of the things that looking back on it I can say hindered me in that regard was early on when I looked at it just you know looked at how it was distributed and the hard cap and everything about it. I was like, yes, this is awesome. But I didn't realize till later that you you mentioned like self-sabotage. I'm an aspect of it for me was I didn't Like and I don't think I'm I don't think it's entirely unreasonable to have thought this way because this is such a paradigm shift that like, you know, it's her you need my igniting it let myself believe found like that. I stumbled across like I World Inge future changing absolute paradigm-shifting technology like my whether it's my ego or my insecurities or whatever. It was about me just wouldn't allow me to Sit back and think John you've like found Atlantis here like you you really stumbled on something here at so I didn't appreciate it as much as I should have in the early days, but that's changed. Now, of course, what is okay, let's let's finish off. This this absence Karthik is there was this tweet some time ago somebody calculated, you know, there's like 21 million Bitcoins. There's like what 7 or 8 billion people On this planet and I think they are could that be like true like 35 million of 40 million millionaires. Is that does that is that like a like correct? Yeah. I think that's about accurate. I think there's like twenty 1 million in the state. So it kind of makes sense that there be another roughly 20 around the world. Yeah. So I'm like, you know, if it with it it you know, it's the average person or the you know, the big alternate High worth. Vidual it's like what do you have to lose like like even if you have like 0.28 Bitcoin, which is allegedly the average thing that is that puts you in the top whatever one or 10% of the you know, wealthiest bitcoiners. So I'm like, you know, this is like whether you call it like a hedge or you know, a savings technology or whatever. I think this is something that people have to grasp eventually that what do you Toulouse right if you allocate minimal, you know percentage of it a hundred percent and I think the fact that we've just was the first decade of its existence is probably going to be a big like psychological thing for a lot of those people because you just the best performing asset over the past decade you it's way harder to just dismiss it and say well it's not a real thing. It's a geek money. It's nerd money. It's Internet. It's tulips like you know. Oh, you're going to have a much harder time casting it aside from from now on just because it's got a decade under its belt and it kicked everybody's asses during that time. And so I think people are going to have to start looking at it more seriously and to your point. I mean what what is allocating Point 5 or 1 percent of your portfolio to it? It's nothing you're taking on almost no risk and the upside is tremendous. So I think again another reason why that's just another reason for For being bullish because when that really clicks and the kind of flood gates open for people in those positions and that industry. It's a no-brainer maybe like half course, we should allocate one percent as a hedge to everything else and probably more. You know, I mean, we're all were Psychopaths for Bitcoins. We've allocated way more than one percent. I assumed like people more conservative and that apps the consider other factors and professionals and blah blah blah, you know, 1% would is Possibly still very conservative, maybe two or three or four or five wood is would be the case and if that's the case again, there's just there's not enough of these things to go around. So the price is going to have to adjust upward. Do you see like the next one or two years the once the lightning thing I'm going to do this, you know, the this new development what's going on in lightning space? Especially when what Jack mahler's is like, I'm really excited with Jack. This is crazy because that would that would put something, you know a tool into the hands of people without the people having you to think about Bitcoin. I mean if then we've got finally these this the satisfaction of the outcry for like, oh, you know, it's got no utility. It's not a medium of exchange. You cannot pay your coffee with that. But then after you know, once you have like millions and hundred millions of transactions per second with the lightning Network, I think this is going to you know, just just you know, put it into it. A totally different dimension. What do you think? Yeah. I mean first first of all Jack is a total gangster. I mean, he's launching world changing Technologies bouquet shins from his like pewter room in his fucking boxers. You know, like I I smile when I think about how this history will be told, you know, in 20 30 40 a hundred years when when you know, because like will study the history of money right now and we'll look at gold right and we'll look at the Orion and we'll look at you know, what happened in Constantinople and you know, we'll we'll try to understand how these monetary instruments emerged and what happened to them and how they may be went away or devolved or whatever and like when the history is told when people are looking back in the like one of the you know, the big move, you know, big developments after a decade was you know, the lightning Network and here's one of the one of the you know, people that contributed like Okay, you're back John. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, maybe maybe I got my bandwidth problem. I don't know what's happening right now, but I don't know maybe sole eruption. So so yeah, that's where did you go? Where did you go? Did you let me let me lose my video. I'm going to turn off both of our videos. And so we have a little bit more bandwidth. All right. Where did where did I lose you? Where did you lose me? Yeah. Yeah, you were talking about Jack Mallards. It's like totally groundbreaking revolutionary who we're going to continue with that. Yeah, so I was just I was just want to say first of all Jack's a gangster and I think it'll be really funny. When we look back on the history of this, you know, what's happening now and him being one of the like the main figures at least in the development of lightning and for like people who are studying it at Time to look back and see this kid up and videos in his boxers about like these groundbreaking technological advancements. I think it's going to be pretty funny, you know lightning. I feel like lightning is a whole other universe that I am, you know going to need to explore because the implications of it. I think I still don't I don't fully grasp. I mean look how long it's taken us to understand, you know, a lot of the implications if not the full implications of the base. Layer that I think when we dive, you know, when the implications of lightning become more apparent it's you know, it's going to open up a universe of financial services and economic interaction and all sorts of stuff that right now, we just can't you know, we can't project our minds that far out into the future. I think it's awesome the work that's going on the it's awesome the work that Jack has done. I don't know enough about strike to really comment on it yet. Like it it it's an awesome service. I think it seems to me at least. Because and I'll have to talk to hopefully get a chance to talk to Jack about it. But you know, there's obvious connections to the That you know, if if it ever needed to or want it to be shut down by the forces that the powers that be it probably could be but still as a bridge right now to allow bitcoiners to act interact with no corners and no corners track interact with bitcoiners in a seamless way. I mean, it's awesome. Yeah, exactly. So I'm going to not going to not take too much time of you John because I know you don't have much time, but let's wrap it up because might you know, my internet connection could be, you know to become more. Asterisk. I'm good. I'm good on time for yeah a half an hour. So it's totally up to you. Okay? Okay now because I don't wanna you know mess with my maybe I'll have you back in a new future because this would I don't want to have like a low-quality bought a podcast. So John I wanted to ask you when you not not Beyond, you know, the monetary economical forces and potential Bitcoin. Where do you see like our society? This is something I II would love to you know, share more thoughts and because you know as a feed on the most talked about this in his book and I know I repeat myself sometimes in my interviews, but this is one of the most fascinating aspects that once we have this, you know Andreas Antonopoulos talks about the architectural foundation. So once we have this decentralized monetary system, you know, I call it the monitor root layer of Bitcoin. Where do you see our society or maybe I thought the educational wise would Which people may be become have PP more open-minded and more respect and receptive to additional ideas of what Bitcoin can enable facilitates in their daily lives in 10-15 years. Let's say to come, you know, I'm saying like how would people see people's lives change, you know, is it going to be more comfortable are going to be people, you know work less retire earlier have more free space free time more Innovative Technologies. You know that Zero to one Technologies. That's a feed animals talks about in his low time preference, you know gold standard versus Fiat standard. Do you know where I'm going with this a question? Like what's the vision? I do know where you're going and it's you know, it's one of the big questions often debated about Bitcoin, you know, and of course, it's all just speculation on the one hand, you know, first of all, of course interacting with Bitcoin changes, you know, your behavior and how you see the world and all of that and you Nine, everybody else that falls into this rabbit hole is proof of that some of a more primed. Do you know get it sooner but you know, I haven't met a Bitcoin or yet who is into space and has been in space for a while and hasn't you know change some aspect of their life or their behavior. So I think yes change is inevitable and it seems to be that change moving toward taking greater personal responsibility for you know nearly every aspect. Effect of your life whether it be Financial or health or familial or any other area is a is a pretty common Hallmark of that change. And so, you know, I think if Bitcoin were to become, you know, a global monetary standard or the global monetary standard, then we would probably see similar changes inspired in people that are interacting with it all over the world and that is awesome. I mean, I think that is sorely needed in In a global culture and civilization today and you know, it'll happen in pockets and spurts and you know, some people will just kind of remain luddites and their heads will stay in the sand. I mean, there's many examples today of like world changing technologies that we all engage in that a lot of people have just decided not to adopt. So there's going to be that it'll be interesting to see how it plays out. I mean if there's a like a bifurcation of humanity to the ones that benefit from you know, Oh engaging in using a far different monetary standard and organizing mechanism for human interaction then and versus ones that kind of stay in the old world. Then you know this whole concept of civil those and stuff may actually play out because you know, there's going to be one group that's far and away ahead of the other one and so that could play but and you know the transition probably going to be messy and I don't like thinking about you know, how The current state of affairs plays out. I'm extremely grateful that Bitcoin exists as kind of like a picture up truck driving next to the train that's about to roll off the tracks, you know, and you people can jump off onto the pickup truck and and save themselves, you know that it's definitely good that that is here. But the transition will probably still be a bit messy and I don't look forward to that but you know a hundred years from now or whatever period in the future, I just see, you know, far more peaceful far fairer far more prosperous. society as a result of using something like Bitcoin is as the global monetary instrument because you know in this space there's a lot of talk about different economic philosophies, you know, Austrian economics and libertarianism and socialism and all this kind of stuff and these are you know, perfectly fine and entertaining arguments to have I just published a podcast today with Jeff Van Drew, and you know, he Not a free market capitalist, even though he's a Bitcoin supporter. So we had a you know, nice friendly little back and forth and disagreements and it was fun. But I just tend to think that this Society we get, you know, so the behavior of the people in that society and then the greater sort of emerged structures that emerge in society as a result or that that result is is primarily predicated on the instrument that's used to organize human economic interaction aka the and so I think that if we're finding that we're not organizing as a species as optimally as we see your Socialism or you know capitalism as it's been tried before or crony the you know, like whatever our issue is with how we're organizing and interacting I think instead of looking at a philosophy or theory of organizing to try to resolve that and I think we should look at the mechanism or the inch. On which all of that organization is predicated and that is the monetary instruments. Oh, there will come a time. You know, let's say let's say in the future that Bitcoin is the global monetary instrument. I suspect there will come a time whether it's a hundred years or 500 years or 50 years or whatever where we'll say, you know, the problems that were noticing in the world, you know, there will obviously be problems and I think the smarter It's resolving them won't be like what kind of political philosophy can we conjure up? But rather? Okay, let's look at the attributes of Bitcoin and let's determine what those attributes manifest in terms of social behavior and you know and culture and let's see if tweaking any of the others can ameliorate the issues that were seeing, you know, so that's why we're all so hyped up on bitcoin because we can see how this might using this monitoring instrument not only has affected us in our personal lives, but would do so much for you know, removing inefficiency and you know, reducing corruption and and and like far reducing e incentive for reward and promoting peace and all that kind of stuff. So that will always be the case and I instead of getting bogged down in these political Theory arguments. I just think it's it's almost always going to be about that monetary instrument upon which Society is based and if we're still seeing problems in society, we should look at that instead of you know, some Theory to layer on top of it. I think yeah, so we're on the same page John that's good. Yeah. Yeah, that's beautifully said no, you know, why because the most exciting of course, you know, we all want to become more, you know, it's all about the fundamental. It's about a fundamental human right? It's about Freedom. It's it's about, you know, being really in every on every level we can imagine. We are we Are definitely not free at this moment and right and if you if you we questioned, you know, the essence of the legitimacy of the nation state the governor any nation state any government any you know, Central Bank, so the whole centralized structures it just it I mean what could work could think you know, this is a dystopian nightmare, but it's reality. So yeah, once we have this, you know decentralized free architecture. Which you know, a lot of Bitcoins are prominent Bitcoin is a preaching about this could eventually this is the most exciting aspect. This could read like facilitate the release disclosure and development and and mass production, you know of of totally Innovative Technologies, which could eventually no serve Humanity serve us and this is what I couldn't I see I couldn't agree more I couldn't agree more man, and I you know, we all think we live in the soup. Super modern world today and like, you know progress has been made obviously, but I do think you know, what would what would have been the case if we had just you know, well, I mean you can't do these what is right because the reason why we have Fiat money right now is because of the failings of gold, right so we can't say like, oh wouldn't it be great if we're still on harder monetary standard but so two years to your point. I just I totally agree. I think that you know Global adoption of Bitcoin as the you know primary monetary standard. We'll just mean complete unlocking or unleashing a human potential and we will see development and interaction and exploration and technology and prosperity and peace the likes of which we can't even really imagine match Alex. I know that sounds like super exaggerated. But if we're if we're where we at right now where we are right now based on the monies that we've used in the past. I mean, I was such a profound. Upgrade in the money and you know people really need. I know you appreciate this and most bitcoiners listening to the people in the you know, the normal world really need to appreciate the role that money plays in a society. I mean it's so it's foundational and when when that money is has been upgraded to to the extent that Bitcoin represents. I just it's hard to imagine how that's going to the benefits that are going to manifest in the world as a result of that. So I'm super pumped. Yeah. And you know you one of the few people John, I mean, I know that I you know, I listen to your parties and I know you've been deep in the rabbit hole. So I think most people have a hard time understanding comprehending how much time and potential we have lost because all these technologies have been either suppress. I mean, whatever started with Nikola Tesla, you know, and this whole thing with JPMorgan, you know, it doesn't matter but I mean, there's so many inventors scientists. There's so much potential out there. That has been you know with it be the patent system or you know, I'm like we could have a totally different civilization. This is what I'm saying. You know and Bitcoin is the ultimate tool it we have no other choice than to have this decentralized money hardest descartes's money with all the monitor properties we can dream of and you know, I'm sometimes you know, how can we communicate this vision? The reactive reality of this Vision to you know to the masses out there it's real and it's possible, you know, well you're doing it man. I mean, that's what that's what this kind of stuff is about podcasting writing books articles talking on Twitter like it's happening before our eyes and sometimes it's difficult to see things when you're in the eye of the storm as it were but, you know these sorts of conversations that you know, we all have our blind spots of course, and we All our scope of knowledge on things is always incomplete, but what you know, what is what pervades the Bitcoin quote-unquote Community is, a lot of people that you know have humbled themselves enough to go down a rabbit hole of learning about something that is very complex and has wide reaching implications in order to understand it in its totality. You have to understand you have to study history. You have to study economics. You have to study, you know. you know politics to some degree human behavior technology all of that kind of stuff and I My Hope Is and I think this is the case, but when people interact with these sorts of conversations if they're at all open-minded enough to have a you know, or if they're at all able to have an open mind and not just and presumably if they've if they've sought out these conversations and they have enough of an open mind they're going to they're going to see people that seem very very genuine and seem reasonably well, Well formed and seem to be having good-natured and well-intentioned discourse about this stuff and that in itself has an impact. I remember when I was first listening to Andreas like there was some things I was like, I don't know what the fuck he's talking about. Like I didn't the content. I wasn't Landing for me, but I could see I could see how genuine and truthful he was being. Yeah, I could see the passion that he had for it. I mean not many people can get up on stage and just kind of stream of Consciousness talk about something that's So complex and has so many different angles from which to look at it and Andreas could do that. And so when I was observing him, I was like, okay, you know not sold on the actual fun the objective attributes because I don't have the context enough time to appreciate them all yet, but I can see a guy who's clearly genuine and passionate and informed and that was you know, that inspired me as well to look further because there's so much out there today on so many things and there's so much Bullshit out there and so much fake shit and so much disingenuine behavior that when you can counter genuineness and authenticity. You're like, all right, there's this is there something going on here. Like is it worth my while to investigate it? Yes or no. That's the decision. We all have to make but like, you know, so I think these conversations and you know as many of them as possible and I'm you know, I haven't done any speaking yet publicly but it's definitely something I'd like to do because like you sure it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. if if you get up and you don't know the answer to the questions okay if you miss State something it's okay if you said something one week and a week later you changed it a bit like people people aren't going to hold you to strictly to being perfectly accurate and everything you're saying people are going to hold you to being genuine and authentic and having the right intent and if you can do that and share some of that enthusiasm and this is something that I've said on a bunch of my pods is like and I know like if you're in the Bitcoin space and you want to remain anonymous Amos totally respect that and you know it's all good but you know I'm a fan of sharing enthusiasm because people respond to enthusiasm so if you can talk about this subject Manner and show that enthusiasm and authenticity I mean people are going to be drawn to that and then they start their own Journey about you know gaining more information and heading on down the rabbit hole but you know I just think more and more and more everywhere everyone not that not that it requires us I mean this thing is going to Impose its will on the world whether we're involved or not, but you know one I enjoy it. It's fun. I think it's tremendously important and the reality is is like if we connect Here then that's probably a worthwhile goal because because of the positive effects that it probably will have and you know being historically accurate. It's not going to I'm not going to lose sleep over that either, you know, of course the risk is being not historically accurate, but if I can look back in 10 to 20 years of my life and say yeah, I was like there at that time and I was you know, I was trying to contribute in my small way then you know, I think I'll I'll be comfortable data in the future. Yeah, yeah. Well patience is a bitch. I know it for my self impatient because I know you know it we can we can Mass accelerate this I know we we just need the critical adoption rate with its two three or five percent of the Earth's population and it's just it's just going to take off. I just know that but maybe it has a purpose in built purpose or there's a sense to that whole thing why it's taking the process as it's you know as it's going right so Yeah, but you know, you know, it's interesting is is like the thing that I guess I sometimes have to remind myself. It's like there's no end here. Right like, you know Bitcoin being adopted by 10% 20% 30% a hundred percent of the global population like things don't stop then like we will Move the goalposts and we'll find something else that needs our passion and our effort and our articulation and I had a chat with Bitcoin Sign guy and you know his one of the things he said in our discussion was Bitcoin can't be an end. You know, it has to be a means right? So it is it is a means to an end and there's no you know like you of course, I want to see you know, rapid and total adoption, but I kind of hold back on having that as an objective because that will just be another stage in the journey and you know, who knows what comes after that but but you know, so I I'm impatient to but on the other on the flipside, I'm not because I have you know, I feel like it's going to unfold as it should and also I got no problem with the Chiefs ass she you know, stack and cheap SATs, but but yeah. It's it's interesting man. I mean who knows where all this is going to wind up but one of the things I'm grateful for is actually this, you know having these conversations like we are right now because the in will ever future manifest in 10 or 20 years. Like I'm just going to be super stoked to have made these connections with people like you right now because I'm sure you know, we'll meet in meatspace one day and we'll have a beer and we'll talk about this stuff and it's just it's just a it's such an awesome Community. I know some people are averse to that. Term, but you know, I'm not so I use it pretty liberally but I just think this is such an awesome community of people and if you can if you can get through the vent, it's such a you know, like a super Spectrum, you know of people from all around the world from different, you know, let's just call it. I don't know, you know schools of thoughts and and philosophies and and perspectives and vision. It's really amazing, you know, totally and if you can get past the veneer Liu Shen of you know toxicity then what opens up is just the most stimulating, you know satisfying community that you could you know that I've ever come across so it's it's a I mean, I'm just lucky. I don't know how it all you know how this all happened. You know, I guess there's a certain degree of luck and a lot of us who came across Bitcoin and had the background to appreciate it to some degree early on but it's incredible man. I It just I was saying at the very beginning of this that when I was like when I became a gold bug because I saw the extent of the problems in the world. It was pretty disheartening and I kind of had to just you know, regroup and figure out how to move forward in life positively and this community and this, you know technology phenomenon, whatever you want to call it makes that a lot easier because it's this big giant, you know, Ray of Hope on the horizon. That's just shot, you know. Brightly. That's, you know, Rising on the horizon and shines more D-Day and You know that just gives you that boost that energy that excitement to to pursue, you know things that you think are worthwhile and not and not be so cynical and check out of life and just think everything is fucked and you know, there's never going to be better. I mean this radical change absolutely important. Yeah the intention, you know, like how do you think how that that that itself is, you know has an impact on our environment. You know, how we think what's your intention right a hundred percent man. I mean how many people in the world? Wake up? I mean I was this place before but how many people wake up at a job they hate and just like put their feet on the floor oh my God I know read a big sigh yeah yeah you know fill your body with crap and watch shit TV and just like just kind of hate the whole routine of life and you know I've joked a bunch of times on my show but like I think you know obviously we have Rising rates of depression and anxiety and this kind of stuff in the world today like I think the point should be any part of like a sensible protocol of someone who's like dealing with a mental health professional like yes you get your Psychotherapy and maybe a Sprinkle in a little bit of the emerging therapies around Academics and stuff but like maybe a bit of Bitcoin education was just that final little unlock to say hey because a lot of people of course it's personal issues. But we like our perception of ourselves obviously in reference to the world around us. So if we see the world around us, as you know, just a dark, you know storm clouds on the horizon. We can't see any way that the things we see that our problems can get turned around and that's going to affect us greatly. But if we have this little thing that That shines a ray of Hope on all that then that's going to impact our sense of Happiness content Miss opportunity positivity like all that stuff. So I do joke about it, but I feel like I can't wait for the first like psychologist or whatever to include that in their protocol like you've got Fitness and you know waking up every morning and having a good workout and doing the cold showers and eating well and you know psychedelic Psychotherapy and then a little bit Bitcoin is the cherry on the top and down. Seems like a pretty fine protocol that turns somebody's life around. That's the same release the resort program and we should open up a recited on I'm thinking about it. I'm working. Honestly, I think people are ready is seriously John. I think people are now finally, you know it now with its diet and you know, I used to be vegan myself as for six or seven years. So, you know, there's a reason I changed my diet again, but you know, I think people really more conscious more self-conscious more, you know. self-reflective and I think this is the the pulse of our times, you know, 100% I couldn't agree more and again, like we always look out on the world to see if there's any evidence of this way that we're thinking but like we are the evidence like we like were the person that other people were waiting for like the person who who knew all this that what we're discussing and was this kind of mindset like 15 years ago where the people they were waiting for example good and so there's going to be you know, there's going to be people in 10 years that were the people that we were waiting for and so this change is happening because it is us and I you know I like I discussed my background at the beginning of the show like you know always been into you know Health and Fitness and Wellness and obviously the Psychedelic stuff so yeah man I'd love to get groups of people together and and explore some of these Pursuits and these areas you know subject matter and perhaps In the future, like help people get a little taste or sample of them so that they can see if it has any benefit in their lives and then and then go on from there, but there does seem to be and it has for a while seem to be pretty dramatic shift in in mindsets around the world. Obviously particularly in the younger generation now. announcing that is still like an accelerating amounts of crazy shit to which is you know is always concerning but look maybe that's always the way of the world and you know, we just have to for me it's all about not trying not to focus about on the the crazy shit that's going on in the world, but just being and building the change you want to see as cliches as it sounds but if you're engaging in the things that you think are beneficial in your life and have a Broader beneficial impact and continuously working to understand yourself as well as you can and working to improve yourself as much as you can then look that's the best you can ask for you gotta let the chips fall where they may if you do that. Yeah, and you know, I'm right now I'm thinking okay some of my listeners going to think what's got get got that to do, you know with Bitcoin. So so what it does it does, I mean, it's I wish we got to see Italy really in a holistic, you know perspective for holistic perspective and comprehension. Level because it will it will real unimaginably and radically, you know change every facet of Our Lives sooner or later. So it was to be honest with you Jon. This is one of my favorite talks I've had with you because it goes real to the essence of why Bitcoin, you know, why we doing why why are we striving? Why are we trying, you know doing whatever it takes to educate to open up to you know, and I love you open-minded, you know. if I may call it you know scientific spiritual open-mindedness and yeah mean hope you know you're going to come to Austria I'll see you sometime in person because we could do a special episode on you know obvious psychedelic stuff well then I'm sure you know when we get together I'm sure we'll have like a several hour long conversation over some some beers or something like that but absolutely but yeah like I said man I I've always you ever since you launched your show I thought the format was awesome I loved how you initially got you know several different people on the like a three-way or four-way calls for thing and I've used your interviews to prepare me for for some of the guests that I've had on my show so I'm and let's say the same about you my really recently I think your questions are like awesome it's like on spot you know like super sharp minded questions that really cut to the chase you know and really make the your guests really Reflect thinks you know totally differently as as as if they you know would have just been in a normal conversation. It's really awesome. Are you study interviews? You know? Well, I really appreciate that man, and I'm as perhaps it's the same with you, but it's funny like, you know, I started this because I enjoy having these conversations and like, you know, sometimes you can fall into the Trap of like starting to You like her thinking more about like oh what do people want to hear and maybe I should do that for that and like I always come back to no. No. No this this is from me like that. These conversations are from me and you know, I published them just in case anybody else wants to listen in but like, you know, this is because I want to have these conversations and I want to connect with these people, you know as genuinely as possible over a shared shared interest, but still, you know you sometimes I record my listen to it back. I'm like the fuck was that like if ya just We're always our worst critics I guess but so it's nice. Nice. Nice to hear those those words man. I appreciate the kind of so, yeah, let's wrap it up John and hope to you know, get you back soon. You know, I'd love real to see you in person. Your Twitter handle is John Kay valise and you got your Bitcoin podcasts Bitcoin rapid fire. And we also what I found fascinating your YouTube channel. Yeah, the YouTube channels got a bunch of sprinkling of a bunch of different stuff as part of my that RV road trip. I just like I would park in a parking lot like in different places around Europe and if I saw somebody interesting like there's one up there the Italian Yogi, so I parked on a in a little parking lot in some small town in Italy. I can't remember the name of it. But he was he was next to me meditating. He like right next to me meditating. So when he finished I went up to him as I came. And you don't want to like record a conversation. That's awesome. And he was like, what about and I was like, I don't know we'll just roll the camera and talk and he was like, yeah, ok, cool. So so, you know, there's a bunch of conversations like that in there. So yeah a little bit of everything. I'm going to check check some of these out of your videos out with my girlfriend cuz she was pretty impressed if the topics you cover, you know on your YouTube channel by that's so funny. I just had a dream last night about psychedelics with John but basis. Weird and if you want to I got the only one that from Earth direct you towards it. Yeah. The very first one I did was that the on psychedelics conference in Prague in 18 thinking June maybe and it's with dr. Bill Richards. Okay, so it's which one which one is it there? Let me see if I can find it that one. Number one psychedelic medicine doctor Bill Richards the second. Well, yeah got it. I've got a chance so he's the he's The Clinical Director for States Of Consciousness research at Johns Hopkins school of medicine and he's been around since the early days with Tim Leary and Richard Alpert and all the way through and he and two other guys at Johns Hopkins and 99 start like restarted the academic research into psychedelics and over the last 20 years they've really formed the basis for all the the research that's now being used to change the policies and get these substances integrated into the medical system so and he's such a lovely man he's got such great stories so I talked to him for a looks like about an hour there at that conference and you know if you're kind of even if you're new to psychedelics or psilocybin or even if you're not I mean I think that was my best work that was my eyes it was all downhill from there that was my best interview and then it all got worse from there but I just he's such an amazing man So if you're interested in that subject matter, that's a good place to definitely I'm a huge advocate, you know of, you know, using psychedelics in theory syrup therapy, you know and and medical applications and and therapy in general because it made people, you know, don't recognize himself. This is the most fascinating aspect of but anyway, let's go maybe we can talk about this some other time privately. I'd love to man. Any time you want to chat either on a pot or otherwise, just let me know happy to come on. Thanks so much, John. I really enjoyed our talk. Hope to talk to you soon. All right, me too, man. Take care of yourself and have fun and Hanoi. Thank you so much. Bye. Bye.