Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my Man, Bruce Springsteen John Mayer, whoever but it's great. Now that you can find the podcast there and you can do it for free. You don't even need to premium account. You know, they have a huge catalogue of podcast on every topic including this one right here the sun solar panel. So if you don't like subscribing on Apple podcasts or Google or wherever you can listen right here on Spotify and it's great and you can mix it in with your music if you want while you're at work. It's fantastic on Spotify you Can follow your favorite podcast so you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen offline, wherever you are. They're easy to share what you're listening with your friends on Instagram to that's another great way. You can utilize your Spotify is you can share your podcast on Instagram. We all love doing that we all over share now. We ran over Share Society. So now you can share what you're listening to on Spotify podcast included in Instagram, so, If you haven't done it already be sure to download the Spotify app search for Sun solar panel on Spotify or broad brows podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the sun solar panel. So again Spotify Go download the app. I love it for my podcast listening and my music and the best part about it. You can do it with the free account. Hey, what's up? This is gobble from Phi Yuca. And you were listening to the sun solar panel podcast not emotion. Welcome to the Phoenix Suns solar panel podcast. My name is Tim Tompkins joining us this week. My very good friend. Mr. Greg Esposito. Oh, you're gonna call me first. I try and I try and switch it up. Everybody just hurt that you called me a friend. Listen, all I wasn't on camera, but my face drop when he went very good friend, and then you didn't see me. Oh and my other very good. And mr. Making you I will say every single time that I go to Phenix Dave treats me to dinner and it is so freaking nice that you do that every time so thank you. Those hooters wings are always spectacular when you guys go out. I'm sure the appetizer in one drink. Thank you Tim. I am glad that we are laughing this morning. I don't want to spend too much time on it. The sun's coming up with a disappointing loss this weekend. To the Pistons, which honestly I just found comical being beat by Brandon Knight. He did be this to hit some key fourth quarter. He had 11 points in the fourth and he celebrated every single one of them could be good for him. If I was him, I would know what let me just put it this way his 19 points in that game on Friday night is the most he's scored in the NBA since playing for the Phoenix Suns and several years ago. So he's had a rough go of it, but good for him. He got to play against the sons of one more time, but the only person left there's like two people left from his time here. I Robert server and Devin Booker and I'm guessing he's not mad at Devon. So, you know, also I you know, I don't want to spend too much time on the other team but do Derrick Rose was good. Yeah. It was it was impressive as good at. Yes. You definitely good he was It there was a couple of plays yours like tort especially the last two scores. He had to close out the game. We're just incredible. I wasn't never should have gotten there. Well, I think it was in the 30 at an up and under that was just you go. Oh, yeah, I forgot that guy was the MVP in 2011. He actually was in quality players. Yeah, it is. The thing is like the the defense that the sons were playing on them. It wasn't bad. No, I mean they were just lost. Yeah. I mean it was it was good defense. It was better offense and the sun just lost obviously disappointing, but there was something Call to that what isn't comical however is Kelly re likely out the remainder of the season with a torn meniscus. Obviously, he's going to be getting a second opinion on this which I know espo that you tweeted some thoughts about and I think it was a mic be Hill over at the Timeline also tweeted some thoughts. What kind of wondering if it is more of a son's training staff issue that he's seeking a an opinion on this the not trusting them or if this is more of the standard with these sorts of injuries. I don't know guys always I mean we hear a lot about guys seeking a second opinion, so I'm not going to assume it's because of what we talked about with the training staff and the fact that there's multiple rotating team doctors right now and and everything. I don't want to assume that because I don't know the the the people that are that are the doctors I'm guessing very Lee qualified just a just a different kind of situation then has been here in the past and we've heard of guys looking at second opinions and I think there's multiple ways if I remember correctly specifically from Eric Bludso's time with this there's multiple ways that they can fix a tear in the meniscus and and some can get you back on the court quicker but have the potential for more bone on bone in the long run and there's different ways. Ways so I'm sure it's more about deciding the best way to fix this tear or if he even needs to fix it or of rehab can potentially take care of what's going on. So, I don't blame him. I would get as many opinions as possible because you know in the end it's his livelihood that that's impacted by this and he's going into the final year of a contract so he wants to make sure to To ensure that everything is taken care of properly. So I'm not going to end and everybody knows I beat the drum on the training staff and the chaos of last offseason being being questionable at best, but I'm not going to put this on them. I think it's smart by Kelly oubre to just get every as much information as possible and protect himself long-term. Yeah. Let's talk about a meniscus. A little bit. I did a little bit of Light reading. I'm not a medical professional but there are some articles on the on the googly thing. He had a red WebMD. All right, we're good. Yeah, right. There is some variation on what what you can do with a torn meniscus. It depends on where the tear is. It depends on if it's mostly fraying or if it's a real tear the fact a the fact that it's not an acute injury where another ligament went as well then it's more likely. Because of the location of this is a long-term wear and tear that finally got to the point that it needs that it created swelling and pain and needs to be fixed. So it's not necessarily something that happened acutely in that Utah game, which is my first reaction, but it's something that just got to the point where now he's got to do something. So you all will remember Eric Bledsoe. Eric Bledsoe have been discus issues all through his son's career is his he had one initially before he came to the Suns with the Clippers. He missed the second half of the season after having it trimmed or shaved or whatever that is, but basically just repaired and then in his first season with the sons, he did it again on that same knee and he had it removed at that time and then later. He had his his left knee toward the meniscus and had that repaired in each case removal can be a little quicker. It can be three to four week recovery time and get back on the court son's only have about six weeks left. So that's not really something Kelly wouldn't be getting back on the court. The downside of having a completely removed is because then you have just a little bit less structured and you going forward of course Eric Bledsoe seems to be Fine, he's been playing for several years since being traded from the sons as been healthy. The whole time other other athletes have had this issue as well. They almost all come back full strength and it's just a matter of where the tear is how you know exactly where it is on the meniscus. There could be a an area that gets lots of blood flow and it heals very easily and there can be an area of the meniscus that does not get a lot of blood flow and won't heal easily. That's all why you go to multiple doctors. So you have I Already talked about all the different variations and all the different things you can do you don't just listen to a training staff who may or may not be medical professionals in the area of menisci and those kinds of repairs. That's why you get referred out to a specialist That's like that's like saying Your family doctor sucks because the family doctor isn't the specialist on the thing that you have an issue with that's why there's referrals in medical field same deal. I'm sure the training staff themselves are saying go see a doctor, too. So Kelly's way in those options. You could have it removed. He could have it repaired. He could have a three to four week recovery. He could be having a two to three week recovery if it's in a really bad spot where there's almost no blood flow. Then it could be a little bit longer recovery. In any case. He should be fine by next year and almost certainly will not be fine before the end of the regular season well, and there's really don't rush him back. I mean don't don't potentially make something. Thing worse, but you're a hundred percent, right? I mean, he's going to find a try to find the right answer for him and quite frankly. I think every athlete should go outside the team doctors to get a second opinion because their team doctors they're paid by the team and their best interest is for doing what's best for the team not necessarily the player so I would always suggest a player in that. In get additional additional Insight. I mean the fact that he can get multiple opinions from his own team doctors because they have a rotating group as kind of funny, but he can he should be going outside to find more information on this from self and maybe he can go to Dave now that he's read up on it as well. So hey, yeah, so the likelihood of Kelly oubre coming back this season. Almost none. Yeah, and it should be I mean why Russia so what do we do? I think this is a great great opportunity for cam Johnson, as long as he doesn't break himself in half. Hey, Mom. I'm same thing to have. Well, you know, I'm the only talk to Monty about this because he had no idea that cam Johnson could be a good player who would fit into his rotation. So I kind of told them. I'm sure you're straight you made it. All right. How about how everybody else has to admit they had the same reaction. Me when cam fell in the Detroit game that we went. Well there goes that's the hip. All right, get the stretcher out. I heard I heard the thump through my TV. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Hopefully not YouTube TV the last memory you'll have of the sun's this year. Yeah. Well sort of I have YouTube. We as well Dave now I have I have the good old-fashioned people Katie. I'm old. Well, who's that? Give up on those things. Let me tell you. I got that nice email from YouTube TV two days ago informing me. Hey by the 29th, you're not going to have the one channel you're paying for paying for the service reason you have. Yeah. I almost I seriously I was very very close to cutting my cable cord in January because my Contract have been up and I had to just renew it for another year. I had very close to cutting it and go to YouTube TV on all of y'all's recommendations that I could watch son's games there screw you Google for doing this. I will be doing all my searching at askjeeves now because of because of this BS but no, I'm actually Hulu TV I going over there they have live and they have the sons and those who have life Sports they have Live sports and the Devin Booker commercial to tell me that so I would be heading over there Greg. Yes, I gave you my password. Yeah, and I but it won't work because it location services to figure out that I'm here one of those no no, no. No, it does the the the team you can't watch the Orlando Magic. Oh, well screw you who little I'm watching free off of Tim's league pass the rising say I got leaked past too. Ooh, that's one expense that actually gets covered by my SB Nation Partners. Thank you very much yet. I am in a blacked-out market. I'll see you in it doesn't even matter. If I'm in another state. They still think I'm black that see you. So you should use the SB Nation Washington DC address to purchase it and then you wouldn't have that problem. Yeah. Well that's looking up some learned as kids. There's always a way to scam the system. Don't forget that the more you know, and and be like - Already friends and say well I got a VPN tunnel tonight. Okay, so, you know, look how nice like watching games in China. We have to use a VPN tunnel to figure it out. Anyways, it weird Okay. So we've had Dave talk like a doctor me yell at Google and I only got a 1pn VPN tunnels. We have I didn't think about the irony that I'm screaming at Google were live streaming on their platform as well. Obviously, it goes black and nice cocking. You guys can we get back to the sons, please? Yeah, so let's talk about how this impacts them for the rest of the season. You know, we talked about cam Johnson that's really being an opportunity for him to step up Monty did make comments. And apparently Dave talk to Monte about this at some point but did make comments that he was cam Johnson needs to step up his production which I found a little bit interesting. Obviously. This gives a lot of opportunity for mikkel Bridges which by the way, I think I'll Bridges has been You can killing it lately. But this does make a really big impact for the sun's now obviously they can go out and we're going to talk about some free agents that they could possibly pick up but they want to stop gap for this inserting Dario back into the starting lineup who knew that Frank Kaminsky wasn't ever going to be back this season. I kind of thought it was a shorter injury a few months ago, but that's not the case. I mean, what are what are your guys thoughts will be nice to see Frank back out there. He was one of the team's better three-point. Shooters, I look at it, right and it feels like the Detroit lost was kind of the Bellwether here. So I think right now UK stomping that the sons are going to win 44 months don't change. Yeah. Yeah since August 30 to my friends at anyways, you look at it. And I think right now the best play is to just give Cam Johnson as much opportunity as possible. and what him kind of grow a little bit more see what you've got put a little bit more of the offensive onus on him and see how consistent that three-point shooting can be when you have to leverage him for larger minutes and use this as an opportunity to get to know him and what that what that rule can realistically be moving into your to and potentially Beyond you have to understand and figure out is he just a three-point Specialist or is there more to what he can handle and he can do for for this team moving forward because I don't think we quite no way because the injury earlier limited minutes at times. I think this is what you have to use that the Kelly oubre injury for you can go sign somebody off the street right now, but the reality is how much are they really going to do? And is that really going to change your fortunes when it comes to the AC? Probably not. I mean there's there and I think we're going to get into what it looks like from a playoff perspective. But at this point ride ride with Cam, let's see what we've got there and give Dario some minutes so he can learn some of his value back because he's obviously not in the sun's that plans but somebody's going to want to sign him. So yeah, someone's going to want to sign Dario and he does put out great effort. Like that, you know that that guy who always always goes down to the pickup games and looks like he's you know, it kind of a bumbler but then he all of a sudden he does make some key plays after missing a couple of easy ones. So Dario's interesting he tries hard. He always puts out Max effort and I do appreciate that. I sure wish Aron Baynes become a little bit more impactful again, but you know, he was always a 15-minute a game back up Center coming in. So we might have been sold on something. He wasn't in the first couple of months. Of the year and maybe we'll just look back fondly on that as the Pinnacle of his life. Yeah, but what are some weird freaky Friday thing that happened with him because he can't even set the pics the way he did earlier in the year. Like the one thing that everybody thought he could do solidly continuously regardless of minutes and he's not even doing that. I feel like he like he and and some like fifth-graders switched bodies and the fifth graders trying to figure out how to be a 7-foot guy. I would like to say It on the last play of the Detroit game with the 1.3 seconds left. I was a little bit surprised that DeAndre aten was then instead of Aron Baynes simply because it was quite clear that they were going to be using Aiden for a screen to get Booker free and I was a little bit surprised Monty and go with that are in that situation. You know, I was well, here's another angle on that that yes. Absolutely Tim. If Aiden was only going to be a screener then yes Baines could have said a better one. But what's important also to remember is that the sons were only down to and they could have just gotten eaten the ball near the basket because the Pistons had gone kind of small and Aiden was wide open on a roll. He could have said a pic and then dope to the basket and caught a lob from the from the guy throwing in I mean, but the sun's didn't even consider that they went for the wind just like Ronnie went for the win against San Antonio a few weeks ago to so I this is the way this team Is now we have one more one possession loss. I was I was really hoping we were going to see DeAndre Jordan's first three and it was going to win a game that would have been awesome or even his first three-point play of is was second one of the day you guys catch that Devin Booker walking away right after the foul wasn't called and his expletives towards the ref. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah sold the red the ref told him the foul even came after. The clock had had gone out or off and a close in like watching in slow mo. You can't really tell so the rest never would have overturned that even if Monty had that challenge in his pockets, too. But but that expletive do you guys catch that on TV Dave? You were probably there in person. Yeah. I did. I didn't see it. But I heard who is too far away from me. It was it was hilarious. I can't believe the the the camera got so close on him that moment. The irony is it's the same thing that everybody at home. I was saying to so great tough game. Now we can let's this look the sun's lost on Friday night against the Pistons because they didn't play hard until the very end. That's it. That's just all there is to it the Pistons got all the Second Chances the Pistons got the offensive rebounds. They got the loose balls. They did everything which meant they were playing harder than the sun's the sun's when everyone was watching a rooms like Jesus. Can you put out a little bit more effort? However, the Refs did help and the sons played one of those games where they let the rafts get into their heads and got down on themselves because the rest consistently were making calls that did were not in the favor of the sons. And even if you if you watch them again, they we should have been more in favor like that. Aron Baynes basket interference. That's a textbook. That's not a basket interference because the ball was outside the cylinder, even though it was almost on the cylinder the entire of the Entirety of the basketball was outside the cylinder. And so that was a perfect putback by veins and even on a even on a review the refs stubbornly held their ground. So there was a lot of stuff that the sons let it get to their heads and they'd never did develop the energy and they miss still that Kelly oubre doing one of his third quarter energy turnarounds for the team. So I think they also I think they also fail did not feeding DeAndre and more because I mean, He was efficient. Yeah, he was he was playing well and again the offense didn't turn to him in times where like you were saying the the effort was lacking. They just weren't clicking that that seems like an ideal time to me to start going to your big man that that's dominating down low and just being able to efficiently get baskets just feed him at that point if nothing else is working, but it just Doesn't feel like that part of of Monte system or the way Monty wants to utilize DeAndre and I get it. I don't think that's the way night in night out. You necessarily should but there should be times where you go. All right. This is where we just go to him and we turn it into a game that's focused like that. And I think it would have served them. Well, especially earlier in that fourth quarter again, they just dug themselves too big of a hole and by the time they decided it was It was time to let things click. They just didn't have enough time. They ran out of time literally on that final play to get either the foul of the shot. I do want to get a YouTube listener question and from everything horror. He says what do you guys think of the valley boys Bubblehead? I thought they were the perfect bobblehead series for this year because when you think of this year's son's team you think of street clothes Guys being out. So it felt like the perfect kind of bobblehead series. Otherwise it made absolutely no sense to me. I thought it was a little a little weird. But but from that perspective spot on guys. Those interesting there's a third year in a row Devin Booker has had a bobblehead and his bobblehead this year has a little bit of beard stubble on it. And he was like, yeah, they're giving me making me look a little older now, that's good. Well, it took him three full years to grow that beard stubble. So I can't even hate you guys want let's talk about a little bit about possible free agents buyout candidates of the sons could consider as a bit of a stopgap. We have heard some rumors that they are at least looking playing from the list. I pulled a few names that I'm going to Rattle off if you guys have any or any thoughts on any of these names, please let me know please. Stop me Midway. Okay, Evan Turner he is right now weighing a possible by out with the Timberwolves. You know, I don't think he's the scoring punch. His sons would be looking for but pretty good distributor. You could fill in some spot minutes one that I find really interesting and would be Dion Waiters who was waived by the Grizzlies. As I do know that too but you know, I think you're not gonna waiters Island. We're not going out as Island. Everything's been talked about culture and all that. Do you really want to bring that into the last 20 plus games of this season? No, we're not. I'm a everybody knows I'm a fan of of you know Island and nautical themes when it comes to players, but I'm not even residing on waiters Island. All right. Alec Sabrina's sorry, I have no idea even I know you can't even picture what he looks like roll with caves. That's funny. Um good three-point shooter point guard to ask that was with the OKC a while back Michael Beasley. I think we've been down that road. Alright jerryd Bayless why? Point like turbulence Jonah Bolden bringing him back because you're going to have a Dario in the starting lineup and could help open up some minutes with that just play checked yellow. All right got a brewer. You're reading it what it's a list of guys that 10 years ago. You might have gone. Yeah, maybe now you're like, okay, what's the point? Yes, I get that but we're also three quarters of the way in the season and there's not exactly a ton of free agents that are quality that are sitting right that's the problem is there's not a ton that are quality that are sitting around waiting for a job. Right? What like what do I can't make the lift better? If you're gonna do this if you're gonna do this just go Jamal Crawford and let him score 50 and a gay man. Everybody can talk about them for the next year. Like he's the answer to everything. I do think Jamal Crawford was on the list. I think that's interesting. Although I don't think that the sun's necessarily need another guard right Omar Cassidy. You're going to get the same reaction on every guy. No, there's no point right now one. I you know what? I will always always be a fan of his game and that is Tyreke Evans. No, look if you're going to just go sign a Mari for a 20-game farewell tour if we're gonna just put some somebody on the roster just to do it. I think it at least sent a man. Am I think I think what you're doing is your is your highlighting for listeners and for Greg and I how shallow the options are how few good options there. Are you can't just sign somebody. Here's the thing Sons do have young guys they can play and you know what they even though there are only four. Half games out of the eighth seed there really a 12 games under 500. They're really looking for next year and I'd rather find out more right now about cam Johnson. Mikal Bridges and tie Jerome and even Elia Kobo and more consistent Manner. And so we know for sure whether they should be on the team next year without having not having given them enough time to prove whether they should or not. Not I even had after another five or ten games bring up jail in the queue for the last six weeks or five not six weeks but three or four weeks and see what he can do in an NBA game. That's what I'd rather see and if that means the sun's lose that means they're losing anyway, so might as well be a believe you look we had conversations and Sons need to hit 30 just so that no definitely I think we'll still hit 30. I don't see the sun's tanking. I don't see the sun resting players that are help that are The so I think the sun's we'll still I really do think it's image. Okay, let me let me put it this way. I don't think one of the guys your listing Tim will give the sun's more wins than the guys I listed who are who just need more minutes off the bench. I really don't I think these Julie your guys you're overstating it if you think that they're going to make a difference. Look you've you've already brought up one name though. I think we've seen enough of I do not need to see any more of Elia. No. No, I am. I'm done with with seeing that guy play. So I bring up look you and give him give him the minutes at least you can forgive mistakes that a teenager like look who is making as praise trying to gain progress over Elia Kobo. Just give John Carter more minutes. Yeah. Are you tied your room in as a combo guard? I think that's for sure if we're done with Ellie, which I am to just leave those guys bigger men. You're not going to lose more games by playing those guys continuing to play those guys in the roles that they are and maybe bumping up the minutes a little bit toward the end. You're not going to lose more games. That way the sons are not set up to win more than 33 34 games and I still think they're going to look I've really enjoyed if you say l leave on Carter. No. No, I've really I've really enjoyed Juwan Carter over the last couple of weeks and I sincerely want Aunt for Monty to make him the first guard off of the bench instead of Ellie and I don't dislike Ellie's game as much as everybody else just like selyse game like I it's obviously not perfect but I do think that there is something there and he should be getting some minutes on this team given the options that being said, I think that your mom or that John Carter is much more impactful player on the court. I think he'd just he's a good three-point shooter. He is an excellent Defender. Want to see more Devon Carter and I also think that he's really underappreciated the by fans watching the team. Look, I agree. It's and his three-point shooting has been much better than we expected. I think the problem here is Elia Kobo is French for embarrassing photos of Monty. I mean, that's the only explanation here. Is that somehow he has leverage on Monty because we have not seen anything. That should make him the first guard Off the Bench before I asked Monte about Elliot go before the game last night and what he sees in Elia Kobo to give him those first point guard Off the Bench minutes, and he said well at least got this Ellie's got the profile. He's got the size where he can a can get some rebounds in the paint amongst some bigger players. He boxes out the at the free-throw or the three-point line, you know for from other his guy getting into get a rebound. And he at Monte said he likes how he plays defense and money said how he likes he theoretically has a good offensive game. He just needs to develop guys and give them a chance to have some consistency into growing into a role that they're even if they're not not performing immediately. So he does think Ellie of all the guys of all the backup guards on The Raw Story things Ellie has the best physical and skillset. File to play the play the minutes. He just isn't getting the results. Yeah, I'm really glad. I'm really glad Mike D'Antoni didn't go with that mindset because he would have played Marcus Banks instead of Steve Nash. If you were basing it off of physical profile, like I just okay at some point bi Ted Williams is knock know. I know artists Banks over Steve Morse and I know it was a Dave but you look at it and that it is ridiculous to me the eye test tells you that He's just not getting it done and Devon Carter whether he has the physical profile or whatever you're looking at there is getting it done. So why not give him the minute? It makes no sense that you're doing it and the way you're doing it and it's just it's bizarre to me that explanation doesn't hold water for me because we've seen enough if this were the first month of the Season fine, I get that kind of an explanation, but we've seen enough Of this we know now that that at least for this year Devon Carter is performing much better than Elia Kobo is Greg from keep bringing you back because you theoretically fit the profile of a good pot host. You know, I mean you worked for the sons before you have some inner inroads there. You've been a long time since fan. Theoretically you should be really good at this and we keep bringing you back Dave if it were just you talking with this everybody would be asleep right now. We're Medical Explanations are fine. But when our riveting they're not I'm here for the entertainment. Should I be emceeing like Discovery Channel documentaries? Is that what you're saying? You should be have you to have your own fall asleep to Dave talking app. They fight since I'm nuts my new career do documentaries Tim. Please please it energy from a rotation standpoint. You have Devin Booker who plays the entire first. First and third quarters Ellie being the first guard that comes off the bench to replace Ricky Rubio. I think that having Javon Carter come into play next to Devin Booker and then having Ellie come into play next Rubio to start the second and to start the fourth from a combination standpoint just makes a lot more sense. Look at Tim dropping actual basketball coaching strategy there. No, I you're right. I mean That's that's that would be the smarter way to do it me. I'm just like put Ellie Kobo on the end of the bench forget. He's on the roster your for trying to figure out a way to actually leverage it better from a basketball standpoint. So it doesn't credit and it would make more sense. Actually. My what I think should happen is at least as on the bench. You've got you've on Carter being the first guard taken up and taken Ricky Rubio's minutes next to Booker and then you bring in Thai Jerome as Booker's back up because Ty Jerome has the shooting stroke and doesn't need all the pressure being the ball handlers a rookie. I think that could help and then you're a little stuck with Devon and tie Jerome for a couple of minutes, but then they bring Ricky back to so to trade off with Javon. So Devon would be next to Booker most of the time. I think that is a better rotation. I would just put tide Jerome in there. What we have not talked about Ty Jerome enough on this episode and the impact with through re leaving the that might have for him if we collectively given up on Ty Jerome this season. So Monty said pregame on Friday, and then he didn't play him at all. But he said pregame on Friday that this is tied to Rooms opportunity to get some consistent Wing minutes, and that means not being the primary ball handler. That means playing the Or a type role although from a shooting guard point of view because he's only six five but basically he's got the size and the shooting to be able to start playing somewhere outside minutes. So we might see Ty Jerome we should see Ty Jerome start fitting in in that role and it is kind of as I described where he would back up Devin Booker kind of but we're also going to see a lot more of Cam Johnson and that's a good thing for her son's fans and Dario's going to be back in the rotation as well. But I think Ty Jerome this is He said this is Ty Jerome's opportunity and then Monty didn't put him in on Friday. Well, yeah, we need to try to understand like I was talking about cam earlier what you have in tied to Roma and understand if the potential that everybody felt was there in preseason and coming out of that draft is actually applicable when it comes to to NBA minutes and it's so yeah, I think he's another guy that they should be putting out there to try to figure it out and and understand I know they won't admit that that their chances at the a cedar are pretty much gone at this point, but that's the reality and I think it's time to really really just start using these as the minutes effectively to understand what you have so you can make smarter decisions in this offseason about this roster to get better because the West isn't going to get any easier next. With guys returning from from injuries on other teams. So you need to understand what you have and how you're going to have to improve this roster the I want to get to it said that we can just a second but I want to read a comment from a YouTube listener live in the chat right now that made me laugh. It's from Saw bucks. 23 said of two sons are able to draft Edwards. I'm ready to move on from Booker. Edwards, oh, yeah. I had a wait dunky a war bond from who Booker unless he meant Cory Booker because he trying to find a new presidential candidate. I think he's a I really hope that's a joke. Otherwise, well, I got my eternal donkey Award winner right there. That's a hilarious. Are you guys ready for sad the week stat stat stat of the week week week week? Yes. Contributing any more of that why you're so good stead of the week. It's very starters. Ask. What what sorry? All right. So we all know how good these Suns starting lineup of Rubio Booker Bridges array and Aiden has been just want to highlight it a little bit more. It has the best offensive rating of any lineup and the league that's played over 200 minutes at A hundred twenty point seven and it has the second best net rating just behind the bucket starting lineup, right? The the sun's starting lineup that one specifically has been really freaking good. Well, let's talk about it. What's happened with Uber a out? Yes. It's a small sample size but worth noting two separate lineups one is when you replace Char each with Ray and that starting lineup all of a sudden that positive net rating of like plus 20 or whatever. It is drops a negative 3.5 that being said, Roop Rubio Booker Bridges aten and cam Johnson so far is a plus 38.2 net rating boom there's your Superstar line up right there and I also sample size be damned I love our small sample size theater it's always my favorite when we talk we don't focus on the awful small sample size is not only the impressive look at the positive we can take we take a page from our fan friends at Fanning the Flames we only stay positive when we look at small sample sizes I know not why it's important to to contrast what happens when you replace Kelly was shortage right so we know that that starting lineup has been really good that's really important when you're taking into consideration the moves that the suns are going to need to do this offseason we talked about their needed a power forward you might not actually need a traditional power forward because you're starting lineup with Bridges as the power 4 Word is actually pretty damn good right so having a general understanding for that. Also, we talked about cam Johnson the fact that this son's can play small ball. So effectively with 8 in its Center which I we're going to move on and talk about a how eight and has improved recently but specifically on defense even though they're small sample sizes. I think they're important. Yeah. Well, I think it's it's interesting how well the starting lineup without a traditional power forward or at least it guy that at more fits the the measurables of a power forward in terms of size and everything how well it performed. I still think this lineup and whether it's bench or starting lineup has to find more shooting and Mike. I just wonder if you look at that starting lineup, but that you're talking about even with hooray. Let's talk you look at that. Does that strike you as a group that's going to grow enough next year to go. What's like the 3030 to win team this year to into the mid 40s if if they get a substantial bench not not a great bench, but just an average bench behind them. I don't know they've been they've played nice together, but I don't know that that's the starting lineup That is the group that's going to get you into the playoffs. I just I'm still skeptical of that regardless of what the the the advanced metrics are saying it. I think it can definitely be effective. I think if you going in and next year and you have blueberry back and you've got a little more grown-up Aiden and mikkel with Booker and Rubio. Yeah, I think that is a playoff level starting lineup as long as the bench doesn't lose leads every dang time. So you've got to improve that bench got a little bit more oomph on that bench including a scorer. Who can who can hold the hold the fort while those guys are resting and I think having cam Johnson off coming off that bench and a year older having an actually acclimated Ty Jerome. I mean the weight I drone plays this year. He looks like he's not an NBA player, but he was very good in college, and he really did project to be a good NBA player. Maybe not a starter but a good NBA player. So I think another offseason from TY Jerome will Be helpful, you know Jalen like use a total wild card but you've got to go this summer and actually get a veteran or two that can really stabilize these lineups that you can cross. Your fingers will stay hurt. I mean stay healthy and not get hurt Denver has one of the youngest teams in the league, but guess who's really carrying them a lot is Paul male step 4. He's just he's providing a lot of Veteran leadership as a starter and I know we got some help from definitely from Rick. Rubio this year. The reason sons are even respectable is because of him. But Aron Baynes it was really really helpful when Aron Baynes was also contributing to wins and he just hasn't been as much lately. I I am I had think yes, the sounds are growing into a better team next year if they keep their top six or seven players, then they are this year just because of maturity Aiden's growing like it's like he's collecting his Infinity Stones and he's gay he's up to Two or three right now and he'll eventually get all six and he's going to take over the world. I really think he's got that ability and he makes all the right plays. He likes playing defense. He should have had four blocks on Friday night. And for some reason our local scorekeeper doesn't know how to record blocks so he only ended up with two so I think Aiden has been has been very very good and will continue to get better. Devin Booker is going through a slump right now. He'll be very good again all started level. So I have a I have a lot of positive feelings about it. But if the sun's do need to upgrade some where it's getting a larger sized larger than cam Johnson sized power forward who is athletic who can complement DeAndre Aiden and can shoot the three ball. Yeah. I know. I just I don't know if I'm jaded because of the last decade of what we've seen but I'm just skeptical. I feel like they still need to figure out one more piece with that starting lineup probably power. Forward and I still lean towards the smart move as long as this injury doesn't impact. It is potentially moving Kelly oubre in the offseason making Mikell, you're starting small forward and getting a power forward that better fits better fits what you need for the future and trying to go that route if you can find the right guy. I'm not saying you just do what to do it. But if you can find the right guy, I still feel like that's that's the a smart move because why can't you just spend your free agent money to add to why do you have to subtract? Well, because the list of free agents is the problem we went over it. They're just not a lot of guys that I think you're going to add that are going to take you into that next level. That's what that's what If This Were a large free-agent crop. There are a lot of names that they could have Major Impact. I'd be totally there with you Dave, but I just don't think that's where we're at. This offseason and maybe maybe you you spend smartly. Maybe there's a few one year deals and you try to go into that following offseason where there's more free agent guys with flexibility again to try to try to make move but if you're if somebody is expecting the sun's with this cap space that they haven't being one of the few teams that have cap space to go in and go on a major shopping spree that's going to change everything. They're going to find out you're walking into the store and it's pretty bad. There it looks like a Ross after a major say lives and there's only a few things left and they're strewn all over the place. Like it's not know kind of like dating in your late 30s. Yeah very much. So yeah, Dave Dave Dave you dip into the 20s pool with what you're pulling in so we don't count you I'd it's Tim that we're talking about. Look out the bloodstream. Well, no, it's perfect David. Sorry. Hey, I want to talk about lets it go to gorilla time. We got about 15 minutes left and I do think this is very important we talk about because it just doesn't get enough attention. Nationally the likely it does on Sons Twitter and on Sons redhead, but DeAndre baton has been really good lately and it's been at least to me extremely noticeable and I want to point out some highlights on the defensive end. We've already spoken about how efficient he's been offensive ly not just on Friday night, but over the last several games, but So DeAndre eaten since coming back. He defends the second most amount of field goals in the NBA behind Rudy gobert 19.8. He holds opponents shooting to almost 7% below. They're shooting averages which is eight best in the league. He has the second best defensive rating on often for agile and the NBA and negative four point three just behind Joelle and bead and the sons with eight and have a hundred 6.8 defensive rating. On the court, which would be 7th and Lake in the league, but without a date and on the court, it's a hundred eleven, which would be 21st in the league. DeAndre baton has been really good lately. Like the the month of February was DeAndre Tim's coming out party 21.7 points twelve point nine rebounds two point three assists one point nine blocks almost shot 60% from the field the defense as you mentioned has been immense. And this guy is doing everything that we had hoped he would do and remind her last night. Friday night was only his 99th game of his career that he's played. This guy is the real deal that we've set it on this show. We've Bang the Drum, you know, and right now the only reason again that that he is not gaining the attention and the praise even from some Sons fans still is the fact that his name doesn't start with an l and an end. Okay Dutch. All right, that that's that's why this guy is doing everything that we had hoped. We're seeing the coming of age of DeAndre baton and we're still just scratching the surface of what this guy can do and the way that this team can use him. I like I mentioned earlier. I still don't think at times Monty Williams is using this guy correctly and feeding the Beast the way you could it is unbelievable what he's been able to do in the with of February and if this trajectory continues were all going to be very very happy with the kind of guy that you have you're going to have your second super star next to Devin Booker in a matter of time and likely All-Star candidate next year. If he puts up these in these kind of numbers consistently what he's done since he's come back from the suspension has been a top a big man in the league and then February took it to another level look at what he's done. I'm is he's created a new what he's done is giving you a glimpse into the new basically his way of fitting into a modern NBA the his new version of a modern NBA. He's when he develops that three-pointer that will just be icing on the cake. But the man the thing is Big Man the big argument here over the past few years is that your small ball offenses, which are all are very rare that they're extremely effective. But the small ball offense is can run a big man off the court can force a big man off the court, but why can they afford a big man off the court because the big man cannot defend on the perimeter and cannot follow what guard all the way to the rim and deter their shot. That's why DeAndre Aiden is not that kind of down during the kind of big man who can do that and last night on Friday night. He blocked two different three-point shots. You only got credit for one of those but he bought two different three-point shots and he tracked on the Wednesday night attracted guard all the way to the rim and blocked. Look the guy he's like a guide be extinct if I can't play defense and that's that's exactly the truth. He can stay on the court in any situation because he plays smart defense and then when they try to get at The Rim, he's still defends the rim he rotates well offensively. You can't put a 6-5 guy on him and expect to keep him from scoring. You just can't what you got to do is put three or four six Five Guys on him like the Rockettes tried to do a few weeks ago and then the sons if they actually We could make some three-pointers would just kill them. So this is the makings of a really Unstoppable player in terms of impact on a game and I'm really looking forward to watching it. He's just the he is the player because he likes playing defense. He likes doing the little things. He likes setting pigs. He's just adding new Infinity Stones to his Gauntlet and whether they all add up to an All-Star player is a matter of time I think because I really do think he is an All-Star caliber. There he is more modern more new more unique than just about anybody in the league and I'll just throw this last stat out in NBA history. There's only been one other guy 21 or younger and I know people are sick of the age things but there's been only one other guy 21 or younger averaging even 19 points 12 rebounds and 1.5 assists before turning 22. That one other guy Shaquille O'Neal, that's it. I've also really enjoyed watching Aiden's pick and roll defense. It just seems light years better than it was last year. Well, they've given him the given him more simple assignments and I'm not saying he needs simple to make it work as well. But he knows when to hedge he knows what to do. Right, right. He's picking up on not getting lost in space. He knows he's going to do this and then Can happen if he does that then this can happen as opposed to getting lost in no-man's land halfway between the two players. So yeah, absolutely Tim, but the coaching staff give them credit for helping him simplify his decision-making and because you've got to be able to make decisions at a moment's notice based on how the other team is actually playing in that moment. Even the same two guys throughout the same game can play the pick-and-roll differently against you so I've been very impressed as well. Imagine if they put Put the right amount of shooting on this roster that yeah it hit. Those it those long balls like you were saying, I mean that that's a big flaw in this roster and part of that is because Frank Kaminsky was got hurt and was out and it stretches cams been out. But if you have the right amount of shooting with this guy, it's going to change that the offense dramatically and it's going to change how the sun's team wins games. Clay because we've talked about it at times. They haven't shot enough threes or they have definitely not made enough threes this year. But with a big man, like like Aton it's going to open up a lot of things especially like you said Dave when you're playing those small ball lineups. Here's where some there's some really good value out there on the free agent market. So if you're not, of course, the sun's could trade kill you Brea and get a get a player back because he's actually the perfect contract for a team that wants space in 2021 and the sons are a perfect team to know that Gavin. Space in 2021 isn't going to get him a superstar because Superstars don't come to Phoenix. So that's a perfect opportunity. Yes, but if you just want to use your free agent money, which is around 25 million this summer just to add to the current team. Actually the better play to Greg's point there. The better play is to get a more solid proven three-point shooter in that rotation that you know, you can count on Bogdan bogdanovic is a restricted free agent, but there's limits on how much The kings are allowed to pay him. I don't think they can go over the mid-level exception which is going to be around 9 million a year. I don't think so or 9 or 10. You could pay him a little bit more money in the Kings can't even match it. There is Evan Fournier. There's Joe Harris who's been killing it on threes for the Nets and helping them stretch their floor Tim Hardaway jr. Has had an excellent year in Dallas. He has a player option Dillon Brooks is restricted if you like Dillon Brooks, I know James Jones does but oh yeah and just further on that Dillon Brooks trade. I know we've beaten that one to death, but I'd have got more and more confirmations from people who are directly involved that the suns were just a third party in that in Memphis was really just trying to get kill you re from Washington and Washington was trying to rope in a third team to take assets that they didn't want and soon as the sun's figured out. It wasn't Dillon Brooks that they were going to get. Free for free then they backed out. So I don't even know how much James Jones really liked Dillon Brooks. He disliked him enough to get him for free, you know to for the extra cost of Trevor Ariza. So let's not overstate the Dillon Brooks love but having said that yes, Tim Dillon Brooks has been very good this year and he brings that attitude that you really want to see on your team. So that's a half a dozen Malik Beasley is another one who's now going to be restricted this summer and he's Big minutes ins so I thought that the I thought that the Grizzlies extended Brooks. Oh, you're right. He's not on the court damn it. But but still you've got you've got half a dozen already been mentioning. You're right. You're right Bogdan. You've got Evan Fournier. You've got Joe Harris. You've got Tim Hardaway. Jr. Malik Beasley. I don't love Jordan Clarkson, but he's been really good for Utah coming off the bench. That's the kind of guy. I'd spend my free edge of money on. Yeah, it looked that's that's the way you play in the margins and and you improve this team and improve this roster where you trade Luc Renard of his knees ever stop hurting but I mean if you play in those margins and and you hope your project that your guys like Devin Booker Mikhail Bridges DeAndre, tin are going to take significant jumps again, maybe now Booker taking a significant jump, but you project that they're going to improve. Okay. So I I see what you're trying to do there and you definitely will be better at my question is is next year the Year you have to make Make the playoffs. Is that is this is it the year that definitively we you're finally out of the rebuild and you have to make the playoffs for numerous reasons, whether it's fanned whether Booker's mentality rather whether it's sarver's finally just impatient and can't handle it anymore. Whatever the case may be. We're going to learn this offseason, whether it's we need to just continue to improve or we have to make the Do you'll see based on the moves made? Well, I'll tell you what, I don't think they have to if they continue to improve the sons are going to be a playoff caliber team. That's just it they're good enough now to where there isn't that middle step anymore like the sun's this year already taking that middle step to be much better, but still not a playoff team the suns are much better this year everybody agrees, but they had so far to go to get much better to not still be a play Up level. Team in a ran a regular year. So I think yes, if the sun's can improve improve their roster and nother level this summer than they are definitely a playoff caliber team and then it's just a matter of playing the games. Yeah. I just worried that the eighth seed being such a poor are Poor Mans race this year if it's slightly skewed whether there really is another middle step in there or not know what else you're just as close to. I know it date, but you did I think some people are making this mistake because you're just as close to being the worst team in the west as you are to being that eighth seed, you know in reality here. So I just I hope there's not overconfidence based on this this weird year that we have here that that isn't indicative. You're right. The rest of the West is depressed right now, and it looks like we're closer to the playoffs than than the team should be B yes, I agree. However having said that the sun's do have the 15th best point differential in the league. The sun's do have mid-pack offense and mid-pack defense despite all of their injuries and missing people all year. They've got a playoff caliper coach. They have a playoff caliber scheme. They have a lot of playoff caliber players that are just growing into themselves. They're going to continue to get better people weren't sure what let me know what new level Devin Booker good go to well he's gone to a new Little until this past month where you kind of I think he's got a hangover or something for that All-Star appearance, but you they've gone to a new level DeAndre Aiden nobody thought for sure. Aiden would make this level this year this quickly so they will get better. And yes, I do think that they will be in the mix for the Playoffs next year if they just Shore up a little bit more on their bench one or two more guys on that bench who are proven scores will make will have going into next season a big difference for them. I absolutely agree with that. So while you say Jim Craig, there aren't as close to the playoffs as it appears every year the sun's every year the playoff picture is different and you're right. It might be tough again. Well, you know what this year was supposed to be tough and it didn't turn out to be so last year. There's always you don't want to be the team that thought the year would be too tough. So not try and then all of a sudden it's easy to try to go for the playoffs you want to be the team. Did everything you could in the offseason to get but playoff position and then you just play the games the sons are now two and eight or two and nine in one possession games. You got to figure that that's going to change as the team gets more mature and is going to More Level out historically speaking one-possession games are literally a crapshoot. There are teams who have great years on them and their teams of terrible years in those games, but it levels out over time. So it's you can't go into next season and say well don't get to an eight again. Yeah. They might but they've almost certainly won't know. I that's the big and really in somebody else pointed out for this year for the Suns. We all want to look at the seven and four start three games over 500 as the as the outlier of the season but the real outlier of the season is that eight-game losing streak and that's the different account that eight-game losing streak. That's the difference and what happened in that eight-game losing streak a it was their first push into adversity. They were without DeAndre a they were without Aron Baynes for most of it they were without Ricky Rubio for half of it and they were and Devin Booker was out for three of those games and that was just a just too much and it pushed him over the edge and they still only lost three of those Eight Games by a possession again it's good West teams so I think this team is closer to being 500 than it looks on the scoreboard and that's why we're still optimistic I agree and Steve holler in uh Chad said when you're turning up it's hard to say you're just as close to the bottom and I wasn't saying what I what I meant is if you look at the standings numbers wise you are but you're both right this team is trending up there have been a lot of things that they haven't gone their way I'm just I'm still looking at next year and going the Warriors are obviously going to be back in in the playoff picture you imagine that whatever is going on in Portland there's too much out there for them to be playing the way they are so you're just you're going to have to up your game if if you're really in that picture and I just wonder if we're still one year away from it realistically happening but a Dave I don't as much as I'd love to disagree with anything you said I can't because it's the right assessment there look the sun's starting lineup is arguably the first or second best starting lineup in the NBA the problem starts and ends with the bench and that's what they need to figure out we're coming up by a little over an hour let's go ahead and go over to Espo's world-renowned donkey award Duncan I think you know we had talked about doing the Ring Of Dishonor and we still will but I think that will be an offseason kind of awards segment that we go with will hold off because there's somebody that that did something quite agree just this week Dave don't worry it's not you that I that I think we need to recognize it in the donkey segment and he has received a donkey before and I'm sure he'll receive a donkey in the future but this week it's Greg moreover the AZ Central for his article that was is Phoenix Suns forward Kelly oubre a injured or injured really the one guy that you did that III don't think I'd ever write that kind of trash about is Kelly oubre that guy puts everything he has out on the floor and if there's a guy that would never bacon injury to try to you know tank or whatever you want to try to claim it's not Kelly oubre all right the guy has the heart the passion don't question this dude right I I get it I've questioned in terms of his play sometimes fine but you know don't watching the guys heart there's nobody that plays harder there's nobody that's gonna gonna buy into that and just stop with this trash it hurts other writers that you got on your staff over there it makes people question things it makes Dave get more traffic because people think bright sides more reputable than than the local paper down right keep it up great so so please can we please get back to some sanity and stop chasing this really should just become the clickbait of Ward because I wind up talking about clickbait more often than not but can we please just dial it back at least you from 11 to like seven on the click bait right there it Greg a you know it's getting tough to share a name with you Kelly is definitely injured I don't see there's any reason to think that he is being strategically rested we've just seen too much of this in recent years and so we're all biased and jaded but there's nothing about this son's team It says that they're trying to lose games, but that's absolutely nothing. They came out of the All-Star break with a hunger and a fire to try and make that eight seed is best that they could I just I feel like it's just irresponsible to question a guy like that like about that. It's not like they're like he has back soreness. I mean they put in the report knee injury not even not even soreness. Nothing like that full out. Injury and they just didn't there's HIPAA laws and all sorts of things why they didn't come out and say it's a meniscus tear and this and that because Uber a still doing his due diligence medical wise. So I just did that. Did you just irresponsible to me and insulting to a guy like Kelly oubre that's done nothing, but the but go out there and put his heart and soul into into everything he's done in this Valley so that just that that just upset me. it took to see so enjoy enjoy your donkey award you're going to have an entire shelf in the office space over there because you're accumulating them quite a regularly and on that note we will be back next week I do want to thank a listener for supporting the show David McDavid so if you feel like you get something out of this listening on the podcast watching on YouTube every week there is a support the show button and the show notes you can do a one a five $5 or $10 monthly donation we really appreciate it if you do the $10 one I'll personally send you a bunch of sun swag the way thank you so much David McDevitt for continuing to support the sun solar panel podcast we really do appreciate you my most favorite Dave involved in the solar panel right there mr. mckevitt mine to have a good week everybody