Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I Do you have a joke for me? Right? Yeah, you read my mind. He's reading my mind so dear listeners today. We're going to talk about reading and books Rory. Do you enjoy reading? Yes, I do. I've always loved it actually and I think it stems from my childhood when my mother would read books to me. How often do you read? Well right now I probably don't reads often enough. Due to the amount of work I'm doing however when I do read I'm quite a voracious reader. I can go through quite a few books and just one sitting actually do you usually read for pleasure or for work purposes? Well right now I read for work purposes. Like I say because I'm working so much. I always have to stay informed of different things different trends that are happening. And so I will be reading articles mostly. However, I'm hoping I'll be progressively reading more and more for pleasure because Has my head fills up with all of this information from articles and things my brain usually needs a rest. So I need to start working in some more Leisure Time reading. What's the last book? You read? I remember it very clearly the book. I read was called sexual persona. It's a book by Camille Paglia. It talks about the relationship between art and culture for at least the last five thousand years of human history, and it was interesting, but it's a bit of a door stopper. Actually, it's about 600 pages and again because of how much I've been working. It took me about seven months to read it was very it's sort of a very dense book. I guess you could say em, but after reading it, I feel I know much more about culture now. Oh, wow. It's like reading War and Peace by Tolstoy. Yeah. Basically I'm although I think she mentions Tolstoy in the book actually as well. I remember when I was much younger, I think it was about 10 years ago when I was 20, I read a book called the Ragged trousered philanthropists it it was a fictional book, but it made a very convincing case for socialism actually and it was so convincing. I became a raving communist for about a year of my life, which I think is quite funny since I'm a little bit more conservative now, but what's strange about that is the fact that it was a fiction book, but it still made such a convincing case for something in. Real life and you would usually expect a nonfiction book to achieve that what was your favorite book or story when you were a child? I can remember the book, but I can't remember the name and there was a nature book and it was about the life cycles of different animals. It was really engaging just the way the information was presented. And in addition to the great presentation of information. It also had really cool illustrations as well this Is a long time ago so they didn't really have many sort of photographic pictures and books artists had to draw accurate representations of different things in particular. I remember a picture of a crocodile which was really convincing. It was so cool. I really liked it. No Little Red Riding Hood not quite for me Little Red Riding Hood as is a bit too childish. Even when I was younger. I preferred reading about things rather than people so you want mature from the get-go. I like mature subjects. I don't know if I was You're a person. Yeah, no fairy story fairy tales for worry. Okay moving on. Do you have many books at home? Oh Lord. Yeah. I have at least 1000 in my room back in Scotland. I've got a small set of bookshelves for them. Although I suppose they're not so small now given how many books I've got and and then people in my family like to read quite a lot, so that's just in my room but throughout the house there are there must be many more books. That are their way over 2,000 books. Well, do you have some mysterious key Pushkin? I don't I keep meaning to read Russian literature. So perhaps like I said when I was talking about in my leisure time, I need to read more. This should be the these should book should be at the top of my list really shouldn't yeah, but would you really like pushing without the government of life points or would you go for this Dusty asleep gloomy and doomy thing? I really I don't like poetry so much. I think I would prefer to read a book with this one narrative really as opposed to Just different poems about different things do people do enough reading these days. I think they probably read more but they don't read within not enough depth. And so for example, people are reading different things. They read things on social media and they read different articles online, but they're all sort of like soundbites. I suppose people don't really analyze them and think about them like they would when they have a book which provides like a great. Deal of thought about different things and I remember reading something that when we were talking about how people read online. Usually when people read online, they don't read the whole article. They just read different parts of it. There's never really thought so much in depth thought about it. Do you prefer ebooks or hard copies? It might not be environmentally friendly and maybe I'm a bit old-fashioned but I think hard copies or just better. I like having the book in front of me. I feel like I'm more engaged some more authentic reading experience. And then when you finish reading the book you have this kind of sense of accomplishment at the end when you finish it and you put it on your shelf with all of the other books that are there it just the whole experience is much nicer. I think although I can appreciate why people are starting to prefer ebooks now though. They're lighter you can carry around more with you. And of course it's better for the environment. Are you one of these people who smell books? Alteryx, yeah old books have a smell that not new bookstore. New books. Don't swell. They don't have a smooth and in my opinion. They don't have a smell and they don't have the same smell older books with kind of Yellow Pages have a kind of sweet smell about them, which is nice and but I don't understand smelling new books for me. It doesn't make sense. Really? Thank you very much for your answers. Thank you. Do listen this as usual. Our Rory has just used gorgeous vocabulary and grammar for a high school band nine School Rory. You've said that I've always loved reading. So do we have for the present? Perfect here? Yes, we do. We've got the present perfect simple with always. Hmm. So you've got lots of moving Parts. They're doing you you have this higher level vocabulary and you've slaughtered in an adverb with always as well there. I really like this sort of phrase that we've got. I've always loved reading or I've always It's to be president of the world. I've always loved talking about grammar. You've used another one. I'm hoping I'll be reading more in the future something like that. Yeah, so I'm hoping I'll be reading so that's like what future present no future continues basically with will indeed M. So there's lots going on in there and you can combine this to talk about your future intentions. Really can't you? I'm hoping I'll be Unless in the future. Absolutely and I'm hoping I'll be reading more you said when I do read I read like fiction. For example, there's a nice one when I do read so we emphasize. Yeah, but effective reading you can do this with all kinds of auxiliary verbs but I think do is the most common for when you're like stressing and I think I do love you exactly I do work hard for this podcast indeed. Yes. Absolutely. Rory's tells the truth. He does work really hard. You've mentioned that you are as Rochas reader the Rochas you're really close voracious. The ratio is yes voracious. What is it voracious? Well, usually people talk about it with reading but actually it's do with like a hunger so you could be a voracious eater you're eating a lot but I've heard people use it more to describe how they read. So like a voracious reader is someone who reads a great like well a great many books and Susie as to exactly enthusiastically and I've rationed Reader would read loads of books, right? They read lots of books, or maybe they just read a lot in general. Although usually it's applied to people who read books but it's something positive, right? Yes. Absolutely. Could you give us a sentence? I have a voracious appetite for reading that's a good one. Right and you've mentioned that you read you read books at one go or at one reading I said, I started to say in one session but actually the term As in one sitting so it's just like at one time new read books and it can be in a goal in a sitting you could say in the session but that's very formal is move. Yes. Usually it's one go. Yeah in one sitting I can remember when I went to Paris when I was on the plane like that. I treated that like a sitting so I think I read something like two or three books the whole four days that we were there. That was great. Wow, you can also say that all that book is a real page-turner exactly. Yeah, so kind You just keep turning the pages keep reading. You can stop you can stop it. So it's a real page-turner. You said one word a door stopper at door and stopper. Why is it a door stopper? Well, actually it's the small thing that's in the ground next to a door to stop it from hitting a wall or to stop it from closing. But you can also use it to describe a book that you could use for the same purpose if it's a big book quite heavy, then you can just put it in front of a door and it will stop your door from shutting. Ring ring so you can also put it next to other books. Yes. Yeah or so you use your books to stop those. Well, it's in the wall. It's more like it's more like I don't know I suppose the metaphor is the best way to describe this a thick book. Yes. It's not going to describe one of the volumes of of tolstoy's War and Peace is a real. Oh boring pieces the door stopper. Yeah for sure sister think big book. Okay when we talk about books we use Adjective is right. Yes. You said something is condensing write the book is convincing. What is it convincing? Well convincing just means that it makes you believe in the idea that's being presented. You can use it with a collocation to make a convincing case for something. So in this case this book Maids a really convincing case for socialism. It was very believable and you could relate to the ideas involved. So I was convinced by it. Yeah, why else is the plot was convincing? Yeah. So like I say it was convincing for a while, but I recovered my senses and after that you became a raving communist or may even call me. Call me a raving comic. Yes. Only for one year though. I got better. What else? Can you say you like a raving? Oh a raving lunatic for someone who's totally crazy a raving narcissist for someone who's very self-centered breathing is just like crazy about something wild. Also engaging is a nice one. This book is engaging involving absolute. We're basically in Tate. Yeah, hopefully most teachers lessons are engaging. It's just a way of talking about involving people in the process. Like you say our webinar or the 13th of March would be engaging and I really aren't easy. Yes. That's a fact we say like, I read lots of books or I can say I read loads of books. Yeah loads. Yeah loads is just a way of talking about lots of but it kind of adds emphasis you could always tell because it's the The one of the words that stress the most in the sentence. So if I say like I read loads of books or I loads of food. It's like just emphasizing the fact that you pop Idol to reads loads of books exactly. Where do you keep your books? I keep my books on a bookshelf. Yeah bookshelf. Yes. And what else can you call it? I think really just a bookshelf. You can have a one bookshelf or a set of bookshelves. For example, just kind of like a wall of bookshelves. Yeah. Yeah. We're still call them. Bookshelves, exactly. You just said that people don't read enough. But you said that they don't read in depth, right? So what else how else can we use this in depth thing? Well, I think you could talk about anything that requires a lot of thoughts and then call it in depth. So for example, you can read in depth in depth analysis and you can give an in-depth analysis. Yeah. So depth is just talking about the amount of thought that's Put into something if something is very deep, then there's a lot of thought behind it. Yeah, or like something that could be a very thought-provoking. Yes. All right, like Dostoevsky. I don't know. I think a lot of people would agree with that description. Oh my sweet angels Roy has read the stay asking. I've been busy. I'll guess he's busy with this podcast. Okay and useless right? It's either entertain people and educate them or read Dostoyevsky people you choose one or the other. Yes. Make your choice ebooks are environmentally friendly, right? I like to think so. Yeah, it looked reading books or ebooks and if they're not electronic, what do you call them? Well, maybe not environmentally friendly but hard copies. Yes, we can call them hard copies or paperbacks or hardbacks anything that any kind of books. It was a crazy ex. They're kind of like the lights are right. They should be lighter. Yes. That's Karen. Can it connect call? Thick heavy book with which is hardcover. Like Play-Doh. No. No, you could call it a paper copy, but you couldn't call it a paperback. A paperback is more flexible. Yes, exactly like paperback. You got a whole day and you grab some paper bags. Hopefully unless you have an e-book then you don't need to grab anything. Yeah, when you've read a book you feel a sense of accomplishment. Yeah. All right achievement. Right does happen every time with you. Usually it depends on how good the book is but most of my books of I felt a sense of accomplishment. I've only read a couple of books for I was thankful that the experience was over and then I didn't care about them again. Do you carry around looks like a paper bags usually not so much recently because there has been no time to read them. Usually I read emails on the train now, but yeah, maybe he's getting around emails. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, it's a good phrasal verb yet. Carry around you can carry around the books or what else emotional baggage. It's emotional baggage. Well, I have some baggage. That's pretty negative. Yeah. Well, you can have your baggage when you go on holiday, but if you have some emotional baggage, it's kind of you leave depression leave your emotional baggage at home when you're going home. Yeah, when you talk about different kinds of genres of books, we can say fiction. Mhm, right if Rory We reads encyclopedias every day. We say that these books are nonfiction. Yeah, it's fiction or nonfiction. So Dostoevsky is Fiction. Yes and encyclopedias are nonfiction. What else do we have? Sci-fi? Yeah. So science fiction books World a clue is there isn't it's Fiction. It's not real and for some science fiction. It's probably good that it's not real. He and Harry Potter for example, that's like fantasy and Star Wars would be sci-fi, which is you have you could have historical fiction crime fiction all of these things like the realest. Yeah, they're all not real. So they're all fictional details. different genres No jewishness, you can listen to Rory's beautiful answers again. And this time notice all the grammar and vocabulary. He's used for high school. Okay, Rory. Do you enjoy reading? Yes, I do. I've always loved it actually and I think it stems from my childhood when my mother would read books to me. How often do you read? Well right now I probably don't reads often enough due to the amount of work. I'm doing However, when I do read I'm quite a voracious reader I can go through quite a few books and just one sitting actually do you usually read for pleasure or for work purposes? Well right now I read for work purposes. Like I say because I'm working so much. I always have to stay informed of different things different trends that are happening. And so I will be reading articles mostly. However, I'm hoping I'll be progressively reading more and more for pleasure because as my head fills up with all of this information from articles and things my brain usually needs a rest. So I need to start working in some more Leisure Time reading. What's the last book? You read? I remember very clearly the book. I read was called sexual persona. It's a book by Camille Paglia. It talks about the relationship between art and culture for at least the last five thousand years of human history, and it was interesting but it's a bit of a door stopper. Actually. It's about 600 pages and again because of how much I've been working it took me about seven months to read it was very it's sort of a very dense book. I guess you could say em, but after reading it, I feel I know much more about culture now. Oh, wow. It's like reading War and Peace by Tolstoy. Yeah. Basically I'm although I think she mentions Tolstoy in the book actually as well which book had a strong impact on you. I remember when I was much younger, I think it was about 10 years ago when I was 20 I read A book called the Ragged trousered philanthropists. It was a fictional book but it made a very convincing case for socialism actually and it was so convincing. I I became a raving communist for about a year of my life, which I think is quite funny since I'm a little bit more conservative now, but what's strange about that is the fact that it was a fiction book, but it still made such a convincing case for something in real life and you would usually expect a nonfiction book to achieve that. What was your favorite book or story when you were a child? I can remember the book, but I can't remember the name and there was a nature book and it was about the life cycles of different animals. It was really engaging just the way the information was presented. And in addition to the great presentation of information. It also had really cool illustrations as well. This was a long time ago. So they didn't really have many sort of photographic pictures in books articles. Sad to draw accurate representations of different things in particular. I remember a picture of a crocodile which was really convincing. It was so cool. I really liked it. No Little Red Riding Hood not quite for me Little Red Riding Hood is is a bit too childish. Even when I was younger. I preferred reading about things rather than people so you are mature from the get-go. I like mature subjects. I don't know if I was a mature person. Yeah, no fairy story fairy tales for worry, okay. Moving on. Do you have many books at home? Oh Lord. Yeah, I have at least one thousand in my room back in Scotland. I've got a small set of bookshelves for them. Although I suppose they're not so small now given how many books I've got and and then people in my family like to read quite a lot. So that's just in my room but throughout the house there are there must be many more books that are there we were way over 2,000 books. Well, do you have some Dostoevsky? Pushkin I don't I keep meaning to read Russian literature. So perhaps like I said when I was talking about in my leisure time, I need to read more this should be the these should book should be at the top of my list really shouldn't yeah, but would you really like Pushkin lermontov like poems or would you go for this Dostoevsky gloomy and doomy things I really I don't like poetry so much. I think I would prefer to read a book with this one narrative really as opposed to just different poems about different things do people do enough reading this. These days I think they probably read more but they don't read within not enough depth. And so for example, people are reading different things. They read things on social media and they read a different articles online, but they're all sort of like soundbites. I suppose people don't really analyze them and think about them like they would when they have a book which provides like a great deal of thought about different things and I remember reading something That when we were talking about how people read online. Usually when people read online, they don't read the whole article. They just read different parts of it. There's never really thought so much in depth thought about it. Do you prefer ebooks or hard copies? It might not be environmentally friendly and maybe I'm a bit old-fashioned but I think hard copies or just better. I like having the book in front of me. I feel like I'm more engaged some more authentic reading experience and then when you Finish reading the book you have this kind of sense of accomplishment at the end when you finish it and you put it on your shelf with all of the other books that are there it just the whole experience is much nicer. I think although I can appreciate why people are starting to prefer ebooks now though. They're lighter you can carry around more with you. And of course it's better for the environment. Are you one of these people who smell books old drugs? Yeah old books have a smell that not new bookstore new books. Don't swell they don't Something Tools in my opinion. Okay, they don't have a smell and they don't have the same smell older books with kind of Yellow Pages have a kind of sweet smell about them, which is nice, but I don't understand smelling new books for me. It doesn't make sense DUIs this breaking news surprise. Surprise. Guess what? Rory is an author himself? Yeah. That's just been talking about books and Rory actually does write books. Oh my God, Rory. Tell us about your books. Well, I've only written three so far any books, he's written three books. You guys. Wow. I'm in the midst of writing the fourth one night. The first three books are science fiction book. So one is military science fiction. The second is science fiction horror and the third one is science fiction history. Actually. I was it in English or in Russian there in English. Yes, but they are available all over the world. You can download them from Amazon or if you're very lucky you can Hard copy from from Amazon as well. We have had Hobbies. Yeah. Wow, really? Can I have an autograph, please? Um, yes. Great. Can you books help our listeners when they learn English or they prepare for iOS I think so and actually if they have a Band-Aid or a bunt 9 then they'll be able to use the language quite flexibly and I use language really flexibly with this could be like your driving force jealousness to be able to read one of his books. You should speak English. So you learn the language and then you read all these books. Well first you buy them and then where can you be where can I buy them? There are only available on Amazon right now, but Hopefully they'll be available elsewhere in the future. So if people are interested in finding them, then the link is in the description below. Thank you very much for listening. Bye. Have a good read.