All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone.In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. Let me tell you guys this stuff is seriously the easiest way to make a podcast. I tried doing it the professional way and I broke my computer. So I'm doing it on here. This stuff is amazing. And without it I wouldn't be doing my podcast right now. So yeah, go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and you can make your own version of chillax fication if you so, please All right episode 2 man. I'm fucking excited for this one. Um, yeah, man, I was going to try and do an episode every week but last week and the week before were really busy weeks for me honestly. Well, okay. So here's the explanation on that. I was going to do it one week and I was busy and then the week after that which I think was last week. I don't know. I don't know when it was but one of the weeks in between when I first posted it, I I tried to make an episode 2 and it just it wasn't going well. Um, I was having a really bad week and you know that episode that I was recording it was well first I was like 20 minutes in and then I got interrupted by my mom. My cat and then I tried to re-film it will re-record it because I'm not filming it and it didn't go. Well. I was just I was in a horrible mood. I had a really bad week and all I was doing was just complaining about shit and just being really negative and I don't want my podcast to be like that. I was in a funk and I'm not anymore. And yeah, I just didn't I don't want my my to be like that. I don't want my work to be like that. I just don't want to put something out where it's just me being negative and complaining and stuff like that. I don't like to hear it from other people. So I wouldn't expect other people to want to hear that kind of stuff for me. So yeah, that's why this hasn't been the most study inconsistent podcast so far but episode 2, it's happenin right now. I'm here I'm doing Then my thing having a pretty awesome fucking day the past two weeks have been twill past three weeks. I don't even know how long ago it was when I first posted the first episode. But yeah ever since then things have been really busy for me. I had a break from school and I was just working like all the time not all the time, but I was working a lot because for me I only get nine hours a week. Well, I used to only get nine. Hours a week. I worked an 8-hour shift and then I had a two-hour shift. And then that was it for the week for me. And then on my break, I worked every single day except two days. So going from only working two days to working like five days was really weird for me and really crazy. So for me, it felt busy, but I know there's people out there that probably you know work way more than me even people my age, you know, people really love the money and I do too so Break iCup just taking more hours. I work a lot more now and I hate it. I hate my job. My job is not fun. But I really do appreciate having the money. Um, so yeah that's been going on after break school started again. I've been really busy with school. I have like I have so much shit to do. Well, it's hard to explain but I You know people say that senior year is supposed to be your easiest year and I feel like for everybody except for me and then a few of my friends that I know that is not the case. I don't know if I talked about this in my last podcast and if I did I apologize but it's just I just can't get over it. It's baffling to me how much fucking work I have and like it's no joke like it's not like, oh my teacher gave me homework. Fuck that. My should never get homework as a senior like I'm not like that. But like I've just had papers on Papers on papers. I've had mad like research essays. I've had mad test. I started my classes changed and the classes that I have this half of the year are just they're just very, you know, they're very busy. There's a lot of work in them and it's not what I was expecting. And so yeah, I was struggling with the amount of work that I had because I just wasn't I've never had this much work ever. I'm Hey, this is the most school work. I've had of any of my years which is really weird because everybody's like senior year is like basically just a fuck. I asked you like you don't do much and boy that is not the case for me. And this is also the worst time of year for me right after February break in between April break. It's just like a long stretch no days off like nothing. So it started off pretty Rocky for me. Like I said, the past few weeks have been really bad. For me, it's just I'm working a lot more. I'm still doing riding like twice a week. I have to elaborate on that to also after this. I'm working. I'm riding and I have a lot of work to do for school. So, you know, I was really like overwhelmed. I was like super negative and I was just in a funk, but now I'm out of it. I'm doing great. I'm on top of my shit. I just got my second paper done a week in advance. Before it was even do that felt really good for me. I just passed one of my math test that I really really thought that I was going to fail and I passed it and I'm like super happy about that. Um, yeah things are just there looking up for me. I feel like and so yeah, man, I've just been busy. I've just been doing the damn thing. I just, you know, trying to keep my grades up. I am doing really good in school right now, but I'm kind of like a perfectionist and you know, Like one of those kids that like if I get a 99 I like cry because I want to know what the one point off was that I got one of those kids. So I do put a lot of extra pressure on stress on myself that isn't there and isn't necessary but I'm working on it. Like I said, like my math test I just barely passed it. I got a 68 and I was ecstatic whereas if that happened to me last year. I got a 60, I would probably be figuring out how to kill myself like I would be very very upset by that. That but yeah, I'm just working on chilling out. She locks defying if you will just I'm just trying to enjoy life man. And it's working today was just today was an awesome day. I only had to go into school for like an hour and a half. I was only there for one and a half periods and I got to leave really I went in late. I got to leave really early the weather was so nice. Say right after I got out of school. I was just driving around with the windows down listening to my music like my happy music and it was just oh my God, it was just so good and I got all my homework done for the week just now, which also I feel really good about because that takes a lot of stress off me. Yeah, man. I'm just I'm doing really good right now and I'm like, I'm happy to be making this episode. This isn't like the last one that I tried to film like, I don't really have anything negative. Negative to say and I'm happy about that because I've been wanting to put out a second episode. But like I said, I don't want to put out stuff that's like like- you know what I mean? Like nobody wants to hear that. Nobody wants to sit there and listen to someone complain for fucking almost an hour and I don't want to put that out there. Like I don't want people listening to my podcast like hearing me and being like, oh, wow. Look, she's such a downer blah blah blah. So yeah this episode I'm super happy. Now I'm actually pretty confident about this. I was super excited to film because I've been waiting to do this and I've just kind of been waiting for you know, interesting things that happened in my life that I can talk about because I don't know. I mean as you guys know from the last episode this isn't really a podcast that has like like a singular topic. It's not very informational. It's kind of just like my brain flow like basically whatever pops into my head. That's what you know comes out of my mouth. So it's kind of like all over the place. So like if I'm in like a bad mood or like something boring, so I happening like I'm kind of just like forcing shit out that like, you know, isn't what I want to put out there. It's like with my music I'm not going to put out shit that's like stupid and boring and stuff like that just to put something out. I you know, I care what I put out and what I put effort into and I feel like it reflects me and I don't want to start off this podcast with So to me being a fucking Debbie Downer, so yeah, but I'm just I'm really chilling and I'm just happy to be here. Oh, yeah, I have some life updates that nobody asked for but this is my podcast. So I'm going to talk about it if I fuckin want to I was talking about in the last episode how the way my podcast is going is just tad bit ghetto because I'm filming on my fucking phone and my computer was trash. - and I got an interface and it wasn't working on my computer and I finally got a new computer. I got a MacBook Air like I don't know like I don't this isn't like bragi. I feel like and if you think it's bragi suck my dick. I've been waiting to have a Macbook since I was literally like conceived like I've wanted one for like I don't even know how long and my mom was always like, oh as your graduation present, I'll give you a Macbook and I am a senior now and it is a little in advance. You know, I'm not graduated yet. Obviously, it's March but my mom's a g and I love her shout out to you Mom. I love you so much and shout out to Jen for the computer. Jen is my aunt will not really my aunt. But basically my aunt and she had a Macbook for her job and it's in like literally Mint Condition because it's for her job. So obviously she couldn't fuck it up and she gave it to my mom and my mom gave it to me because she knew Knew that. My other computer was garbage. It wasn't working. I couldn't even turn it on like it was just horrible and you know, I needed it for music. I needed it for my podcast. We get Chromebooks in school, but I don't really like them. So I was trying to do my homework on it and it just it wasn't working and it was really stressful for me. So she went and she got me the MacBook before I graduated and I'm super grateful. And yeah, so I'm finally able. To make music in Ableton without it just fucking crashing and dying in the middle of a song and not saving it and it doesn't take 85 years for me to just even open the able to app like its just oh my God, it's so amazing. And like I said, I've wanted a Macbook for like God knows how long so I finally got it and I'm like, oh my God, like my life is complete. But yeah, so I'm not even used to having a computer that like genuinely actually works like I'm getting used to it now cause I've had it for what like a week or two now, but like when I first got it, I was like I was like fucking baffled because it was working like so fast and I didn't need to click on things 800 times and like restart it and shut it off and like all that shit. So I was like, what do I do? Look I'm not used to having a computer that actually works. But yeah, I'm really happy about it. And I don't know it's just it's dope and it's finally making it so, you know, I can make my music and It is a lot easier and like seamless and I don't know. I'm just really happy about it. And but yeah, like my old computer was garbage if I talked about this in my last podcast again, I'm sorry. I just as I talked about in the last episode. I don't really have many brain cells and my memories kind of like shop because I'm an ex crackhead. Well, I still have crackhead energy, but I'm you know, anyways, yeah, so I don't really remember shit. So if I talk about things more than once just feel free to I don't know fast. Word or something, but my computer I got in seventh grade. I'm a senior now, so I probably got it when I was like, I don't know. What's the math bro. That's like what four years ago. So I was probably like 12 or 13. So it's a four year old computer and to add on to that. It was a two hundred dollar Windows computer from Walmart. Wal-Mart, it was $200. It was from Walmart. So I'm pretty sure you can kind of you know, understand that. It was not the highest quality. It was literally window six. It wasn't even Windows 7 like that's how old it was. Yeah, it was horrible and I like you couldn't even use it without it being on the charger like their battery was always at dead and if you unplug the charger then the whole You to return off it was just a nightmare and honestly, it was like I would rather not have a computer if then have that computer because I was so close to like everything that I wanted and needed to do but it was so fucking shitty that I couldn't do it. So everything was like so close but so far away and it really pissed me the fuck off. Give me one second. Hold on. I really hope you couldn't hear that because it's kind of ghetto but I just had to turn my fan off in my room because I'm like freezing cold. But yeah, so I don't know like this MacBook man. It's fucking change in my life. Like it's crazy. Like I'm super happy about it. And yeah, it's just making things a lot easier. I'm still trying to figure out how to get my like how to record the podcast through Ableton with my interface. I'm not recording Mike and all of that so it sounds a little more Professional so I apologize for that. I thought I would have had it by the second episode and I just I can't figure it out. Um, I'm good in Ableton and making music but I'm not good with like hardware and shit like that. So it's been really difficult for me to figure it out. I think there's either something wrong with the with the interface itself or with the mic I'm using because it hooks up it says that it's in like it like reads that it's like On and stuff like that, but like no sound comes out unless I like tap on the mic then like a tiny little, you know, like noise comes up. But basically it's just all static. So if anyone's listening to this and they know how to fix that please let me know but I highly doubt it because the only people that listen to this at this point are probably my friends and I know none of them know how to do that stuff. But yeah, so I apologize about that. I really thought that I would have had more professional stuff by the second episode, but you know, this is a low Quality party gasps. I read it's coming for me of all people. Um, so yeah, like you get low quality content you get low quality to sound you get low quality everything, but that's what you signed up for when you are in my presence just low quality everything but you get used to it and you learn to love it. I feel like so it's not really that much of an issue for me. Well, it might be for you guys, but suck my dick. I really don't care anymore. Anyways, oh, yeah, I want to talk about um, just some interesting things. I have my roommate for college. Um, shout out Jordan love you boo, and I don't know like I'm just really excited. Like I hung out with her for the first time like really hung out like we met before and we went and got her nails done and stuff like that. But like I slept over at her house and it was so fun and just like, I don't know like I'm just super super excited for college. Like I don't know man. The senioritis is Really getting to me and like I've always hated school. I feel like I've had senioritis since I was a freshman but like this year. It's like it's debilitating. Like I really don't want to be there like, I don't know but the only thing like getting me through everything is just like, oh my God like soon enough. I'm going to be living with like my best friend. Like I'm going to be having The Best Time Ever. I'm going to be learning about shit that like, I'm actually interested in like I'm not going to be sitting there learning about fucking politics. I don't care about that shit. I'm just required to learn. Learn about it. Oh, I fucking hate that about high school. I hate that shit. Why like I feel like the stuff that were required to learn about is so fucking useless. So useless like I understand like US history. I understand like some of the English classes math up to a certain point. I understand science up to a certain point. I understand but like I don't know. I feel like we learned about such like Dumbass shit. Like I want to learn about how to have a good credit score and like, you know how to like minimize my student loans for college and like for people who don't want to go to college, you know other career paths to take other than just going to college and fucking being in debt. Like, you know what I'm saying, like how to take out a mortgage how to fucking buy a car let you know what I'm saying, like stuff like that. I want to learn stuff like that like it's kind of scary to just get thrown out into the real world with basically like no resources unless your parents. You know about it. Yeah, that really pisses me off and I wish we learned about stuff like that. But you know here I am fucking reading the handmaid's tale and you know doing document analysis and forensics and fucking writing papers on marijuana legalization in history. Like I don't really care about any of that except the weed legalization obviously last episode. I made it very clear that I am a hundred percent 150,000% actually supportive of me. Juana and all its uses and sorry for that noise just clapped my hands and I forgot this is a podcast and I shouldn't really be doing a but yeah, I support that obviously but it's just like like I'm so so done with school at this point. I'm so tired of high school I should say because I'm super ready for college and I'm super excited. I'm just really done with high school and just everything about it. But yeah, so I'm really excited to just be living with my best friend. And like we get along so well, and I'm so happy that I found my roommates so far in advance because like even if we didn't get along and you know, like I just talked to her for a few days and then I stopped and I found somebody else. It's just living with someone gives me so much anxiety because I'm an only child and I live in my room by myself. I don't share my room with anyone. I don't share my space my bathrooms usually just for me. So I just like that, you know, I found my roommate in advance because Like we have all this time to get to know each other prior to even living together. So I feel like living together is just going to be like super dope and super fun. And I just I can't wait like we're already planning out our room and like the color scheme and everything like that and like yeah, it's just I'm I'm like Beyond excited for I'm super ecstatic. And yeah, so that's that on the roommate situation. I'm trying to think what else is going on my Writing situation has changed and I'm actually really kind of sad about this. I don't know if I talked about this at all and episode 1 but I love riding riding horses. I mean some people get confused as to what I mean. I'm writing and it then it confuses me because like what the fuck else do people ride like cows tractors like what the fuck like I don't like but I think of riding I think horseback riding when like what else do other people think of when they hear riding like a broomstick like I don't understand it's weird. But yeah, I have to clarify that every time I say writing that I do horseback riding because I ride horses. Okay now that we got that out of the way, but yeah, I love writing. I love horses. It's my passion. I totally would do something in the field regarding horses, but they get paid. Like nothing and you know, I'm not trying to be poor so, you know, I got to think about that. But um, yeah, I really love writing and I was leasing like one of my favorite horses of all time and it's just it didn't work out and I'm really upset about it. I'm not that upset but you know, it's kind of disappointing because I was riding three days a week and I was just like having the time of my life and I was riding so much. I was having so much fun and it was a horse that I love and you know I'm not doing it anymore. And it kind of pisses me off because it look really wasn't even my decision. It wasn't my fault. The barn that I was leasing him at the first like I think I did it for like two or three months probably the first month the lady knew exactly what time and days I came and I did the same thing every week. I did Tuesday and Thursday around like 1:30 or 2:00 o'clock. We knew that it was a A published I did it every week no surprises every week. I texted her and said the same time same days and never changed and then she started like like I don't like say this then she start their ago. The word was scheduling Jesus fuck it took me in that long to figure out the word scheduling but then she started scheduling people, um during those times that she knew I was writing and like I first I didn't know I thought maybe it was just like for one week and maybe it was just like, you know an accident or she forgot but then she started doing it every fucking week and um, well there has a hold on. Give me a second. My brain is processing. Oh and yeah, and those were like Tuesdays and Thursdays at 1:30 / 2 o'clock. Those are the only times I were free to ride during the week. So like, you know, I would just go straight after I got out of school on those days ride for an hour. Come home to my homework and then you know stuff like that and that's specifically why I told her in the beginning I would come on Tuesdays and Thursdays around two o'clock or 130 because I was like the only time I had available because I was riding Tuesday Wednesday Thursday, and then I started working on Fridays and I like to have my Saturday's to myself and then Sunday is I work all day and then Monday nights I work also so Tuesdays and Thursdays at that time was just like, you know, like the only time that really works for me and she knew that because for the first like month and a half I was doing that every week Tuesday and Thursday at 1:30 2:00 o'clock. I was doing then. She knew that and she saw me there every week and then she started scheduling lessons at that time. And she was like, oh you can ride in these lessons like it's fine blah blah blah, but then they were doing like it was jumping lessons and I'm on flat which means I just do walk Trot Canter stuff. Sometimes I do like ground poles and stuff like that. But you know, nothing super crazy. I'm not the most confident writer. So I've been on flat for kind of a long time as I build my confidence I would like Into jumping again because I used to do it really long time ago not correctly. It was kind of just like okay you can jump but just, you know go over this and hold on for dear life. There was no actual like like the way I wasn't taught. You know what I'm saying? They're just like okay just hold on, you know, and I had a really fun time doing that, but it was incorrect. So now I'm back on flat again, and she knows that I'm only doing flat and she put me in these jumping lessons where Are they were doing like courses which means are I'm trying to explain this for non horseback riding people, but it's like they do jumps but it like it takes up basically the whole Arena like they do different patterns and they do, you know different like all that stuff. So when they're doing the course the people need the entire Rena and I'm just supposed to be doing flat. So I'm just basically trotting around and Catering around in circles and stuff like that and I couldn't do that because the people in the lesson kind of First dibs on the arena and they needed the entire Arena. So I was basically just going in there getting ready like getting intact up doing all of that just to stand in the middle of the arena and watch other people ride. I didn't have any time to ride and then to make matters even worse then on those Tuesdays and Thursdays at the normal time I show up and she's having people doing lessons on the horse that I'm leasing at that time. I'm but when I first started leasing there, she said if you're leasing you have first dibs on that horse. So when you want to come ride you get to come ride because you're leasing him and then the lessons are built around that and then she literally was like putting people on him when I was supposed to go ride him and I was a lie, sir. Like I was really fucking pissed and before I even before I started picking up more hours. Um, I was literally bringing home like $5 a week or tent like five to ten dollars a week after the money that I had to put away for my lease and half of my lesson because my mom splits my own their lesson with me. So I literally was like paying so much money and I could barely afford it and I wasn't even able to ride like it was really just like, uh, like I'm just super upset about it because I really love the horse and I liked hacking it was Fun like but I don't know man, like even now that I make the money that I could throw away two hundred fifty dollars a month. I don't want to do that. I don't want to throw away my money and I'm not going to keep paying you to basically just like fuck me over, you know. Yeah, I just feel like kind of an idiot because I wrote it this Barn previously and it was bad news and new person took over it. So I thought that it would be better and it's just it's it's just the same as it was before just the shadiness is a little more swept under the rug, you know, but yeah, so I'm kind of upset about that because I don't know man riding is like, I love it. I love it so much. I love being around horses. I love all of that. It's like my favorite thing to do. Pardon me? Okay, I'm back. Sorry. This is exactly what happened in my last time that I tried to film this my cat was just fucking being stupid asshole and meowing and shit and I just ended up stopping it but I feel like I'm doing really good right now and I really like how this has been going. So I didn't want to stop it. But yeah, I just had to put him out of my room. But anyways, yeah the whole writing thing just really like, I don't know. It's just like I took a chance I wasted a lot of money. You know it is what it is. I wish I had done differently, but it didn't and yeah, so now I'm not leasing anymore and like I don't know I really had a fun time while it worked out but I am still riding more than I was I took up a second lesson for the week. So I'm taking two lessons a week, which I feel like is actually better than having one lesson into hacks a week because cuz again for non horseback riding people when okay, so hacking is just basically you get you get your horse ready all that stuff like by yourself. You just you go ride you go do whatever you want. Yeah, it's just whatever you want to do, but lessons obviously like there's instructions or telling you what to do what not to do what to fix how to do things and you know, like if you Why why are my animals like this? I just want to fucking do a podcast about my animals interrupting everything. Oh God, this is so ghetto. I'm so sorry, but just ignore that. Anyways, yeah so lessons you basically it's a lot more informational and I don't know like if I'm learning more a week. I'm really hoping that can advance more and get farther and build more confidence and stuff like that. That so yeah, I'm just really hoping to progress and hopefully I progressed a little faster just because I'm doing two lessons a week instead of one because like I said, I really want to get back into jumping when I did do jumping it wasn't correct and I did probably like four or five jumping lessons probably about like three years ago, but still to this day like it was just it was the most like exhilarating most fun. Most amazing. Feeling like I've ever had in my life like jumping was just so it was it was so fun. I can't even describe it. Like I just I fell in love with it. I loved it so much and then the fact that I left that barn and then you know, I realized I wasn't even really jumping. I was just kind of like holding on for dear life and I had to start all over again. I was really upset by that so yeah, I'm just really trying to fight my way back into jumping so I can get their man because Cuz that's just that's what I want to do, man. I love it so fun. Like I don't know man. It's just it's fucking great and I probably sound like the most like annoying creepy obnoxious horse girl right now, and I promise I'm not I'm not a freak like most of the other ones. But yeah, I just that's just my thing. It's always been my thing and I really don't know why it just oh my God, fuck my life. Okay. All right. Yep. So basically I my dogs so much I would yell at him but I just don't want to yell during my podcast. I don't know if the people would like I don't know it would not be good for people's ears listening. But yeah, so the whole writing thing it's kind of like there's some good there's some good things happening right now regarding my While riding life and there's also some bad things happening. But I feel like the good is like weighing it out more. I'm also trying to find Barnes up in Plattsburgh from when I go to school. I have two possible Barnes that look really nice and I'm just yeah, man, I just can't wait like I can't wait to have my BSN be a nurse make my Shmoney and just have like a horse on my own and just ride like every day and just like that's my dream like I don't want kids. I don't even think I want a husband. I just want one or two horses and I want to you know, I want to work night shifts. So yeah, so like work in the night take a nap go to the barn and then yeah, man, that's just like fast like the life that I live. That's a life that I want to live. That's like my ideal life and also going on vacation and traveling a lot. Yeah. I love going on vacation. I want to see like the entire world before global. And kills us all so yeah, but yeah, so I don't know man. Things are just like I don't know. My life is just going over all really good right now. I don't know. Well, I dunno why I just don't want to talk about it. But yeah things are really looking up for me and the past few weeks. Like I said, they weren't that good and I was just really negative and it just feels really good to feel good again, you know, it feels nice to finally Of my like have a optimistic look on things again. And it's just like when you get into a funk, it's it's really hard to get out of it, but it's really easy to dig yourself deeper. And I feel like you know, you guys can kind of understand what I mean by that like, I don't know it just it takes more effort to train your brain to not think badly and it's easier to just keep on piling things on yourself and like sometimes like especially with me I just subconsciously do a guy just subconsciously dig myself into a deeper hole, but I'm fucking out bitch. I'm not six feet under I'm six feet above actually. I'm 5 4 and 5 4 feet above so yeah suck my dick to the evil Mercury retrograde. That's probably trying to fuck up my life right now. Little ASMR for you, guys. Oh, yeah. Let's have a conversation about that because I want to talk about that ASMR. I am confused. Um, I okay. I'm not hating on ASMR. I'm hating on some forms of it. Just so we are well aware and first off before I even get into This is my opinion. And this is my podcast. So I'm going to share my opinion and I don't give a fuck if you agree or disagree and if you happen to disagree, that's not my problem. That's a you problem and you are not obligated required to listen to this. Okay? Okay, I like ASM harm. But the ASMR that I don't like and I don't understand why it's a thing is fucking people munching and crunching and eating with their fucking mouths open on a camera into a microphone. Who is that soothing for who is that soothing for? Let me know let me know right now. Who is that soothing to because I cannot name One Singular fucking person that doesn't vomit when people eat with their mouths open. I think it is disgusting when people eat with their mouth open. It's annoying. It's obnoxious and if you're past the age of 10 10 years old, you should know how to fucking chew with your mouth. Closed Kay-Kay. So why are we just allowed people to chew with their mouths open on fucking camera into a microphone? Why is that a thing why that's fucking gross and vile and nasty like I like mukbangs to how do you say mukbang McBain? I don't care how you say it because I say how I want to say and I don't give a fuck how anyone else does it but like I like muck bangs and I like watching people like, I don't know like I'm I made one myself where I just say Kate and like talked and like it was just fun, but I don't like when people eat into the camera and to the microphone and are chomping and chewing for dramatic ASMR affect K. I don't mind watching people eat food as long as they eat food with their mouths closed. I don't care. I like watching people pig out and eat like fucking eighty thousand calories worth of fucking chicken wings all at once. It's dope as shit, and sometimes I watch those videos when I'm hungry, so Don't eat so I don't be fat but I don't understand why people want to hear people chomping and chewing in high definition in their fucking eardrums bro eardrums, like when people in school like Chomp on their gum with their mouth open in class, I literally want to smack the shit out of them. Like there have been times where me and my like me. Or one of my friends or like just somebody that I know in class has been like can you chew with your mouth closed please to people who are fucking grown-ass adults and don't know how to chew gum correctly with her mouth closed. And also if you're listening to this and you chew with your mouth open and you're offended go fuck yourself and also suck my dick but also grow the fuck up because I have a feeling if you're listening to this you're probably either my age or older which basically means you're fucking gross. Okay, if you still eat with your mouth open as a grown adult, you deserve the death penalty honestly electric chair for you lethal injection for you. If you're allergic to peanut butter, I'm gonna fucking show peanut butter down your throat bitch. Like I just don't understand why we allow people to be disgusting like do your ASMR. I love hearing people like whisper. I love those ones that are like, you know, like they pretend to be the doctor and like like, you know stuff like that. That's cool. That's fine. But please please stop walking eating into a microphone. Like I don't want to hear it. Like I don't and like I don't know how there's people out there that want to hear that and are okay with hearing that and literally go to YouTube and Google that and look it up and voluntarily choose to watch the hat like, That's something I feel like they would do as a war crime like you're a prisoner for another country and they fucking strap you down by your ankles and your wrists onto a bed and they just fucking chew with their mouths open next to your ear. That is torture right there. That is literally torture if you want to torture me and you want to kill me and you do that to me I would die in three and a half seconds not even three and a half seconds. That's all it would take. I would literally just my brain would just shut down and put itself into a cell phone. Zeus coma and I would just die like that is so fucking nasty children with your mouth open gross go somewhere. Its 2020 bro, 20 motherfucking 20 close your mouth closed your fucking mouth, please I'm begging you for the good of all the American people all that every single person in the whole world that exists on this planet for every single seven billion of us. Please please please learn to chew with your mouth closed God and if you cannot chew with your mouth closed don't make an ass some more video head of it, please don't do that. Don't do that. Just don't I just don't. Oh my God, like this pisses me off so much. Like if you can't tell this is why I want to have a video podcast because you could probably you could definitely see like anger on my face right now and just you can't I don't know if you can tell how angry she doing with people people chewing with her. Thanks for English. Angelica. Try again you I don't think you can hear maybe you can but like I just don't think you get the severity of this. Like I just don't think that you understand how disgusting chewing with your mouth open is to me and I don't know it just really pisses me off. Like I just don't understand people who do shit like that like grow up grow up go go take Fucking life class where you learn how to fucking chew with your mouth closed, please like that should be a right of passage that you should not be considered an adult until you learn how to chew with your mouth closed when I become president. I'm making that a lot if you choose if you chew with your mouth open, you're getting fucking arrested and you're getting the death penalty and you're dying. That's what's going to happen to you when I'm president. Oh my God, I would love to be president. That would be so funny. I'm just tapping. Look, it's not like I don't yeah. Yeah, if I was President opening of kill people, but I would definitely make it a crime at least it misdemeanor, you know, because that's just like annoying. The only thing I would give death penalties for If I Was President is pedophiles rapists and child abusers and animal abusers all those people would get the death penalty. No hesitation. Like there wouldn't even need to be a trial by bitch if you actually get convicted of raping someone or molesting someone Being a pedophile or killing an animal or killing your kid or abusing your kid. You just you just die. That's it. Like there's no if you get found guilty just automatically death penalty electric chair, you know, I don't have any tolerance for that shit. I don't like disgusting people. I feel like I would be a good president. I definitely feel like I'd be better than Trump to and after Trump getting elected. I kind of feel like almost anyone. Can be president I mean clearly having brain cells isn't a requirement because I think I have more brain cells than Trump and that says a lot because my brain I definitely feel like I have brain damage and I'm probably 80 times smarter than him. He speaks out of fourth grade level. Come on now seriously get it together and you're listening to this and you're a trump supporter. I hope you're offended by what I said. I hope you personally triggered. and I hope I hope it hurts you I hope it comes true deep because Trump is a stupid bitch and he's most likely probably going to get reelected again so I'm going to talk my shit until he's gone but yeah I think I would if I was President man this country would be dope as shit like dead-ass like I'll never be illegal federally that's the first thing I would do as president I would make weed legal federally everywhere acid to yep both of those would be legal for recreational medical everything completely legal and also I would lower the drinking age to I would say 17. I feel like 17 it's good like after you get your license. So like you kind of know how to drive and you know, the dangers of drinking and driving and then you can drink when you're younger. I think that's dope because I've been drinking since I don't even know how long what else I would definitely ban cigarettes and Jules sorry guys. I just really don't appreciate cancer. Even though I'm an ex Nick addict. Not really I was never addicted. I just really like just I just like smoking, you know, I'm just like having stuff to smoke. I've never been like addicted or had like withdrawals. But like I know some of my friends that like are literally addicted and like shaken like quiver if they don't have Nick, I never been like that. It's just kind of more like a bad habit. But yeah, I would do that. That would nobody has lung cancer. What else would I do? I don't know man. Wow. Why do I sound like that bro? I would definitely like I said make death penalties for pedophiles rapists and abusers. Um, I would make sure that teachers and nurses and doctors have get more money and then like rich people jobs would get less money because fuck you, um in a perfect world. I would make college free without taxing anybody except for rich people. Um, yeah, man, I should run for fucking president throw my name in the fucking debate president and jovica. That's it. That's that's all we need man. President Angelica. I agree with it. Yep, and my slogan would be chillax 2020. Oh my God, that would be so funny. I'm gonna think of a slogan. I don't know. I'll think of it later. But yeah, president Angelica that kind of has a cool ring to it. Right? I wouldn't go by President Flores because I just don't agree with my last name because I don't associate with my father. I associate with my other cousins and stuff like that for my dad's side of the family just my dad in particularly. Well, what the fuck that's not how that works. Just my dad in particular about my dad. Father my sperm donor. I just don't associate with him because he's not a good person. But yeah, so I wouldn't go by President floors. I would go by President Angelica. Yeah. I'm trying to think of what my slogan would be probably. Yeah, chillax a fication 2020. Well, I probably have to run like 20 24. I don't know. But yeah, I think I should be president. So yeah to conclude this podcast. I should be president. Please chew with your mouth closed. Um I don't even know what else I talked about. Oh, yeah. My life is going good. And yeah, that's basically it. Yeah. Thank you guys for listening if you listen to this one. I think my podcast is now out on Apple podcast as well as Spotify. So if you guys are Apple music listeners or apple music people, it'll be on that too because For it was only on Spotify and anchor obviously. But yeah, I just got the email a couple days ago that it's finally up on Apple podcasts. So this one should be up on Apple podcasts pretty I think almost like immediately. I don't know how it works. But yeah, so check this out on Apple podcast Spotify anchor and Pocket Casts was the other one. Um at some point I will be putting it. On YouTube, it's just I think I'm going to put the podcast on YouTube when I finally start the video podcast not just the sound because I already have the sound out on this Spotify apple and stuff like that. So like why would I put it on YouTube? I kind of hate you too because you can't wash things like in the background, you know what I mean? Unless you have like YouTube premium, and I'm not fucking paying for you too, bro. I never had to pay for it before. I'm never fucking paying for YouTube ever in my life. Suck my dick. I don't even know why that's a real thing. Fuck you YouTube for that YouTube premium shit. They're trying to make everything a premium and I don't fucking want a premium of everything. You know what I don't need to fucking pay for everything. I don't have to pay for shit before. So why do I have to pay for shit now? YouTube already makes enough money and from fucking stealing from its creators and shit like that. So suck my dick. I'm not paying for YouTube premium. So yeah, there's no reason for me to put the podcast on YouTube when you can listen to it on Spotify and you can close out of the fucking app and also do other things with your fucking life. Same thing goes with apple music. I would assume I don't use apple music I use Spotify, but they're basically the same thing just with different like formats and layouts and stuff like that. But yeah, this isn't going to go on YouTube until I actually can make the videos and that's not To happen until I get the audio recording thing figured out with my laptop and the interface and I Mike and Ableton stuff like that. So hopefully that comes soon because I really want to make a video podcast as you guys know, I watched this past weekend King the stink congratulations fighter in the Kid Joe Rogan and they're all video podcast and I just really like I like watching people talk and like get into their topic. And you know get heated or you know, get really like laugh battery. Like I just really love just watching people be themselves and do their own thing and that's what I want this podcast to be too. So you guys can do the same but with me so I'm hopefully everyone fingers crossed pray to whatever you believe in if you don't believe in anything, don't pray just fucking speak it into existence that I get this fucking sound shift figured out so I can make the video podcast. That was a goal. I wanted to make a video podcast not a sound only but I was too anxious to wait and I just wanted to start my podcast already. So these are sound only but like I was trying to do before and then I got distracted because fuck YouTube premium or whatever the fuck it's called. Um, thank you for listening if you listened. Um, I don't know like share this I guess or whatever. I don't know. This isn't I don't know how to conclude a podcast I guess. But yeah, thank you for Listening if you listen this far like you are a g if you ascend for 30 seconds like that still counts as listening. So thanks. I'm grateful for whatever I can get. And yeah, I hope everyone enjoyed this episode and hopefully I will have episode 3 out soon. Like I said, I was going to try and make this a weekly thing. But as I stated I'm kind of busy now, so it might not be every week, but I'm going to try my best to be Somewhat consistent with this stuff because I feel like in order to get out there and be a good podcast and stuff. You got to be consistent. You got to consistently work at it. So that's what I'm going to try to do. All right, he's had everyone and make sure you stay fucking chillaxed.