What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though notOut of key events, like goals assists red cards penalty stuff like that, but there's still a lot to talk about. But before we do that, I want to get your guys's overall thoughts on the game. So Chase I'm going to start with you. How are you? How are you feeling about the game today? I'm feeling pretty pretty okay. I think that in a lot of phases of play. We were pretty solid defensively. I think we look good. We won. We won the game in the Midfield and we just weren't able to kind of finish and I think that that will come you know with our Are two sort of attacking players that were out of this game. I think that the goal is might kind of eventually come especially with Nanny coming back into the fold and I think this performance was something to we could take a lot of positives out of this game and that's all you can really ask, especially when you're losing sort of your star player. All right, Daniel over to you. What were you feeling about the game? I felt actually pretty happy with with the overall outcome. I always been those first two games are a tricky. I mean aerosol. You know Kim came to play, you know tough and to be tight. I think they expected all under to come out them and they notified us to be honest. But if we look at the team performs as a whole, I mean the goalkeeper look strong defense was was much improved. They look like they played together for a while I thought And they linked quite well with the Midfield. I thought I thought the Midfield Trio were very good Mendez was very very good in very tight spaces in his defensive work. Pereira was looking up and trying to make things happen and also was was everywhere and it was the final third again. It's not really just about the striker but it's just that maybe the general cohesion and the chemistry between old transitions which we need to work on but as far as First Dates, Day games go. I mean another draws not the worst and they're also not a bad side. So I'm satisfied with it. Obviously next week. We want to want to see something a bit better. So and Adam, what were your initial thoughts on the game? My big takeaway is that we finally have a coach actually what I saw the lineup I in past years like with O'Connor and Christ, especially feel like we look at the lineup and we Why you know like there would be some will Johnson starting with like hey geetha on the bench or something and you just look at me. Like why would you make that decision and obviously coaches have their guys but I feel like we looked at the lineup today and or yesterday and pretty much everyone looked at me like that's pretty much what I would have done and because we have this idea of like who the best players on the team are and like People were thinking. Oh, maybe come on Miller is going to start a routine yo or maybe early is going to start over Mendoza Midfield and then we saw both of those players that I think the general supporters opinion is that they are the more talented and effective players on our Squad and prey has finding a way to use them and Implement a system instead of saying no I want my guys and they're gonna have to learn to play my system and I'm not going to adopt. So that's what I really took away from the game. Yeah. I think you bring up a good point. Just that was probably our best starting eleven that we could possibly field at this moment in time. And there were no questions about it. Let's kind of go through the 11 golay say started in goal clearly who on Carlos the first kind of contentious Point Jansen. So a lot of people thought Schlegel might start his amazing performance in the preseason, but Jansen gets the start over should I go moteino starts over Miller that was another point of contention that you brought up Mendez over Yuri, and then the rest kind of pick itself are so mean Euler Pereira Michel and to shock and La I was happy with the lineup. Adam was obviously happy with the lineup a Daniel Chase any qualms with the lineup for you? Yeah, I mean I was I was okay with it. I thought it was funny because I you know an Adam said he saw the lineup I left because I wonder did he say the tweet that came out from Orlando city? I did he see it on the TV because the the undercity in turn puts out the 4-4-2 and I just shook my head and I'm thinking there's no way this is for for to but but no, I mean, you know in all seriousness like it's it was a good lineup. I was I was very happy with it. I don't think we could have done anything. Way with the options we have and to be fair. I think every player kind of did what they could in the performance. I think we covered the full-back conundrum as well. Call it a few days back when we talked about Martini on and go on and I mean, it's a good film. We did have more to know because we didn't have much really attacking Frost at all in the game, but he and wanted to provide that so I mean I was okay. I was happy with the line. Capo I don't think there's anything you could have done differently. Yeah, I was happy with it as well. You know, I would like to maybe see like DK or Laura Laura or Bender kind of in the 18 but it's my understanding that like DK was with those CB and you know the other two it's just kind of like small grapes, but definitely overall I was happy with how we came out and I think the lineup that we chose was the best we had on the day so pretty satisfied overall. Yeah my gripe with the lineup and and the squad was Yuri, and that was just from previously watching the Montreal game and seeing how impressed I was with Yuri in that game and how he kind of ran the team and he was really the the guy in that game too kind of spray the balls around and he took control that Midfield along with her. So I thought they did they did really well together and they complemented each other we Him in the squad at all. Maybe he's injured. I don't know but the men does came in and had an amazing game and we will talk more about that later. But that was my only kind of issue with the squad the rest of it. I could understand I could definitely see moutinho over Miller while I was expecting Miller. I could definitely see Latino Johnson Johnson just makes sense. And again the rest picks itself. Let's kind of do a timeline of the game though. And I want to start in the fourth minute early on tests show gets put through it on goal with a over the top ball. From Pereira which we saw a lot of this game and he gets kind of kicked in the back of the leg. Did you guys think it was a penalty because I actually I'll go first here. I think it was I can see why it wasn't given it was very it could be seen as a soft penalty but it is from behind there is contact with the leg. He does go down. He doesn't get the shot away and the ball kind of goes into the keepers arms. I think it's a penalty do any of you disagree with I kind of do from obviously you could call it and I don't think if it was called. There's a good argument against calling it. I think it's because the way that ref was calling the game if you look at it for 90 minutes clearly. It was a very very loose call. He was letting them play and if you're letting them play you're not going to call that penalty because I think there were a few times on in our box when maybe Mendes. Our are so got a little chippy with a play in our cell player and they went down and the penalty was also not called maybe not quite as egregious, but I don't think it's a hundred percent. You absolutely have to call it every time. Yeah, I tend to agree with out him and I think I'd like to add also that it was very early in the game. It's you often get some instances in in football where a referee will let things go in the first few minutes we have the Of there's the issue of the penalty itself is that it was certainly a penalty. I mean no question for me for the referee to make that decision in a second. I don't think he can you probably can't see the tangling of the load to the the kick VAR should maybe a picked it up. That's another debate all together. I do think also the timing of the foul fourth minute. He probably just like it's a let the game go and just keeps going it doesn't want to maybe Run the game, I guess in his mind or Replenish a team or whatever. I don't know what goes through the referees minds but I in England, we've always had a feeling that you know in the first half of the game kind of like the first bad foul. They like the kind of Let It Go and then after the second one onwards they sort of start punishing them a bit more and and not let the game Flow as much. So yeah, I think Adam got it spot-on to be honest. Yeah, it certainly wasn't like a stone wall penalty, but it is something that might have kind of warranted a look by VAR, but just because it didn't get called. It's not something that I'm particularly outraged about if it did get called it would have been a little bit on the softer side. And if it didn't I don't necessarily think anyone can say, you know that it was a blatant missed call. It just kind of was something that could have gone either way and it didn't go our way and especially being so early into the game. It's you're going to it's Actually, like in the MLS you're going to be hard pressed to find a referee. That's kind of going to make that call. So I'm not too disappointed with it. Obviously, I would have liked to get the call in to have a clear shot on goal but didn't didn't work out that way. Yeah, I see where all of your coming from and and a lot of the the your takes our that it happened to be the timing the 4th minute if that was in the 25th minute and the 35th minute. Maybe it is a call my problem with that is and this is a um I have with soccer in general kind of like what Daniel said, you know, you get that first penalty claim and then and then and then you'll get the second one if it comes around and for me, there is a 90-minute period where the ref has to referee the game correctly and I feel that they have to call the call. They have to call the situation correctly in every single second or the game whether it's 20 seconds in or whether there's five seconds to go I In if you for example today, I'm our Columbus was at home against NYC FC and up near the halfway line maximum maximum Chanel takes down. I think it was Pedro Santos. One of the Columbus players near the halfway line. He's the last Defender and he takes him down but it is it's the first foul of the game. He very easily could have given him a yellow card. He gave him a ride because he was the last Defender and he took him down. He was the wrong goal. So denial of goal scoring opportunity he Very very very easily could have given him a yellow card, but he didn't and I was quite surprised because it was three minutes into the game and I thought he would do kind of again what Daniel said give him that first foul given the yellow card and give him a chance to stay in the game instead. He refereed a correctly gave him the red and moved on. I wish for me. I wish that that would have happened for us, but it wasn't to be moving on to another kind of contentious referee decision. And again, there's not a lot to talk about For the game, there's been a lot of shots here and there but the main talking point seemed to be around the referee and I'm not blaming the referee for us not winning the game or anything, but just in glad you got a yellow card correctly on the 40th minute then in the 55th minute, he gets another yellow card looking foul. So Daniel, I'm going to go to you first. Do you think that it was a second yellow for Justin glad on the challenge, I think. Think that the first foul was bad. I mean, but you see yellow cards. You don't see yellow cards for that. The second one was a straight red card. That's disregarding the first yellow. The second is a straight red its violent conduct. He could easily be recognized like the way he's going in he knew what he was doing and he met contact. I mean that one I care of accounts, um, the referee missing that I mean and VAR, let me - no no VI is not going to pick up everything and Probably can't get involved in those decisions. But I think the violent conduct aspect of that means it's a red card. I don't understand should have been straight road and there's no question to me. I've seen red cards given for that many times. Yeah, just like I definitely disagree. I definitely agree. Excuse me, just in Glad going up with the studs. It's at the very least gonna definitely warrant warrant a second yellow and the sending off and I don't know why it didn't occur. I don't know why that they didn't go for a check at least but it's just it didn't happen and it's a little frustrating because I definitely think that they should have been down to 10 minutes and that last stretch of the game but man, I mean, it's just I'm less refereeing. I don't know. It's it's a frustrating thing and I just I wish And what's a VAR like I said, but there's nothing really that we can do about it. We can talk all day about like frustrating calls in the MLS. I feel like and until something changes, you know, it's just you just kind of have to shake your head and move on with it. I guess again think it's important to note that the game was called very loose and the ref was letting them play a lot. That being said, it's still yellow at the very very least and and a an egregious one at that. I probably would have given a red if I was reffing the game even neutral situation, but I ain't if he's already on a yellow card. You have to give that second yellow. It's even a the easy cop out there because you can say well he already had the yellow. I'm just giving him second yellow. I didn't even try to send them off like you can play that game that Pro referees loves to play of trying to play neutral no matter What really happened on the pitch like oh, we're gonna just try to stay out of the way of the game and really under calling a lot because of it. He could have done that and given him the yellow and have them sent off and say well that's just how the game 1 I do not for the life of me understand how Justin glad just didn't just get sent off the very least. Yeah, and again, I'm not blaming the rough that for why we lost the game. But because you know, I kind of hate blaming like saying it's the refs fault that we didn't win this game because if they go to town don't 10 men, there's no guarantee that we win the game, but it's a big incident and Big deal and it would have helped to say the least to get that red card in but it was not to be moving on. This is there's a there's a substitution 65th minute robinho on and Benji off for me. This is really the only substitution I really want to spend a bunch of time on and that's because I feel like taking Benji off was the wrong move. So for me, I think it should have been Mueller and that is not because I think he had a poor game even though I did think it a board game it was because I didn't see a goal threat on the field after we took Benji off. Maybe he was tired. Maybe he couldn't go on any longer and he asked for the sub and I didn't see it. I don't know but I mean I felt Chris should have been the one removed and bed. You should have stayed on the field just so we still had someone who could put the ball in the back of the net Chase. I wanna go to you first. Did you think that rubbing you are sorry Benji was? The right player to come off or do kind of agree with me that it should have been Chris. Whoa, I don't think Benji was the right player to come off. But I also don't necessarily think that it should have been Chris. I know that kind of moving a player between positions and games might not always have like a beneficial effect, but I would like to see test show come off and robinho play on the left again and just have been G play through the middle because I think that we were finding some spaces like even robinho got in behind the back line and he wasn't able to finish and I think that you know if we have Mauricio Balls and in behind the back line and Benji kind of making those runs into the channels trying to get in behind. I think that he is a player that's going to finish and I don't think Ted show offered a whole lot this game. I would have liked to see just I knew we had Santi come and kind of later but I would have liked to see like a different player. Give it a go up top somebody who can get in behind and someone who could finish and that that is Benji like that's two of his best attributes in my opinion and I think that that substitution was the wrong call just because I don't think that it kind of adapted well to what was going on and I would like to see Benji plate to the middle. I can actually dig that moving Benji to the middle because Benji's greatest strengths are his pace and his nose for goal is finishing and I don't think that he on on the wing was able always pays he was able to use but I don't think he was able to get into his good. Scoring positions as he normally would like to playing a more free role or more direct Striker role. And so I would have liked to see him move more Central and teshuvah come up goes to show just I liked a show. I think he's a good player to have on the squad just just wasn't his day. So I think if you're playing to the feel of the game and you're trying to put yourself in the best position to score a goal, I think you definitely have to take tests show off their At not Benji ironically I think Chris meal were probably played his on the subject of maybe taking him off probably played his best soccer game almost immediately following that substitution. Yeah. I think there's an argument for all of us changes you guys are suggested and the other one that I would have maybe made myself. Is Dungey for me as a striker? I don't think it's right to put him on on the wing and then kind of just expecting to work wonders and then take him out. I mean he needs to be given the the opportunity up front. I think if he gets two chances in that game, you'll score one of them at least. I would have maybe taken Pereira and put him out maybe towards the right because I think that you go it was still effective for the game. But I feel like Salt Lake maybe had a plan to deal with him as the game went on. I want to maybe put him out to the right a little bit where everyone is and then giving them a different type of challenge. I would have put my order in at 10 and moved robinia on to the left and change the Dynamics of that way got a little bit more speed and Galen. What because for me Mueller is hard as he works and as much of a good touch technical ability as I feel is not really a wide player as such is not quick enough for me. He doesn't make the penetrating runs all the time. So if you got Rubino on one side you got / are on the other working in tandem with one and then you've got Michelle upfront and mirroring behind that's just a different set of problems. The opposition could perhaps have had to deal with and it would have in a bit more Dynamic for us, but you know, I think you know there was It was it was okay, but he I think him a Michelle kind of buffer and you know, the interchangeable in terms of Hell how ineffective the work times throughout the rest of the game. There's not that much to really touch on Miller had a close-range shot. That was saved. There are a couple more subs Pitino came on to show came off perea came on interestingly for who on I think he was injured because Miriam did something to him while he was running off the ball and he came on it right back and then Sure, so missed a golden opportunity at the end of the game. So that was really it for the end of the game. I kind of want to go through some of the players though and talk about our thoughts on their performances and I think we kind of have to touch on Mendez first was given player of the game or Heineken start of the match and he had a very very good game. He was our top player and in a lot of categories like a he had the most shots for us. I think he had three with me Laura also having three he had the most attacking third passes. He had 17 in the attacking third and he was a part of the highest pass combinations him and ER so combined for I think 15 or 17 passes something like that. I mean, he was everywhere today making tackles making making good clearances and winning the ball back and ball recoveries and stuff like that. How impressed were you guys with his performance? I want to start with you Adam. And you see why he's the Ecuadorian national team captain. He's good. He's real good. I I hoped against all hope that this preseason the talk of maybe Mendes starting. The season has like a super sub Off. The Bench was just talk because I don't know how you can look at his performance last season say, oh he's he's not going to one be one of the guys that we're going to build her out going forward. And so exactly why he is the foundation of this Midfield going forward in this game. He's so Jeddak, he plays defense like a centre-back. He is he Gita asked in being able to transition from defense to attack. And if you haven't figured it out by now. I'm a huge Christian he tough and and I'm very sad that he's gone would have loved to see him and has played together more but that's in the past of Mendes is his combination play is exceptional. He may be doesn't have the passing range that Pereira and I really do but that can improve time. He's really really young to and to be as young as he is but 2021 something like that to be as young as he is in a national team captain is almost unheard of especially one that's actually good like Ecuador is and I think he's just worse. We are some day going to look back on his time with Orlando city and say we had sebas Mendez, wasn't that Cool. Yeah, I would agree. I think it's of us was clear in a way like the best player in the game and it was like a clear like box-to-box midfielder kind of performance to me because he was like, you said he had the most shots in the game and a couple of them were like quite quality opportunities and it showed like real bite. Yeah good contact on the ball and he's a it looks like something like maybe we can improve and maybe we see him popping up with a couple of goals and there was also times when he was in like our defensive third making tackles in the Box, like, you know, not necessarily goal saving tackles, but you know crucial interventions to prevent quality shots on goal by the opposition and I think that him and Junior are so like I heard a lot of people saying that they might be kind of two similar of players to work well together and there's not enough kind of like like positive passing, I guess going forward and like expansive passing range is between them. But I think that they worked very well together. I think that Junior and sebas works Phenomenally, well Heather, I mean I know I just said that but they combined well and in tight spaces and they were able to move the ball going forward and it was a lot of kind of east to west and we weren't necessarily able to find the end product but that wasn't Sebastian Mendes his fault at all, like on the day. He was a phenomenal player. And yeah, he I just looked it up. He's only 22. He's a player that you know, I know he had offers coming in for millions of dollars this past window and I That's going to be a trend that's going to continue and I think that we have a player who could be playing at like a very high level within two or three years and we kind of have to capitalize on the quality that we have right now. And you know, I was even somebody who kind of considered the thought of just having Junior on and Yuri as well and then letting Mendez come on maybe in the last half-hour to kind of close out games, but just based off this one performance alone, which that's always kind of dangerous to make great estimate estimate. Nations like that he is someone that needs to be starting week in week out. He's somebody who could be crucial to Our Success this season and I'm looking forward to watching him play more especially if we get more performances like this. Yeah. I was very impressed with Mendes. He was my man in the much by a mile to be honest. We talked before podcast about you know, how hard some of the individual skills are, you know head in a ball and going up first touch and such in small spaces and You know, you don't realize how difficult it is to pull off some of those types of abilities unless you've played even at any level yourself and it failed as especially the midfielders in those dirty positions, like, you know, then it's six and the eight positions where you got to do a lot of grafting. I think they're often underappreciated and Mentos is what little water carrier for this team and also is like the, you know, the Bulldog next to him and I feel that's going to be a really good base for all under to it off to me Mendez if he keeps at the rate is going it will be a 15 to 20 million dollar Midfield player. I was mostly impressed with his ability in you know in the constricted areas. I think he kept the ball extremely. Well seem toys find another player with his passes and I saw someone mention about a few turnovers and such but that's always going to happen. I mean, you're not going to get the perfect player. I think he was part of a team. He had a team of a good day. It's behind him and he was able to do his job better in the Midfield and it's an indictment more on Libya Oscars got them set up earlier against how maybe we weren't well setup at last season. So it looks a good fit. It's going to be hard for for Russell to come in ahead of Mendes and probably I saw at this moment in time, but I'd be happy with the to we have I think it's also important to look at as many as game in the scope of how he partnered with Junior. So who we I think we all hope will be his running mate for most if not all of the season and I think we can all see versus quality on and off the ball in a defense and he's just a Quality quality player. I thought he I started watching the game and I was kind of underwhelmed by ourselves performance and then I realized he's Not all the skill there. He was just playing very restrained because prey has system. He doesn't like to send everyone for it once so like if one side is attacking the other side's going to stay back and vice versa. And so when Mendez was having success going forward and keeping the ball and finding those passes and navigating those tight spaces or so was staying back and playing more restraint. I think it speaks volumes about the humility and understanding that that partnership there that is already forming and looks to be a strong bond and that we have two players not just one that can potentially fill that role. We saw men displaying most of the game, but there could be another game on Mendes is sitting deeper as more of a true 6 and then orso's moving forward in that 6-8 even attend rule at times. So I think that is something we can look forward to. Yeah, and I think that those two work really well in A 4-4-2 so they're both able to go up and back and I know today was not a 4-4-2, but pareja likes the 4-4-2 formation, especially in defense and those two those two can just kind of push up and push back and push up and push back and do that role that they need to do in the for for to set up one thing that worried me with urso and it was you know, the first game of the season it wasn't that big of a deal is he had about four or five? Five passes going backwards that just or almost cut out or did get cut out and and that kind of worried me because you know, when you're going backwards, those are the safest passes that you know, you don't want to mess those up because if you do, you know, you're going to put your team Under Pressure there were multiple times where he messed that up and obviously it could be just because it was the first game but I think that might be something to keep an eye on four or so. I think the stat was he completed nine out of 12 of his passes going backwards so that kind of worried me and there was one or two where they got clipped but they still found their initial Target. So hopefully that you know is just something that we see today and not anymore another player I wanted to touch on was who on and we all know this about who on we all know. He's very very very good at getting into promising positions to cross the ball. It is the act of crossing the ball that frustrates me and frustrates a lot of fans because he just cannot find whoever he's trying to find he cannot find the Target and you know, those are a lot of chances that go begging for us. Daniel I'm going to go to you first on The Who on question what happens if he continues to struggle like do we keep him in the side even get because he can potentially create those chances or do we kind of lean towards Muti? No side more and ask him to bomb up and down the field and kind of leave who on sit in back. First of all, my answer to the one side of it is Kyle Smith, so Kyle Smith or one can't carry enough you again. I've nothing against Kyle Smith. He is a classic squad player a Defender who can do, you know defensive jobs fairly well, but he's not, you know, it's not the right back that would it would not come in and adequately replace the one and the reason I say that is because I still feel material. Whereas is the decent player. I feel like if he was the one has to bomb forward I think would get exposed on that side. I am not a secret. I don't write material as a left back I think is a good player but he's not a left back for me. They just don't I just don't think is the is the type of player that you can build a stall the an attacking part of the game around as well. As you know, your entire Left Flank been dependent on him and it because not because he cut across the ball not because he can't get far he can do all those things extremely. Well, it's just that when it has to get back at him us Coroner's and it will be I Think It's Tricky so I mean the answer to this with everyone is that the coach is doing it to work with him. They need to be to help him that he needs to pull them aside after trading sometimes and maybe help him on his technique, you know, maybe show him got to look up a little bit. You don't have to whack the ball in at 60 miles an hour over everybody's head. You just got to get it into an area and try and get it to be more dangerous. One thing. I did not from the team yesterday and it wasn't just from Hawaiian, but it was kind of from everybody's at some of her passing was just too cute. Sometimes and I feel like this is an obsession when it comes to passing Crossing kind of kicks that you've got to sell in and it's got a hit someone right in the head It's gotta go straight in the Golan. Sometimes you just got to put it in an area. You've got to put in an area Mac The Defenders work make them turn around and then your Strikers get another, you know higher percentage to get on the end of those crosses and I feel that's where A1 is lacking is that you maybe look so happy. Maybe just looks at the player tries to get out the play Maybe. Look for an area go for the near post got for the far post. Look at the penalty spot and work on that and I think then you can you can maybe get a better production out of him. I think as a Defender I think is is solid he gets up and down the right very well, but announcer don't think his place in the team will be We'll be in dangerous such but you are awesomely getting you know, you know, you know the attack inside of it if it doesn't improve. Yeah, I don't I think that if we lose who want what I do agree that like his final wall is not always there. I think that if we lose one, we lose a lot of like kind of progression going forward because a lot of times when we're able to get into the final third it comes from you know him making him getting hit with like a through ball on the right side and making a run down the wing or him. Just kind of progressed in the ball through a dribble and I think he's kind of one of our more important creative players going forward even as like a right back. Because I think a lot of times, you know, he doesn't necessarily hit that ball correctly, but he does well getting in those positions he can get the ball to the end line multiple times game and you know, he's not necessarily the youngest player in the world. So I can't just kind of sit back and say like it'll probably come one day but I think that him getting in that position and him consistently just kind of like Daniel said just trying to find spaces and trying to put the ball in dangerous areas is just kind of what he needs to learn to do, but I think that if we take Take him out. Kyle Smith isn't gonna you know Advance the ball to those n lines like like who undoes he isn't going to kind of move the ball up field. And I don't think that Chris Mueller is either and who on is a player that we really need from an attacking perspective. And I think that we lose him. We lose a lot of our kind of teeth going forward. I think you also saw in this game players that we know do have good technical on a good especially crossing ability to clean between you and Chris meal. We're putting in crosses from the other side too and they couldn't find anyone either because no one was in the middle and positions to be dangerous on car crosses. Benji wasn't getting in the position to usually does because he was playing from the wing which he's not used to especially in a more structured formation like pareja because I know Connor system last When we saw Benji scored a few goals of the end of the year, it was basically like on offense just go forward and get a position and score and we're Mauricio prayer famously told Benji just run. I'll find you and that's what Benji's good at it. He's very young and he will get better technically, but he's not there right now, especially with understanding where he needs to be on the pitch to score those goals, especially from a wing position. And so you basically your spring Crosses and so much of our offense was if it wasn't Mauricio or Mendes trying to work a little combo play up the middle. It was spraying in crosses from wide areas. And well one is not the best Crosser I did notice and maybe it was just gut intuition or me. Hoping that this is the case, but I actually marked to one of my friends during the game like this one look like he's slowing down a little bit to try to take his time with the cross. I don't know I think last We saw him if you would get to that advanced position the final third on the right flank his one move would be that little stutter step and then hit the hit the gas and go up and then try to get the cross in or cut inside. And in this first game. I think I saw him try different moves, which is a good first step. And obviously Kyle Smith is also the answer to that question. By the way, you're not playing house about that one. I think we have to understand that this is MLS and we're not going to get perfect players at any position and if we do get these world-class players, they're they're super young and they're going to leave or they're old and they're going to retire and so we have a guy who's in the prime of his career and he has some very very good attributes and he can be a very good player and if his crosses aren't going to be good all the time. That's something you have to live with with a guy that can still be an asset for your team. Yeah, I think I just wanted the question incorrectly. I when I said, you know, what do we replace who on I kind of meant moutinho going forward who on staying back instead of really are right side being our most dangerous side going forward in terms of the wing backs. So I just meant keep who won on the field obviously because he does provide that but I was saying more lean towards moteino Daniel made a good point booty know going forward exposes our Left side a lot more than who on going forward. We saw plenty of times where even later on in the game Who on lost the ball that one time and sprinted all the way back and slide tackle the ball out for a corner. I think it was on Justin mirim. So that's a good point Daniel just stick to who on it is an asset. Like Adam said to have him at least be able to get into those areas and maybe it happens. Maybe it doesn't I think that we've one is it you can still use his speed as an asset. I mean when you come to overload overload in the planks, you know, like if we can get somebody in front of him on the right way there can cross the ball. They can the can open those defenses and that's maybe where we gotta look in the transfer market. You know the do this that leads to what we have held a cost. It was an absolute Speed. Demon is on our right wing you get three goals and three assists the season and people will look at that and think well is 15 million pounds is not done. Anything is partner. Luke are lean it right back who's got more goals and more assists than him and it's because the two of them work in tandem cost a text to players away when he runs early and gets in that space. So does the creative midfielder who's behind him in? And oh, they could set up a very similar way if you have the players organized in such a way where but one makes that run forward and occupies the left midfielder the left back and then you get the plane in front of him to come to drop into space and find the gaps that are left. Then you could get the benefit of a wind speed and runs down at those wings without necessarily needing one to be crossing the bowl. And then if you've got Pereira kind of in the whole occupying that second Channel, then you've got two players there that may be more effective working in tandem with one. There's different ways to set it up. I mean Oscars the coach not as and I'm sure we'll figure a way out to do it. It's but there are throws always ways you can use these assets. It's just we will be a little bit one-dimensional if we're going to constantly real realize one to be the winner the winner I should say and you know, it's clearly not got the end product for it. All right. Now my final kind of question around looking around the squad is is about Mueller. But before that I want to talk about Carla said Jansen just really quickly. They were amazing. I thought the two of them were amazing. There's not much to be said on them. Both of them complemented each other very very well. And and you know, Jansen was strong in the taco. Carlos was very good in the air. I just was very impressed with both both of them now going to Mueller Adam, you said earlier that you thought Mueller had his best kind of play in the game after robinho came on for me. That's where I think I thought anyways, from what I remember from the game. He struggled and that's because there were one two or three moments where he would get in a good position and then just not make the right choice. So why did you think that that's where he played his best part of the game because I don't think Chris Miller is a starter and That sounds a little cryptic. We're going to explain. You're in the first sixty five minutes of game played his position according to his coaching instructions and he did fine because he's Chris Miller. He's always going to put in that level of effort that he's never going to really do worse than fine. He's going to defend and he's going to work hard and he'll be fine. You know, he's got technical ability, but where Chris spealler shines and my opinion is when you need someone to come in and you need someone to do something and you're going to From the freedom to do it and after 65 about and prickly after being new came on. It was understood like okay, we're looking for a goal and he kind of took the training wheels off a little bit and even if when he's not restrained by his understanding of position so much, you know, he still was coming on the left, but you saw him drift into mid field on the right a little bit to her Central and to the right. I think when he's not restrained he's playing with a little bit more freedom and and Passion and Desperation, even then he's willing to try things like actually had a perfect view of his almost goal and I don't think the TV shots. Did it justice. Eight inches lower. It's a goal a so like we're saying how great of a game to Chris Miller have it was like I thought it was carving beautifully such a well struck ball and he's willing to take those chances and try something and sometimes it'll be wrong and sometimes it won't work but he was energetic and he was I think the only one on the field left with the energy to try and make something happen. So even if he wasn't as good They are structurally as he was in the beginning in the middle parts of the game. He was by comparison our most effective player on the field after the there would be no sub other than Mauricio Herrera and at times Mendez going forward, but I think Mendez was gassed by that time because the Press / I had going on was insane. It was a full press for try to keep it up for 90 minutes. I don't know how long we're gonna be able to keep that up. But I think most of the squab was gassed and Mueller just Found that energy to keep going and that's where he shines the brightest. So that's I would use them as a super said I wouldn't start him and I think with nany coming back. I think that's exactly what's gonna happen. All right any other thoughts or any quick thoughts from you too? Yeah. Just think you have exactly right. I think the Chris Miller is a player who comes on and injects a lot of energy into the game and I think that his ability to press is something that might be a little bit underrated and the chance that he missed I think Some people are treating it like it was kind of like an open goal that he miss and I think that that's a little bit unfair so many things act like math was and like a decent position and you know, Chris Miller just just missed and I think right now he might be a starter just because the Winger's that we have. I don't know if my said there would be no adds a lot more and I think that if we play Benji on the wing consistently that's kind of like a misuse of him as a player but eventually when we develop more of or get more quality players going forward, he's someone that's going to Really valuable Off the Bench and and like I said, his pressing ability is something that late in games is going to come in handy a lot. Yeah with me earlier. I fail the Miss did not look good on TV. I mean your instinct is you should have Scott it I think a lot of people correlate it with fee for a bit too much. I don't think they realize how our how much time you have on the ball versus how much you don't compare to real life and such. He gets himself into positions because he makes things happen and that's why I was advocating him to play just behind the striker in some games maybe instead of on the way because I think he creates Different type of problem in in never stops running he's got fantastic ability. I feel the technical point of view. I also feel the he was under coached last season. I think you did it development definitely started last year under James O'Connor. So it's going to take him some time with óscar pereiro to get it up to speed and and to become a player that will fit for as bad. I wouldn't be adverse to him becoming a more of a substitute in the next sort of couple months. But I mean the players 24 years old, I think now so I don't believe he he wants to do that. So it's kind of maybe a crunch season for him is suited for the press for sure and I do I think he's got the ability to thrive but it needs to be used to find his best position when it's left wing right wing. Number 10 Striker for me is probably a striker or a second Striker burst. All right. Well that is going to do it for part 1 We will be back very quickly in part 2 we're going to answer some fan questions and then we'll be done with the show. So stick around part 2 coming up next. And we're back part 2 we're going to answer all the fan questions that we got and let's start right away with Jeremy Walker at Jeremy W to nine eight seven six nine five zero the question that keeps going through my head is even once 90 and Dom come back. Will it still be enough to beat the upper echelon of each conference if the answer is no should we really wait until the summer to sign someone and I had a very similar question on Instagram. Delay on with an extra n at the end says how would the game have changed if nany and Dwyer were available Daniel? I know you like to this question a lot. So I'm going to go to you first. What do you are? What is your answer? Basically as far as the game goes itself not a would have made a huge difference. I think it would have it would have found the goal. I think it would have created it. I would discard it without a doubt because we like to die Cutting Edge in the final third. I don't think Dwyers the Answer, I don't think I would have done anything differently yesterday that I Strikers didn't already do unfortunately and that's not a dig on Dwyer. That's just that's just based off his farm. He's from my season kind of didn't confirm that whether those two guys would be enough for us if they'll buff in the squad. My answer is no I still think we need more the fact that we debated now for the last four podcast server Michelle on the wing the other on the way. I can Deli on the wing I any of those guys up front just tells me that we all know support as we Don't have a bona fide Striker right now that you can put in the team and rely on and we also probably lack a Winger. We like to we notice that you can count on for the season in an Ideal World. You have 90 plane and you have Dwyer involved. You have a bona fide striker in the and you have another winner on the bench that you can bring in and change it around and we don't have the depth we have numbers. We have a lots of players, you know, but of the backup Because so to speak when you look at Michelle Mueller DK and Pitino, there is only really Michelle that you feel could come in and make an impact and we need we need to we need to attack as a striker and a Winger that's that's no secret. Even with Nanny and way you need those two and MLS rolls kind of make that complicated with the salary cap and everything, but the reality is that's what we need in my opinion. I doubt yeah, I definitely think you know, I talked very highly of Benji. But even he is just someone who is never like we don't have like starting strike like we can bleed Benji in and if we're just kind of expecting him to play a big chunk of minutes and act as our starting Striker and ask him to get 15 goals or whatever that may be in a year. I think that is a testament to how kind of pull we are going forward at the moment like yesterday in the game against our so I was kind of sat there thinking like Mueller Benji and tests show are all just there like superdraft guys and in MLS, we're a team that has like aspirations of you know, obviously with a sickly it wouldn't be this season, but we really want to try to challenge for silverware and that's not realistic if we're relying on superdraft players, even if I really Do right Benji highly and I think that he can be a quality player in the coming years right now and this time being if we get Dwyer back in the fold or Nani in the fold, like David said, it's just it's not enough and we really have to bring players in whether that's you know, right now who knows or whether it's in the summer and where it might be a little bit easier to bring in better players. A lot of people would be at the end of their contracts and stuff like that is just to be seen but As our Squad is right now even if we're at full strength, we aren't able to compete with the LA FCS. We're not able to compete with you know, Atlanta even despite the fact that they've lost their keys man. Just the top player the top teams in these conferences are still very clear Step Up step above our full strength 11 at the moment. And I think that's just kind of the unfortunate truth of the matter. Yeah, they kind of head on it. I think at some point I don't think it's ready yet. I think you need some ends with OCB. I'd like to see what they'll do you get could do just I think Benji is probably the answer at Striker from on the roster and I think he could with Nonie and Mauricio feeding him. like on a silver platter assists could score 1015 the season maybe more than that and maybe but I think at this point, I don't think Santi is it I think he definitely needs time with her CP develop. We really haven't seen DK play a whole lot. You just kind of throw stuff at the wall and see what sticks I don't think Dwyer makes a difference in the game like to show got into some okay positions and then missed headers Dwyer can do the same thing. You know, that's what he's doing right now. That's his form. Obviously not he makes a huge difference. I think I tweeted stirring the game while I was at the game with my like half time and full time observation observations that we need naughty because he's really good and if you need a goal he can make that happen kind of more often than not and so yeah if not any plays I think we wouldn't want to know so I think there's answered that we've been trying to bring in a Winger and a striker obviously we tried with harmonica know we tried with for no come on sometimes and all of our friends listen to Ricardo barreiro talk on Orlando Lions Den that interview he said that sometimes they go after player and it just doesn't happen and then they move that down to next guy and their list I have a list of like five guys that if we don't get this guy then we have a list of four behind him that we'd also be happy with filling his slot for the money and the quality player and so we've seen Very real Pursuits of quality players, I think would be kind of that missing piece in in our front fleet-- 3 in Cano and come on if we could have gotten them and we do have that open DP slot to get one with it's just they haven't gotten the deal done. And obviously we're on a budget and we're going to need to get the deal done. We can't just say, okay, we'll give you the extra 3 million because we don't have it. That's the reality of our situation. Yeah to answer the questions first. one for Patrick Yeah, Nani was a big mess Dom you could say it was a big mess to one of my problems would test show this game kind of why I didn't want to talk about him in the first half the episodes because I was going to talk about him a lot in the second half of the episode and I was not happy with teches performance. I thought he was good in Hold Up play and passing and being able to link which is the stuff that we all know he's good at but then he gets in the box and he is very static. He just doesn't move a lot. I think Dom's Movement could have helped us a bit in this game, you know being in those areas like Daniel alluded to earlier for who want to cross two part of the problem with who I needing to cross two areas is he needs people moving to be able to put it in those areas and tests show for me wasn't moving that much inside the box. And so I think Dom could have helped us in that vein. Nani is Nani. Not much else to be said about that. He's just we would have Gotten a goal if he was on the field is basically what I want to chart what I'm trying to say now in terms of Jeremy's question. Let me find it here. No, they're not enough not he's amazing Nani. Good point out brought up by Chase last episode not he's going to be trying to get into the Euros with Portugal. He's still not enough in MLS you need for solid attackers to have a quality offense because if two of those attackers are having a bad day, they are still have the history of being you know good that they're still going to drop bodies that leaves two more. to be dangerous we don't really have that right now Nani is our threat Poirot will draw bodies and that's all we have people do not respect tests show or Mueller or Benji enough to not only put one or two bodies on them at the max in certain situations so for me it is imperative that we bring in somebody else and it's imperative that we do that before we get to the summer months we have a very light schedule for the first six of the for the first six games of the season For me, I want us to win as many of those games as possible and not having an attacker through those six games will cause us to drop points like for what feels like we've already dropped two points today or yesterday. It feels like we dropped two points if we have Nani, I think we win the game now my next question for all of you comes from Charlotte. Let me find it here. She says Who do you think we should have as our Striker or Strikers going forward are we really waiting on the return of Dwyer to make that difference or we Michelle like and led K or Pitino find that form in front of goal. I think that answering your question. It's if anyone's going to find that form like I say it's going to be Benji Michelle, but I think that more realistically we're just going to be looking to bring somebody in the summer. I think that DK is a player in his pre-season friendly. He wasn't Overly, I mean he looked promising. He wasn't overly impressive. He doesn't look like the type of player that is going to come in and score 15 goals in his in his rookie season and be Rookie of the Year. No matter how talented he is. He's just too raw and I think that's just kind of the fact about him and and put seen yo, you know, like Adam said I thought he said that they need time to OCB and if that's the case, I think that that's a better environment for them. I wouldn't even necessarily be against them kind of going to play with like a USL side on loan or something like that for an entire year just to kind of of play at a higher quality of competition, but um It's it's something that even like in my mind like if we're not going to play Benji if we're just going to keep playing him on the wing which went on he comes in. Maybe he kind of occupies that wind spot even though he's gonna be given a free Roll by the looks of things and just kind of use his soccer football IQ to find Space. I've even thought about trying to play like nany up top just for the time being because I think that he's a player that can you know, if he's in front of goal. He's going to absolutely take his chances and I think that he's gonna be able to It on the end of a lot of crosses. I know that who won a couple of cases hooked up with him. Well and a lot like I think maybe two of the system may be more this is just kind of numbers out of my head. I can't remember for sure. But his assist were ones that found Nanny, you know, whether it be at the back post to the near post. He was just in space in those areas where the ball is going to come he's able to finish and he was our top goal scorer for a reason and I think Austin is going to find the best way to get the most out of all of our players and maybe forcing 92 kind of play is like a striker or a false Niner and dropping a little bit deeper that might not be using the best visibility that might kind of cut his creative abilities short, but it's something that I would certainly keep in mind, you know, if we're not going to try Benji. I don't think the downed wire is even close to good enough. I don't think Test shows even close to good enough. I think that Mauricio prayer is going to provide some fantastic creative ability in the Midfield. So it's something in my mind. I'm just kind of thinking like why not give it a shot. I certainly think you know, he might he's never really play striking his career, but he's a player who has the ability to do so and we need goals and he's somebody who certainly can provide that so it's just kind of something to keep in mind. I don't necessarily know if it's something that we're going to see but it was something it's something that I would like for us to try out, you know, maybe against sort of like a Colorado like Like Nick, he's not playing its Colorado is a two-game suspension. But you know just against a weaker opposition in the future and trying it and see how it goes. And if it doesn't we can just kind of drop him back. But yeah, like I said, we need goals and nany is someone who especially in the MLS is capable of providing those. Yeah for me. It's Michelle is the player up front right now. I don't see I don't see a viable candidate really not there's not no stand out. Just like I said, I like the there have been nine years sort of a false 9 sort of deplane forward type of player that could be something that would work but you know you still needs the support and crew to be able to get in positions to help him as well so yeah for me it boo Michelle is that would answer Charlotte's question Benji is my number one pick right now so Charlotte has another question Charlotte has a lot of questions actually thoughts on our new signings performances on Saturday now that show love for a lot of questions yeah I think I mentioned Earth earlier that I thought or so was a bit underwhelming but I think that not in that he's not good but he just had a more restrained role I was kind of looking forward to seeing like him also almost in the role that Mendez was playing and going forward and being that fiery energetic shoulder that we've expected him to be and seen in preseason I fully expect him to eventually showcase that on Plenty of occasions this year Carlos that's a big boy he's a really big dude I think I was counting I think and someone who has the stats up and correct me if I'm wrong on set-piece defense I think he had add more clearances in the rest of the team combined he's a monster they are and particularly set-piece defense and just giving up stupid goals has been our Kryptonite in the past and Jansen with like he's returned to form after he slipped up at a bed at the end of last season he was a brick wall so if we can have Carlos and Jansen form that signed by pairing and be solid that's what we've all been waiting for and then I'll count prayer is a kind of new sign in because we only saw seven appearances last season and O'Connor didn't really let him play what he wanted to play for era is my new favorite player he's a dog I love shout out to Julia Poe who keeps the counter of times Mauricio pereyra Square sub someone bigger than him because that's exactly what he does he's got this insane vision and look at his krasnodar highlights where he played mostly right MIT he from the right mid spot Basically direct the entire offense with long-range passing and he his vision to pick out a ground pass through like four Defenders. Just just insane and he's got those beautiful lofted balls that if Ben's you were playing Striker, I think would have been goals. But you know, I digress he's got those beautiful lofted balls in the vision to and he's going to do all the fancy offensive stuff and he's he made that run at the end of the game where he kind of looked like a little bit of messy there. And he's gonna do all this stuff offense if we want him to do but also if you watch him on defense, he's not afraid of a single player on the pitch. I saw him going and pressing all the way up into the striker press position and dropping all the way back to like a six or an eight position to play defense. He is as complete of a midfielder as you're going to find in this league and I love him. I would definitely agree. I think Mauricio is one of those players that we see in the MLS where he's definitely Just A Cut Above a lot of other guys in the league and you know Antonio Carlos was a rocket the back with Jansen. I think that you know for the time being that that's going to be the center-back pairing going forward and then you know Pedro I think that you know Pedro and like all of the other guys on the team were kind of see more what they're about when they face some, you know competition going forward that can kind of says more you know press our back line more hi Pedro had maybe like one or two opportunities to make a save and you know he didn't make a mistake at all on the night you know even in distribution it was quality and I think that we're all aware of how decent you know jr. oh so Pedregal a say Antonio Carlos I mean they're obviously more than decent players and we're going to get more of a taste of that when we do have to come up against like the Atlantis when we do have to come up against you know like it New York Red Bulls are or whomever some quality competition that have quality players going forward and decent players in the Midfield that's going to challenge us more because we had the ball I know it was like 50 50 percent possession but we had the ball in more kind of positive areas and you could see that we were kind of able to impose our will and all of our signings I think we're fairly impressive I would agree that maybe Junior are so is a little bit underwhelming but you know he did connect with Mendez well a couple times but he also To give the ball away a little bit too much and some dangerous areas, but he's in a completely new Midfield and that's something that will just probably come as they play with each other more as they're in training more and I think Mauricio pereyra, I know I touched on him before he and nany if they're able to get on the same page. They're going to be able to create some very special moments of attacking play kind of Interest intricate quick passing and if they're able to read each other, well, they'll be able to just be boys amongst. Men amongst boys, excuse me, and I'm looking forward to how our new guys are gonna kind of be able to adapt together going forward. Yeah. I think I think you've all covered. You know, most of the best is that, you know, it was first game of the season. So there was probably some some debut nerves I'd say probably from her, so possibly, you know, maybe he'll learn to express himself a little more. I don't think he had a particularly bad game over, but we know he can he can certainly affect you. Things a bit more going forward he played well and Carlos at the back looks solid very well focused same with Pedro, they weren't really challenged. So I agree with would chase that will know more as the season goes just how good the signage will be but the initial impression is our spine looked a lot more stronger for me and that's a good start. It's always a good start. Yeah first so was very solid throughout the game those one. There's this sorry four or five moments that I have the prom with him that I touched on earlier. We're first half first half only nothing in the second half second half he came out and was absolutely not perfect. But solid on the ball did his job played his role. Well didn't have any problems with him. So nerves could definitely be a part of it and I just think preseason for seat. First game of the Are you know that can all kind of be an answer to my ER so, you know dilemma I guess now Charlotte asks thoughts on the formation. For mission was fine for me plus no is a different a different issue. I mean, you know, whatever formation we play we could give our Tuk a wallet full of hundreds in this still won't be able to score in a brothel. So it has you know, it's it's it's like you can the formation was fine. It got the best. I fell out of the Midfield free. defense look solid in transition, they'll get better but a lot of it does depend on that on that final third and when you get a little more movement up front and you get the craft of Nanny back in the then I think you'll see the transition in the it was it was a 4-2-3-1, you know for two and all these other shapes that we change but you'll see the fluidity come back once you get those players into that system and looks and not a lot you can do when you know in the final third you saw in I don't think that's the formation I feel it's just the personal that pledge do either of you guys have anything else to say about the formation yeah the so the I like how we've treated our 4-2-3-1 intern for a 4-4-2 at turn now I don't land of City social media team but the 4-4-2 that's I like that we had a really solid defensive shape and we are able to keep those clean lines and even through the Press if you saw like if if Johnson came up to make a tackle you saw Or so or Mentos drop into his place and cover for him and there's a very clear definition of we're supposed to play on defense. I'm feel like it should be clarified that on offense. The formation is not a 4-4-2 who on was pushing up very high on the right side to create a 3-5-2 which is why you never really saw machine you got into position put some crosses and but he never really made any runs past the 18 yard line. Really? You never even got up there that much has crosses but from pretty far out. And so it was basically a three-man back line with material playing Left Center back and or so staying pretty deep in attack to give some coverage. So when if and when we turn the ball over we could get back in that 4-4-2 real quick, but it was much more of a 3-5-2 in offense. And what I noticed was with the Wingers and the full-backs with a Mueller and routine you on the and Benjamin one on the right there were times and I noticed Pereira getting frustrated with that this actually he was kind of barking at some of the players Pereira not pareja the coach prayer the player I noticed that the the Winger's of the full-backs would sometimes get caught up in the same spot and kind of just stand there not know who was supposed to be there and it looked like a team that if they were playing their first official game under new coach and they haven't gotten quite the offensive formation and plan and rotations down yet and I think that'll pretty easily get fixed through just as the players and the squad get more comfortable alright last question from Charlotte here any thoughts on why Rosell was left out of the 18 this one's not really that big of a deal so any quick thoughts on that not only know for sure I know Joey dessert was on the bench and they're kind of position at least similar so I don't know if you just kind of wanted to give you younger guy a chance maybe he picked up a knock in training but it is a bit of a head-scratcher But ultimately it's just it probably just came down to manage his choice and I think that we'll see him back in the eighteen probably in the near future not if I think it's nice to be taught to call I can't see any reason why he would be not in the 11th or start I mean Mendez and also add clear game plan yesterday with the to attack-minded fullbacks so that would explain her cell probably not starting that's from not being in the on the bench that's very weird Okay imagine being reassigned and falling down the pecking order behind you know about be under a draft do so I don't know those strange the club doesn't really tell you much on these things so I guess we'll have to assume maybe just picked up a knock yeah that's not much really to say on the matter and then now the next question as we come to the end of the questions is from Tri-City Lions oh uh I forgot I forgot Charlotte's is at Curry Hazard forgot to mention that at Tri City lines though asks are we looking at summer transfer window now if so is it time to refresh the David silver rumors otherwise could we look to see real which is potentially shutting down or the Chinese leak which is shutting down Adam what do you think I think you're always looking to add Talent like I referenced Ricardo's interview earlier I think that we are I think we're still definitely looking to bring someone in but we're kind of running out of time in this window so it might get pushed the summer window the unfortunate did but anyone that we sign now isn't even going to be integrated in the squad for at least a month so you know the timelines kind of passed a little bit and they're certainly not going to get the training camp in the three days and the the bonding with the team so I think someone know at this point probably and as far as the source of the player really anywhere you can get a good player for the price yeah like you said May 5th is when the window closes and we haven't really heard that you know Ricardo is in some foreign country trying to finalize a deal with the club like we did with the phone I'll come on on and I believe you was in Romania trying to get the deal finalized so I think that kind of this window is a little close and shut and we'll be looking more towards the summer that window the secondary transfer window opens up July 7th and I think that that's we will hear rumors probably just even throughout kind of the not the offseason but the season weather isn't like a transfer window open but we're just probably just going to reassess and you know we know that it's an attacking player that we need but you will be able to find a you know maybe someone will come in and like show that they can play Striker and maybe we'll just kind of look for like a better Winger or something like that but I don't think that the I don't know if David Silva if he's been linked to us I just haven't heard of it and I don't think that we're going to be able to pay wages for a player like that to be completely honest and I think that we're going to try to go a lot younger I think that that fits more in line with kind of Oscar Perales philosophy and it's interesting that I think the Italian of the Chinese Elite thing was kind of like a joke but I know a lot of Chinese players or players playing in the Chinese league with you know new wage caps being put on their kind of looking out looking for a way out and if players like are not Savage and Hulk up there who can provide goals which is something that we need so it's it's a place that we might look but overall you know I just think we're going to have to wait a couple months to bring in another player and we'll just kind of have to live with what we have at the moment yeah my check on that is the summer window is where you're going to get the better value for money I don't see many teams letting letting players go not when they're you know many are going to be bidding for promotion are fighting relegation and their respective divisions so to pick up a player now you can end up paying your kind of well over what Somebody's Worth and then you still have the issue of integration coming to get the work permit and all of the other type of things that come into signing a player with MLS so I would personally wait for the summer window will get more value for money and they'll be more players looking to leave especially as clubs in the Premier League and such would only get to name 25 players to their roster for the season you'll start seeing players become available so we've all respect is probably going to be July and August before we get that extra player and all under can really just hope to be in the mix for for the playoff spot at that time so that's how you can come in and make a difference and who knows maybe as a great point they know about the teams fighting for positioning at the end of their Seasons because MLS schedule is very weird compared to most of the rest of the stock or World maybe we could still be looking at a guy like for and I'll come on we weren't rolling 2pi players price to get them right now but maybe in the summer window knock five million off we can do it yeah I think I have to agree with all of that now the last question well actually one thing real quick David Valentin but we need a striker now but I think we've covered that well enough I would tend to agree that we need a striker soon but maybe summer transfer window is the better option as we just talked about now final question comes from Instagram Owen bracket to tease on at the end there he says how do you think the team looked to offensively I think the team looked amazing defensively I mean obviously we got the clean sheet so we were good enough defensively but I don't you know sometimes you get a clean sheet and you don't deserve a clean sheet RSL did not look threatening at all they had five shots three of them were blocked that they did not threaten it all from set pieces we had that covered like Adam was talking about with Antonio Carlos and Jansen and even draw moutinho seem to be doing good in the air I mean we just we look solid we looked like we were structured and defensively rsr offensive ly R SL had no threat for us whether it was you know Ruth snack or cry lack who isn't really a striker he's kind of like a false-9 Centre mid type of player there Wingers didn't threaten us I mean they're they're only shot on target that forced to save was from I believe Herrera who is there right back who is very good right back but is outside the box went straight at Calais say it was a pretty standard safe for him so overall I was I thought we looked amazing defensively Chase where did you think yeah defensively I was very impressed and not just talking in terms of the backline I think in All Phases of our defensive play like like the Press like I mentioned earlier we were you know giving them how we were able to lose the ball and you know immediately get possession and they never really had time to breathe we were always kind of the protagonist we were always pressing the issue we were always doing what we could to get back in possession of the ball and even when we were kind of being pressed in our final third you know our center backs were you know nothing but sure nothing but tidy I think our fullbacks did all right and I think that said boss Mendez like I said he had a couple good moments of kind of breaking up play and gaining possession of the ball so I think that defensively we have like a very kind of clear identity at the moment we are never going to let opposition teams breathe unless we were being completely outclassed which I hope doesn't happen too much and in all aspects I was impressed of how look defensively we are a team that you know like I kind of predicted it was I predicted the one no Victory obviously didn't happen but I think that we could see you know a lot of clean sheets I think that we could be near the top of the league in that aspect and conceding goals isn't isn't really an issue for me and I'm happy that I can say that we're so good defensively that we're talking about the new signings I completely forgot about paedo guys that's all I have to say about that for sure he really have much to do in the day and that's if you say that about your goalkeeper that's always a positive nothing and he's a really good goalkeeper so that's even better yackin Echo all of that I don't think there's much much more to be said that hasn't been stated already other than that the team looked switched on from minute one which over the last couple Seasons it's been our Achilles heel we've always considered two goals in the first set of 10 to 15 20 minutes or so that didn't look like happening at all and maybe because our cell didn't push forward but you know but we've often given goals a headstone and we didn't do it so that's already a positive in my book as you mentioned with the press and the fluidity sort of between the lines and defensively I I think we're looks good we just keep working on that and at The Cutting Edge you know then the defense will get it through odds with some with some wins I think well I already looking better this season and Bone any catastrophes we should be much improved in the defense called alright well that will just about do it for us chase thank you thank you Daniel thank you thank you and Adam thank you thanks for having me on we will talk to you guys after the what's our next game Colorado Colorado will talk to you after the Colorado game till next time guys