Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fide.com.Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you. You can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a feature ofShow I just want to say man. We got those heads done quicker right race. Did we jump out the gate in and out? I don't want to forget that's really what it comes down to we got in your old age as we covered last week. Yeah. No, I'm just got the show coming up next. Well, I can't say next Thursday because that doesn't make any sense because you're listening at this on Wednesday. So Thursday, it's March 5th at a 2-1 to Arts Gallery. It's 523 East 12th Street, the It is from 6 p.m. To 9:30 p.m. I have pretty much all new work for the show. Probably like 85 to 90% Newark. That's you know, I mean, that's really the main thing. It's shows titled. It's not over yet. Basically kind of just playing off the idea of just doing as much as you can while you can you know your times not over so just get it done and it looks like you have a wide variety of pieces. So I'm assuming there's a, you know, like a nice price band for folks like a different. Was a collector's some, you know price for the more common man, and then all the way up. I'm assuming nope. Everything's one set price at 1 million almost 1 million dollars a piece doesn't matter if it's a 6 by 6 or a 24 by 24 and I was some prints at the show. Those usually do pretty good the past best think three shows I've done with them too and to the prince usually sell out just try not to try not to give anybody any excuse to say I can't support you Chris their stuff for everyone. That's what we're trying to do here. Exactly. I have tote bags printed by SD print. I'll have prints smaller canvases for like 6 by 6 4 by 12 and then you know larger pieces going up. If you see me, you know, please come up say hi to you know, talk to me. It's always nice to talk to people people that listen to what we're doing. Yea, like I said, like like I was saying that that you know, that that event that was at a couple of weeks ago, you know, when the person you know, so my sweatshirt I was just like kind of thrown off. I was like, huh? Oh, Yeah, people were messaging us not too long ago and I'm reading the messages and it's like you can tell people are like actively listening right like they're getting in on the jokes. They're like jumping in on Cory's ICP or or Chris being old. So it's like talking to you. Stop making fun of me. It's not nice. We gotta start picking on Travis. Yeah. Yeah exactly. What we did is not going to make fun of Travis for well. No, the other thing is if you make fun of me, I can just like edit it out. But yeah, that's true or I can just you know, stop the recordings. Or you could piece together us saying really bad things now that you guys got me a little bit last week with my poor pronunciation of words that aren't available in Ohio. If you're poor what but night Finance institution nothing like saying the word pronunciation wrong. Maybe it's because I didn't uncie a you're thinking about it too much Cory. What have you been up to anything exciting Massey came out looks like it's been going. Well anything else super? Well, we have a few left still stuff. Anybody wants one there still. Strange cat toys.com. There's going to be a few at toy con that we're sending over and then Mom bod is going to have some at tte. But other than that getting ready for this misappropriated icon three show, which is our bootleg cause show that still waiting on Chris the sent his and that I've gotten quite a few and they all look amazing. Is this a podcaster business meeting? He's that's what I'm doing and work from home. Now. This is what I do. This is his life Travis you Guys are no my only my only social interaction. He lives this he hits it sleeps it. That's it. It's just like wearing the urban robot cat t-shirt 24 hours a day 7 days a week now every day. I just talked to my two year olds. I talked to my wife and I talked to you guys and that's pretty much it. I feel so bad for your wife. She comes home and he's just like, hey little bit Yeah run around like a little puppy. She's guy come calm down boy. It's okay. It's okay. What about you Travis even up to well if you're listening to the side, Got back from C to e 2 is pretty awesome. I don't know I haven't gone yet, but I'm just going to assume it's pretty easy to edit in how it was just does like a drop and it's like it's like c2e2 was great. Now that's I'm sure it's going to be a lot of fun and also just kind of getting back in the swing of things factories are starting to at least email back and forth. So been getting some samples and different things approved and hopefully into production and across his fingers. Maybe we'll get something by five points, but we'll see. I think it will be interesting to see how toys are affected for con season, you know for how things are affected throughout the next six to eight months. So don't say why because apparently we talked about it way too much on the show. I did hear things are supposed to get ramping up next kind of what I'm kind of seeing to so it looks like my pin and Pap Patch factory or also back and they're like, we're Full Steam. I'm like Okay cool. So at least seems like things are starting to move. But other than that not a whole lot. We're not here just to talk. Valtor is getting delayed Christmas show. We also have an amazing guest here this week. He is the one the only Vincent skala Tada. How's it going man? What a setup. How do you set me up like that? I feel like I needed like intro music like the rocky thieves, huh? So, um, you know what, he caught the show tonight at the game show the game show coming down the aisle. Good tell everybody a little bit about who you are and what it is you do in the world of art. Yeah, so I kind of do a little bit of everything I started off as an animator got into toy design started making my own toys been a professional illustrator for the past 20 years, which is disturbing even say a little bit everything which is kind of like a gift and a curse. I I still don't really know what I actually do because I just keep growing and trying new things and expanding my world of very odd and unique artwork. I think you forgot the most famous thing that you've probably done which was you painted cars for Ariana. Grande's backstage party. It is true a good friend of mine gave me the opportunity to paint some wooden cars for Ariana. Grande's backstage area late last year. And from what I heard. She she thought they were really cool and took a pile of them home which is mind-blowing and itself. I mean, I think it was really cool what you did with the cars because I mean, you know, they're just kind of like wooden cars. So what are you going to do? You know, but you really put some cool like yours. Up onto those cars and made kind of cool centerpieces for what looked like tables that they had backstage or whatever. Yeah, it was like her personal backstage area. So when she was off stage or before or after the concert was like her personal space where she was able to hang out with her and her Entourage has a really cool project. I'm sure to be a part of and I just thought was really cool when I saw, you know salt on there that you have that opportunity. So I wanted to kind of point it out here in the podcast. You know, I feel like I'm going nonstop. So it's hard to remember what yeah. Surely they know but I know that was a really cool project and it was a massive Square Garden who actually commissioned me for it. They they were just like go crazy. Like we've seen your work we see what you do. You know, we like your thick black Style just do your thing. And that's a great. I love you. Honey, as it as it came out of my mouth. I was like, I really just said that great now we need the explicit thing on. Yeah. Chris is in the episode. So I was already going to get put on there and I was having a discussion today, but had on the show. Apparently, I'm the guy who curses and then My friend just goes you're from New York. I might might go fuck for fuck on this I guess what I guess I first kind of discovered your work for was when you did a Kickstarter. But when I first kind of like peeled it back a little further I really realized is that you are an animator obviously by trade. What kind of schooling did you go to to become an animator or were you just self-taught kind of what is the process that you go to as a new and upcoming animator? No, actually, so I went to the School of Visual Arts in Manhattan to be an animator. My first two years of college was straight like hand-drawn 2D animation. Am I always wanted to be an animator be a Disney animator ever since I was like four years old like that was like my only goal in life was to be a Disney animator and a couple years into college. I realized well, I like doing I like animating but I really like kind of coming up with my own characters and no matter what I do or how hard I tried to draw differently like for whatever reason like my drawings all have like this like funky look to them and It's always been like that. They animate uniquely. I was like, alright, I kind of want to kind of learn how to build on those types of skills. So I switched over to being an illustrator and switch my major the illustration because once you learn the basics of Animation, which takes about a year year and a half and actually as you get older in life and get better as a draftsman and artist, you just get better and better and animating like you just sort of like figure out how things move and that's really like the basis of it is when you're drawing a character or something you kind of Think about how it would move and you kind of just draw every motion for it and like a flipbook just make a move. When you learned animation. You learned on the old like the lightbox this spinning wheel kind of thing. I still and I use the light box now even for like what I'm doing like my inking for my illustrations or even just sketching and redrawing characters. I'm on the same light box that I started with but I was 18 that's awesome flaky. You know what, you know your process and you stick to it. Yeah kind of, you know, there's definitely go routine. Like when you're when you have like that animation still like you like like I do turnarounds for all of my characters when I draw them and then kind of figure out how their mouths move and whatnot. Just kind of go through this process where I'm like giving it life and kind of building this world around this character that I might only use in like one drawing or to Jean. What exactly is it? Turn around look if you were looking directly straight into person you draw what they look like from the front then from the side from the back 3/4 angle and then you sort of see what they look like and it's almost like Before 3D modeling there was turn around and you would draw the same thing, you know turned a little bit in the same spot and that way people know kind of how thick they are how they move, you know, kind of in space what they would be so that it kind of provides almost like a style guide right other people are working on it. They know how to keep it the same. Yeah because animations really like a very heavy like team effort like usually not more than one person or working on like animating a character's movement. So everyone kind of gets like a set like here's what he Like from Every Which Way, so if you're drawing them a certain way, you know how to do it. Exactly. So as your kind of progressing through the career and working on different projects and stuff like that. How does it get to the point where you get to Dia de Los Tacos and you're making your own created by Nick short. So I worked at Nick I was the I was a designer and we sort of did a lot of like story stuff on a Dora the Explorer and I was there for about 10 years. So just being in the Nickelodeon office for 10 years. I had a ton of friends. Who who worked in producer positions and executive positions especially being on Dora, which was like Nick's number one show there's a lot of attention on our office and what we were doing because you know making the money literally like the company money like hand over fist when my time at Nick ended I had a friend and who was filling in for someone at Nick shorts production and he reached out to me and was like Hey like you have anything you want to send into me like I'd love to kind of throw you in the mix, you know, I know you have like the Unique Style and whatnot. You're always making story. So I sent in for a pitch of a show that was actually kind of like a spoof of Adventure Time like sort of making fun of it and they like the concept but they thought it was too similar to Adventure Time. I didn't want to go down that route. So after six months of back and forth, they were like, you know, we'd rather you pitch something else and I have like a weekend to like work on on something and I wanted to kind of do something really unique. So I actually here's a little like side knows I really love to cook and I was really into that movie Chef that came out that Jon Favreau movie watch it move. Yeah. Yeah, so I sort of like stole some of the premise of that movie combined it with my two characters from my Adventure Time spoof short and created Dia de Los Tacos, which is a girl on a cat who run a taco truck in Brooklyn. So they're hipsters in anthropomorphised hits their world. But no it you know, when I first saw the video, you know, we had met maybe maybe like three or four months before that or shortly after I can't remember how when we met but I remember you telling me about it so quickly got back and checked it out and I was like, wow, this is this is amazing. This is Really good little short animation piece, you know, it's what like five minutes long, you know, just really cool to see all the work that goes into something like that and to see your vision go from concept to completed animation. That's pretty sweet. Thank you. Yeah, it was a labor of love and it's about four years in the making to actually make that they Nickelodeon was great. They were like you pick whoever you want to work on this show like it's totally yours. So I have two friends who own an animation studio who I really love their work. So I had Add them they actually did all the animation. Like I designed the show. I sort of directed it with them. Like I gave them like an idea like the shots. I wanted we worked with a storyboard artist who helped create the shots as well. I worked with a writer who worked on like SpongeBob and Sesame Street and he helped sort of pump up the script a little bit for me help me with some of the gag jokes and whatnot. So, like I said, it's always a team effort. Like there's a ton of people involved but Nick the whole time was like, this is your your show we want To be happy like please make sure you're happy. Like they it was a hundred percent like total creative control. Even when I do my own artwork. I still don't think I've ever had as much control as it gave me a few. So it was a rare and unique project. The only thing that's crazy about is it is just a short. It's just a pilot. So who knows what it could happen as someone who worked on shows and it would be like a dream come true to have a show. I always like related to like it's like running a marathon and then stopping before the Finish Line then licking the ground just got a taste of it. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. It's great. It's crazy to say that it took four years to make something. It's it blows my mind the process through some of the stuff because it's like my attention Spanish it so it's like so it's like four years. I literally just like I don't remember what I did. Like, I just wouldn't even like think about it. I give you credit. That's crazy. Yeah, it changed a lot like even like the name of the show was actually supposed to be monster taco and Jack-in-the-Box owns the rights to that so we had to change. The show and it took forever to find a name that we could actually use that wasn't copyrighted software. And you know, I think it's for listeners or people that are trying to get started in different things. I think it's good for people to hear. It's a essentially a five minute video, but all the work that kind of goes behind and all the people that were a part of it. I think that's kind of a good thing to hear because I sometimes think people think well, yeah artist just pulls this thing together and like three weeks or something and it's done and that's the end of it and you know, it doesn't always happen that way. Way, especially when you're dealing with a company as large as say Nickelodeon things take time to build and become a thing. So I think kind of getting that out there and making that aware. I think that's a good thing. Yeah and like something that's really important. And I think it kind of like, you know defines kind of who I am is like, I'm really like a Storyteller like I love telling stories and I think that's why I kind of relate to like that animation world so much or even so the toy world. Like I feel like every toy has a story like what's the toy stories? I love telling stories and when you're working on a project like that. You know, that's like the most important thing that you're sort of keeping it focuses. Like what's the story? What's the story? What's the story and making sure that that follows through from beginning, you know, when you're a little concept pitches and and stripped all the way to the end. Finally. Did we tell the story we wanted to tell and I think it's a pretty cool that you know through that process. You got to put your characters into the story and you got to you know, still have those characters in a way right? Because later on you were able to utilize you were able to utilize those produced. Toys based on similar characters. Yeah, the crazy thing which I think most people wouldn't even like cat is actually I own the rights to those characters. And actually if it was to go forward. Nick would actually have to read purchase them from me and actually sort of create a whole new contract to use those characters. It was a very creative friendly situation, which I think is just rare in today's day and age. It just sounds like it was like the perfect storm of a project dream come true hands down. Definitely my greatest project ever worked on guess we should have saved that for the end of the pocket way to go Travis. Even your good questions cheese, but no, I really think it was a you know, a really cool project and you really kind of showed the diversity and the dedication that you have to your craft and I think that carries through to where I kind of want to segue which is into your kickstarter's that you've ran over the years for different toy projects. You are not just an artist that illustrates your not just a toy artist. You're not just Painter, you do a little bit of everything and throughout that. I think your hand still shows throughout. So your style is still there in all of those different Realms and not every artist is like that sometimes if they're in a different realm, maybe they do something a little differently. So I think it's cool that you can still see the traces from a Nickelodeon animation to your toys to your you know, your paintings. I think that's a really cool way to do things. Thank you, and that's taken a long time. And I think as time goes by like it gets stronger because I think Can I become more confident in that style and it is style literally came out of one day. I was just like, you know, I'm drawing like this in my Sketchbook, but when I make finished pieces, I'm trying to be like a children's book illustrator or like someone I'm really not I'm like, well, I just kind of be who I want to be which is scary like really fucking scary because you know, you don't know if people will like it or or if it's really like a good way to you know to do things because in reality it's kind of like I feel like I draw like a three-year-old, you know, like I Ignore like everything you learn like an animation or even in art school about keeping things proportionate or like making things been like I break every rule I've ever learned that I sort of go with the flow now and I'm like no I'm like, I guess I know the rules so I can break them because I know how to break them correctly, but I still like need more confidence I think but I appreciate what you said because you have to be confident and some of that may stem from the fact that you worked, you know, major animation type work where your Dora has to look like Dora. No, ER where door is so like when you do your own stuff, maybe it's like well I want to be able to do whatever I want right, you know kind of break away from that style where everything has to be perfect. Totally. It's just that thick black style coming through that's what it is rolling back into the the kickstarter's here. So the first Kickstarter you ever did was for a project called Mickey monster and that project was funded relatively quickly via the kickstarter if I remember correctly. It was basically based on a painting that you had done for a Show that was that PIQ Gallery in New York. And then you wanted to self-produce a toy based on that painting. Yeah, I sort of so actually it goes even deeper than that and it's actually even crazier than that is it was for there was a gallery in Williamsburg called bunny cutlet gallery and it was run by I want to say 10 animators from Nickelodeon who we were all friendly and they were like Hey, we're going to just open a gallery so we can sort of do our own work because most of the Time we're always doing other people shit. So lets you know, let's have a gallery show and kind of showcase our own unique talents. The gallery was actually pretty popular. It was right down the block from Terra macpherson's Gallery a cotton candy machine. Yeah, and actually she was very fond of our gallery and would come to all the shows which was kind of cool and they did a show called. I heart new dork where you had to take two things you love that were kind of nerdy and combine them. So for me, it was Disney and EC horror. From the 50s and that's where the Mickey monster came from. But the crazy part is that the woman who ran the gallery hated it. She hated my silk screen is that I made for the show. She told me they were garbage they'll never sell because I kind of I did them myself. So I offset them which means you kind of you take the silk screen and you move it over a little and it kind of makes a mess. But to me, I thought it was cool because the Nikki monster like as it got Messier it looked like it was really sort of like eating the mini and getting kind of chaotic which was kind of the point of the piece. So I get all these pieces of art back from this Gallery because apparently everyone hates it and I I met Sabina from PIQ. She loved it. She picked up the piece and I put it on my website and I sold out of my original silk screens, but then like a week of just selling them on my own fast forward a little bit is I gave a silkscreen of the Nicki monster to a friend who worked at Atlantic Records and from one of his bosses like so I've been making monster and was like get that guy to do something for us. So he knew I animated so I started animating music videos for Atlantic Records then so I did a music video for Steve Aoki and then for Rome of sublime with Rome. So the Mickey monster has literally like not only has it given me like the toy, but it like it's expanded like everything. I do like that Nikki monsterpiece has literally like jump-started my career just in general in the art world. That's crazy. It's crazy. How things Things can kind of you know open doors when all you're really intending to do originally was create some screen prints, right and then it just kind of builds and builds and builds. Yeah and getting back to your the kickstarter. Yeah. It was funded really quickly at that time. I was working at Fisher Price. I was the senior designer for actually the Disney line, which was slightly the starting Some Like It some point. I'm like they're going to fire me because they're going to see this Mickey monster on my death, but I will say that half the Fisher-Price office had to make a monster on their desks. That was kind of cool. So A first-time toy producer. What were some of the challenges you ran into going from 2D design to 3D design I seem to remember when you first post the kickstarter the figure had a slightly different look to it than the final version. I'm assuming because of production requirements. Yeah, so I went on fever and hired a guy in India. It's make a 3D model for made for 50 bucks. That's how the Mickey monster 3D model came about and the guy on sivir got typhoid fever. Over and he couldn't deliver it for another month or two from like the date that I needed it. So that was the first issue. That was like, oh my God, I don't have a 3D model. I can't make this toy, but eventually he delivered it and then I sent it to three different factories and I was trying to figure I've never worked like directly what a factory before so I had a, you know, figuring out minimum order quantities and I was really just guessing like I was like, okay, I'll make a thousand pieces. That's cool. You're like, I'll just make a toy. It'll be cool. Yeah. No, like I didn't I just didn't hesitate. I was just like sure like if this is what it takes to get a toy, you know, I factored roll into the pricing for the kickstarter like I'm getting a thousand Nikki monsters like this is what's happening. But when the factory actually got the 3D model, I don't think they realized how difficult of a toilet actually was. It's kind of an odd. It's an odd toy has a large head. He has very small legs. Yeah, and the mouth is super challenging in itself in vinyl. Yeah, like of all of all the things in the piece the mouth is probably the one that they probably like Oh, yeah, no problem. And then they got it in like what the hell am I going to do with this? I have an image that I got an email from the factory that they must they must have pulled which is when they pulled the head out of the mold of the toy. They must have messed up 300 of them at least minimum and I have a picture of like all these messed up Nikki's. I wish I kind of wish they sent me that would have been cool. If I say you should have got them and then just had people like muscles and when you're dealing with like a factory in China, like there's no quality control. They just they just do and they don't mean any harm they just You what they can do really fast and get done with the order. I have like four or five Mickey's here that have like messed up Nikki heads. They look like like the woman in Beetlejuice, which she stretches her face open with the keep hanging out. I have a couple like production pieces with like heads like that, which I think are cool. But that would definitely was not the intention. That's all. Well I think to I mean it's what you're describing is for people that might be listening to those that are thinking man someday. I want to make a toy. These are the kind of things that you can run into like one quality of the factory. When you're sending money to people in China, sometimes you lose that money or you get horrible quality. That's something you can't sell because their goal is to make the product for you, but they're not necessarily concerned with the quality of the thing when it's done there. It just depends on the factor. Yeah, and usually when they quote you prices they quote you based on like your 3D model and what they think they can do and changes in production always happen. I think with the Mickey they quoted me really low on the on the price of the toilet. I think once they started making it they realized it was more complicated probably should have charged me a lot more to make the toy, but they're still gonna honor, you know, making the toy for you, but they're just gonna you know, they're going to look the other way when an arm is missing and put it in the box and seal it seal it up well to like, you know, once you were producing the figure, you know, there's there's things that you can kind of catch as you're doing the figure from the photos you're getting in whatnot that as a first-time producer you may not know or be comfortable with asking right. So like You were kind of in a perfect storm of trying to find a factory make a toy the first time not really knowing all the pieces of it what you needed to do. Right like so you're kind of like the perfect storm for that but I think the figure came out way better than considering all the variables the figure came out great. Thank you. Yeah, and I am I know I like caught some shit from people about like they're like, oh, I guess just and writer like, you know, like the head doesn't move that well or whatever I'm like, yeah. I'm like the mother fucking toy like I don't care what you think like, it's cool. Well plus it was it was There's two. Yeah, you know when I made that toy like I have to like make sure I let this be known. I knew nothing about designer toys like at all. I hate I hate dummies. I hate money's I hate I hated everything Kidrobot. Like I was I was sort of into like vintage Japanese toys ahead like one or two, but I knew nothing about designer toys like at all. I literally just one day at work was like, I'm going to make a Mickey Mouse the toilet. That's what I'm going to do. Like there was no there was no other thought about it. There was no, you know, there's nothing else. If that ends well, I think this is the rare occasion that you actually kind of in both toy aspects because you came from like toy design that like the corporate toy world where I would probably say most of the people who design a toy world don't have any experience in that at all. Yeah. And yeah, that's the funny part is like when you're doing your own so like for me like a Fisher Price like I get an email from Hong Kong every day with updated models and color as I'm like, oh when ideal my factory I'll probably get the same thing, but it was more like it. More like me sweating at night thinking like I just wired transferred to $17,000 to China. I've never had that much money in my hand in my life and I just handed it over and I don't know what's going to happen when I don't mean that's a legitimate concern specifically when you're doing it for the first time and working with a factory. You've never worked with before right? You don't know what the result is going to be when you are that money. I mean, I've heard the horror stories of sent the money and then the factory disappears and then or you know, the He gets like halfway through your production and then closes up and like crazy shit can happen and I would never like suggest this to anyone who wants to make a 20 now, especially for like design at or world. Like you really do want to get something up like high quality and like that looks good and works. Well, you know, I found my factor in Alibaba. The only plus about Alibaba is when you do your orders through Alibaba, they do guarantee and protect your money. So if something does happen, you will be refunded for it. There you go. Didn't know that II. Actually almost happened to me wantons on that skeleton racer that I made the factory was supposed to make me 500 and originally they sent me 150 and they just refuse to like respond to emails to send the rest. So I you know, I raised a flag on Alibaba and Alibaba was going to refund me and then the next day I had like Amazon Prime from China of 350 skeleton racism. It's amazing what that threat can do, right? Yeah since since the Mickey monster though, you've made two other three other figures. So you made the skeleton Racer the lucky cat which was a character that kind of appears in your dealer De Los Tacos. And then you also had the work dog. Obviously as you look at these figures you've learned a lot along the way and the newest figure the work dog is an actually amazing piece of vinyl. Yeah the way it came out the way it feels everything. It's just a it's a good figure. So it's funny like so the word work dog is fantastic. I really love it. And I think that's Silly sort of what I wanted to do with like the Mickey monster and the skeleton racer and the lucky cat, but I just didn't know how to get it done because I you know, even after three to three Toys you still don't know like oh, there's so many different Plastics and each Factory does things differently and you have to ask for this type of coal or the or make your model a different way to get these sort of pulls to work correctly and be perfect. It just it's all sort of like trial by fire. Just depending on the model and Things like once you learn those things you learn how to kind of trick the system or what to ask for and everything gets better as you go, you know? Yeah. No, I learned my lesson. Now, I actually use an actual modeler who I trust and love to it's you my modeling for me no more $50 today guy from India or there's a guy over in India that's waiting for another joint request to come in from you. He's still trying to cure his typhoid fever that yeah, which I had a Google those like, I don't even know what this is go back. That's all you were worried about. Hey, what do you mean you have diarrhea for three days? You can't make a Mickey monster for me. Come on. Let's just diarrhea. You just wear a diaper to work. It's fine. It's all cool. So but another thing though out of this whole Toy process you've done on Kickstarter you had three successfully funded kickstarter's which is not an easy thing to do on its own. What did you learn through the process of doing those multiple those kickstarter's and as you know kickstarters are extremely stressful. You have to just keep posting. I I like religiously make sure I post almost every hour every Kickstarter and like times when I know people are like done with work or home like so for like 5 to 10 at night or six to nine in the morning. You have to just keep posting and just letting people like no like that. This is out there and you should do it because it's amazing. Now when you were posting, did you use like an auto post generator or did you actually get in there every day and post it was me there? I don't know how many even know how to get no opposed to it for the next one. Now you can like Pretty set the preset the post that goes a certain time so you don't have to go in there at a certain time every day and do it. No, I would just keep doing it over and over again like with my hand like, you know, like on Instagram and on Facebook then and I think with Kickstarter kick-starts interesting because I think people I think you don't you know, you usually get a lot of backwards right away like you that that first like day is usually awesome and then it you go through like these lulls you are you going like 10 days or like no one? No one backs it it's I think it's not that people. I want to do it. I think they just sort of either either do it right away or last minute. I call it. There's a there's a big peak. There's a big valley and then usually if it's going to be successful. There's another peek at the end. Yeah, and what most people don't see is like you in the background like sweating for 10 days you like? Oh my God. No one did my fun Kickstarter. What am I going to do? You're like you're like, you know, you need 20K or whatever and like the first two days you get you get half of it and then you're like, oh there's no way this is going to happen and you check it non-stop like young checking my email like Like you would think I just won the lottery like I'm checking it all day long to see who's backing it. Could he get back? What am I up to? What do I need to do? How many in your head your figuring out? Like how many more people do I need? And then really all you're getting are these emails that are just like I can help post your thing on Instagram. Yeah. I actually ate for two of those when I did the Mickey monster because I just didn't know any better and I'm like, they're like, well, you know we can get you funded in a week and you know just pass $500 and will Market it. I don't even think it got new ones. One back. So back to our previous advice. Don't pay those people. No definitely not ever don't ever do that. Like just just do the work yourself and I actually think running a short kick starter is probably a good thing like maybe for like a week or two weeks. I think a month is too long. I think a month is like insanity for both people that you're posting to Non-Stop and for your own mental health. It's not worth it. Yeah, because I mean the thing with the 30 days is you're really hoping that you're going to About to this larger group, right but we all know that the the scene that we're in or like independent art kind of stuff. Most of the people that are going to back you are people that are aware of your thing or it just the random Discovery isn't as big as people think it is unless you're like, you know exploding kittens or something or super plastic, you know, like something with like huge stuff behind it Kickstarter does help a little right, so you get onto their projects, we love and different things and it'll help. Pull a few people in but when you really go through that list, a lot of times you recognize people as collectors or people from Realms that you're aware of or aware of your artwork, or at least that's the experience. I had over the past four or five kickstarter's. Yeah. I think the the one Kickstarter that I had a lot of like new people who found me was the lucky cat and I think it's because Kickstarter featured it is like a project they love ya. So I wind up getting a ton of backers who like had no idea like Exist in that was really cool, but I don't and I think the Mickey Mickey monster, it's Mickey so that people are just going to click on it. It's you know, it kind of it's almost like a no-brainer and everyone always says like Nikki never goes out of style. So it just, you know, you get a mix of toy people you get people who like Disney but it's a lot harder I think to push to kick starters with original characters and I really learned the hard way when I made the lucky cat that you know, original characters are not like parody or licensed characters. Like I went from like ice. Sold 3000 Mickey monsters into a year and a half and here and a half like it was crazy. I had a palette like show up to my house. I just filled my basement with like as giant palette of Mickey monsters. I just it they just didn't stop leaving the house to a lucky cat which crazy enough. I probably had like a hundred twenty-five like backers on Kickstarter. So I sold those but I probably sold like 20 posts which is to me mind-blowing, you know going from that 3004 that shows you. The power of those the parity or the marketing that's behind those characters, right? It goes back to me saying it's cheating. Yeah, you know what I totally agree and I actually, you know, it's hard to say because like now I'm like the Mickey monster guy. Like I can't like knock it because I did it but you know, I always feel like I put my spin on it like I've been looking at a lot of you know, a lot of artwork that's posted in like Facebook groups and what not. It seems like so many so many fine artists that just like they paint Garfield's head. Head and then they just like and then the next to it they paint like a Mickey head and like that's their painting and I'm like your fucking garbage. Like there's nothing like what is this like and and then and then on top of it like I hate to say it but like our community like blows it like they love it, huh? Oh my God, please keep making their Garfield's like this guy's a fucking hack like, you know, like how can you say you're into toys and our if you want, you know, this is like the stuff you want like it's one thing to compare like a pop artist like Like Ron English who like he takes these, you know these icons but paints them in his own way like Charlie Brown doesn't look like the way Charlie Brown that Ron English paints. Like it's a those are two very different things. He's pulling elements from it, but it's not it's not just reusing it. Yeah and putting that is World a new development in that like take things and just paint characters or whatever Garfield's head on Bart Simpson's body like it like it's making quote-unquote a new character by just mashing two characters together. But it's weird. I don't know. It's just weird to me. I stay silent on this one. No because unfortunately that is one of my biggest pet peeves with the whole art scene right now and just the whole it literally is such a cheap out. It's almost makes me want to just like say we get it you couldn't get a job at Fox or did we get it and now in my quote unquote spin to it and then the whole our community eats it up because one it's Nostalgia. It's they know already it's something they already love so it's easy to appreciate it. And the other part is they don't want to offend somebody and they don't want to you know be on the outs with the art community of the scene. I think to we've talked about this once before to as a collector. Maybe you're not really that into art, right, but you like I don't know a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle and when people come over they're like, oh there's a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle paying cool. I recognize that thing. You don't have to explain it. Right? It's just there it is. It's Teenage Mutant sure we Explaining is your five. Yeah, but like, you know, if you have a robots will kill painting up sometimes, you know, what's this robot, you know like and then you got to explain you got to go into and explain it. So the people that maybe are buying this maybe aren't necessarily into art as far as I don't know like original characters. I guess, you know, we've kind of beat that horse to death I think before but you know, it's one of those things that I just think it's easy. It's easy for people to consume easy for people to explain, you know, it's just easy all the way around. Yeah, and it works. It's cheating. There's no there's no way around it. And listen. I've done my version of Mickey. I've done my version of you know certain characters, but it's not your main job. It's not what you do every day, right and I'm also not copying it for Batum and like putting a you know, a Mickey head and then a Mickey another Mickey head in another place. I don't know like what what Vincent did would with the his version is great because it's completely different. Yeah. It's like an evolution of the You can see the elements but it's not it's clearly not just a Mickey with like a thing didn't exist prior to it, you know, and you know, when you have somebody who does paint a you know, a Bart Simpson, you know head on Garfield's body. It's literally like it's almost like, you know, hey just you should be sponsored by Photoshop like it's like copy and paste. I mean, it's what's popular right? It's popular right now because it's got picked up in a lot of the hype. I guess you say communities and I think it's opened up the floodgates. I'd gates for more and more people to keep re mixing and sampling and had rehashing these things. It also seems like nobody's really fighting it like well, that's what everybody make it. That's what I say is you have companies that literally, you know, actually bring these artists on and have to do a project. So now that like basically in everybody else's eyes be like, oh it must be cool because you know, the company itself allowed it to happen. That's like legitimizing. It's probably so typing up like I don't know. Let's say Looney Tunes or something, right? And so maybe all of a sudden Warner Brothers is seeing their selling a ton of licenses for Bugs Bunny and they're like where the fuck was Bugs Bunny last 10 years. So maybe they're just allowing it because it's building up its own hype and they're making money off of it for I think there's loopholes with it is that it's you know, when it's fine art. It's considered inheriting and it yeah and it's not a it's not a legal because they're not selling like mass-produced mass-produced product. Yeah, which like for like four thousand of them or three? Yeah, but But there's a difference between what he did and what somebody else is passing off, you know, it's like like I know I speak to a lot of the pin guys and a lot of the pain guys who do like these mashups or these, you know rips, you know, they get cease and desist letters all the time, you know from Fox from Disney from whatever company but that's also because they're making a product that is being mass-produced and it was safe to get a cease and desist didn't get a frame. Yeah. I was going to make a copy and insert it. He's toy that was sent to happen. Well, Travis showed us you saw bootleg toys at Target. Yeah, but there's an entire line of toys that basically are straight up, you know, redone versions of Pop Culture characters, but they're like all poop jokes on the box that says this is parody and I'm like that get you out of this like just putting that on the box. So the the toys are called the hangar. He's poop slime poop slime slime making parodies and it has an emoji up but They have a Spider-Man. They had a Harry Potter one. There were some Star Wars ones. They had Ninja Turtles. They had all kinds of characters that legitimately it's just like what's being done kind of at a small scale it like Comic Cons when people are just re mixing artwork, but this is a mass-produced product that's available in Target. And I just think it's crazy that not only are they doing like the Ninja Turtles but in the Box it will come with like a like a little food container that contains the slime. Ingredients or whatever and it's like a straight rip of Pringles or a strip of Cheetos now, like none of these people are C and D in these people. Remember there was wasn't the 7-0 parody on it. Yeah. Well, I mean it was in the 70s what the wacky cards lucky packs the same thing, you know, it's like they would David doing parodies and things and because you label it as a parody, it just gets looked at differently. Yeah, but so the the difference here though, I think is that with the cards. There's unless they were like parroting base. Baseball in the Wacky Pack switch for the most part they weren't and at the time cards and the 70s weren't like they were in the 80s when everything had a card like every movie had a card everything had a card like the difference here is that you know Playmates pays a ton of money to be the exclusive holder of Ninja Turtle toy lines that are available in the toy section, right? So now there's this random Ninja Turtle. That's not a Ninja Turtle, but everybody thinks it's a Ninja Turtle like down the down the hall here. So at that point Companies that own Ninja Turtles Nickelodeon would be C and D in those companies generally because they're trying they're not necessarily trying to protect the brand of Ninja Turtles at that point. They're trying to protect their ability to license that product to another company. So because since Playmates is paying all this money, I would have to assume that they would be upset that somebody down the down the aisle here has made a figure that has a ninja turtle on it. And that's what Nickelodeon is protecting you. Actually, it's a pretty massive company. That's making these hangry is it's actually MGA who makes the L Al's. Oh, they're a big company. There you go. And they actually it might actually be why they can parity they might have already so many licenses that they work with that. They just sort of can get away with it. And they also probably have the legal backing where they know how to sort of ride the line of parody versus stealing. They are definitely on the line though. Have you taken a look at them? Yeah. Yeah there I mean the minion is just a minion with two more. But it comes with poop slime and I said Despicable p on the on the outfit. So I don't know like I saw those and I was just like I cannot believe these are in Target like it just it caught me off guard, you know, it's crazy because like every company is now just riding that coat that Funko coattail of like people want pop culture. We're going to give them pop culture. Even if it's a parody. Yeah. Well look it I mean look at most of the images that you know, you've seen from Toy Fair it literally is everything from 35. Years ago just remade. Yeah, even though the Ghostbusters The Real Ghostbusters line is just straight up the real Ghostbusters line from the ace. It's almost like they found the molds and they're like, hey, I'll do something with these that's who's collecting though. It's the adults, you know, they're the people that collect when they were kids are the ones that are I think the majority of that are buying those. Yeah, and I think they had pretty good success which nobody really understood or expected with that vintage Star Wars line. So now everybody's like what toys do we used to make that we can make again, Make like a limited series that you know him a ten thousand or something. They can calm limited and charged 25 bucks for figure that new Snake Eyes figure looks awesome. Taking that one up. Yeah. Oh, yeah the new 6-inch GI Joe lung you got to get the one that's on Hasbro pulse right now. It's that special edition one with the multiple extra pieces in the special box. Yeah. That's the one that's got the sky like a million accessories. So that's like the launch figure but it is my understanding. There will be like a standard release. Of that Snake Eyes in the line that includes three other figures at the moment. Is it roadblock Duke and I think Scarlet. Yes, that was the the list I saw and then but according to the information I was seeing it does sound like this lines got legs or just doing this initial for peace launch and they've already got two or three more lines planned out. So if you really like GI Joe and you want 6 inch versions of GI Joes and it's probably the line for you. It's like they're they're black series well, Our same company. So yeah, so it's basically Hasbro has decided that they're going to put Star Wars Marvel GI Joe anything they can think of and six inch scale because that's what collectors now want six inches with multiple points of articulation, right instead of the old three and three-quarter inch five-point articulation. What do you guys think of the Frank? Kha'zix new funny line with the Kid Robot? Was that what you're calling it? I thought this bunny bunny sorry bunny, but I didn't know he had it, right. It's a funny lie. So my personal opinion on that line is I don't know why it needs to exist. I mean, I'm sure it's just a marketing type of thing. We can sell these licenses and we have access to Big Box retailers really like Funko funkopop the Target funko's that you know, the your neighborhood gas station, it's everywhere. So if we can tap a portion of that market with our own version of the Funko then we will do that. My biggest gripe with the figure itself is actually not that they're doing pop. Culture because I think often times people that are designer toy people they criticize Kidrobot because they make pop culture items and they don't like they used to be and I'm not trying to say that at all because I don't have an issue with the making pop culture items. What I do have an issue with is what I feel like are slightly uninspired items. It clearly is we wanted to make a Funko Pop because it's popular and we slap together a design with a to me a shape. Tape or a platform that is very uninspired and somewhat limiting. So it'll be interesting to see how they go from here with the different characters that eventually they'll make but it just it feels off brand and off. I just doesn't it feels like you're trying to catch up instead of trying to lead the way at least that's my opinion on those bunny figures everything butt plugs. Well, I mean, I thought I gave a good description. But there you go. They look like but flux. So they are leading the way well, I don't know they just you know, like and here's what I will do to like so not so it's just hate Kidrobot. You know what I think they're doing right Keith Haring and Basquiat, but Donnie's the little capsule collection, they're doing I think those are licenses that make sense for Kidrobot. They also make sense to be on a dunny. I think that they could have probably put in more thought to this bunny project and probably only had a cool better platform design that made more sense as Kidrobot. That's just my personal opinion on the matter the platforms that they already have. I mean why make a new one they should have just simplified the money and they've done pop culture money's in the past, right? So they did the Marvel one's a long time ago and or the DC Marvel and DC lab it's like they already had platforms to work off of and then basically they were like, yep. Let's make a Funko Pop, you know, that's Lee what happened? I feel like and it just doesn't it doesn't need to exist in any way it does just my opinion. Well, I mean, isn't it that that I mean because most people probably don't realize that Kidrobot isn't owned by the same people who launched it in a long long time ago. And now it's just more of a kind of corporate kind of company because the guy who owns like Elvis Presley entertainment and the As Seen on TV And all these other companies he owns it, right. So do you think it's just going the way of just like more of a money producing thought process instead of the creative thought process. Well, I mean, maybe that's probably the idea here because we're going to tap major box retailers and get them to sign up to a bunch of product. Right? So that's kind of the probably the idea here and that will allow us to make other things right? That's what probably the idea is. But in the long in the long run I think doing Something that is what I consider to be uninspired. I think eventually that kind of kills your brand and takes away. It may be a quick crash grab but it's not going to keep you going for the long term. It's not going to make you the new Funko Pop because who is The Collector? They're trying to hit right? Are you trying to get a Funko Pop collector to start collecting your thing? I mean all of those licenses that they shared that they're making there are already Funko. Oh pops of so what they're trying to tap is a whole new market of people that don't already have Funko Pops of that thing or somebody that just loves everything Beetlejuice, right? So how on Earth you you you know, the Funko Pops been out since like 2010. Like how do you think you're going to crack into that market and like take those people away that probably literally have walls of Funko Pop, you know, like it lesser price point is like five dollars less than Funko. I don't know how you do it. Yeah. I don't really get the Because you know the guy that owns NECA does such a good job of Mecca and their toys are great. And you know, we were doing mostly action figures that go was the easiest one to sign up with and they have the best margin so and they weren't in a they were in Toys R Us but they really weren't in a ton of big box at the time now, they're in Target and Walgreens and Toys R Us is gone. So the model just seems so weird them to change Kidrobot and we need to toss this out there considering the the Kidrobot is owned by Neca. But like Vince and I kind of had this little conversation before too but I think what I really took away from Toy Fair when looking at NECA versus Kidrobot is NECA is dialed in with the collector and what the collector wants and what the collector feels like. It's missing from the scene that they represent which is pop culture the 7-inch action figures that are spot-on to you know, what they should look like. I got a $25 price point but the don't you think it's two different people like the collectors for those NECA figures and not going to be the collectors for Kidrobot figures. Yes, and that's where I was getting to where so the NECA the neck of creative directors and the people working. There are 100 percent. Boom. We're lockstep with what people are looking for and filling a void in the market where people are like looking for these things to exist and they don't you go over to Kidrobot and it's like they're just trying to throw things against the wall and see what sticks and nothing sticking like that's what it seems to be from the outside. It just looks like we're just trying to find anything that'll work because the things we've done in the past aren't working instead of instead of being Innovative. They're reducing back to almost mimicking what's going on in the pop culture realm and then even so even on the, you know, the rest of the stuff they showed they showed this Itchy and Scratchy figure that looks sweet looks like itchy scratchy right, but then you like zoom in on It and the seam line on the scratchy's face. Like the mouse is scratchy right like the zoom in on his face. And the seam line on this thing is like in the most absurd place that it could possibly be. I can't believe you just said that like I actually looked at that thing and that was the first thing I saw were all the seam lines. Yeah, you don't think a lot of prototypes. That's what I was gonna say. Yeah, but then it's bad. I mean it looks like it was Need honest if that's the case, it was made on like a 3D printer from like 1999 because it's it has like a Frankenstein like lying like around the entire head. Like it's really bad and and the mouth and the like it's like all over the head. It's almost confusing. You're like, why did you use so many pieces to make that one? So I'll thank you. So if it's not a 3D printer if it's not a prototype and that's the final piece than to me, like kid robots lost its way completely Kidrobot make the garbage pail kid toy. is there were Funko ones that I don't think there was yeah I don't think there was Kidrobot ones okay remember those had really bad seam lines on them like I remember purchasing it I opened it it was so it was so bad I didn't just throw it out because I'm like this is horrible and I guess what I guess what I'm kind of getting to with that is you know with when you start to see uninspired and quality go out the window it's kind of game over in my opinion Like It's just tough to see a company that you felt like at one point was the Forefront kind of become an afterthought you know because they used to be an innovator and they used to be pushing the scene and not just with like the dunny with like other toys that they were producing and other things that they were doing and even with this new Dummy Line with the magnets like they the dunny basically the head pops off the legs pop off he can take the arms out and there you can swap them with other done he's like yeah finally something different with the dunny right and it's just like I feel Like at this rate we'll never see that actually taken to you know, its full capability because it doesn't appear that Donnie is really going to be a Forefront of what they're doing in the future these from what they showed a toy fair other than the dunnies that they showed past unease that we already knew were coming out and then these new Keith Haring and Basquiat Donnie's I didn't see anything else dunny. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if we've talked about this on the show or if it was just between us and I just I kind of just feel like that. I think the thing with the dummy in the any and all these other things then they've kind of run their course. I really don't think they could do too much more with them. That could be amazing and I think toy collectors, you know, no no poking fun at toy collectors. Were you guys but you're pining for something that's been kind of so overdone that are you really going to buy another version of this artist's Dunning and I'm not saying that the 100% have to do done he's but they could do more stuff like when we talked about Out candy Bolton's Hello Kitty that piece was very much a Kidrobot for lease and it was a pop culture design but it was pop culture integrated with artists original interpretations of that particular character. And that is Kidrobot on brand in my opinion. Even the Quakes Hello. Kitty is fantastic. Yeah. I mean that's another example of Kidrobot on brand artists interpreting a Hello Kitty, right or Terror macpherson's Wonder Woman great example on brand having this the this new bunny figure doesn't seem on brand to me at all. That's just my personal gripe. I guess I always surprised that people see still see people buying cases in cases when a new done a series coming out and I'm always surprised because when Kidrobot first came out there wasn't there wasn't much out there. So they were unique they were original, you know, it was rare. It was cool that you had it. Pronounce is so much stuff out there with popmart and you know Funko the super seven. There's so many Brands and so many stuff to buy. I'm kind of on the same page of Chris. Like why are you people still buying done? He's like I don't it doesn't make sense. It's the Nostalgia of the death of 15 years ago. I mean, I think people go through like I'm a maturity kind of threw in their toy collecting like, you know, some people come in with Funko pops and they find out about Donnie collecting through like the form. Eames or the Facebook group. So they start collecting dunnies. No get some old ones on eBay and then they start getting original artists design. So it I think people just kind of face through it in Funko seems to be really stepping out of their comfort zone and trying some new things like the soda cats the I thought that was a big deal for them to start making. Yeah, the other thing my solo this weekend when I was venturing through Target looking at those bootleg toys, they make these things called pop and they're like pop games have you seen? Is there like they come with two Funko pops and it's like a card game with like a board. Yeah, it did see that those pack the packaging and like if you read the back of the game and everything like those things look amazing. Like I'm like, this is a wonderful Evolution for Funko like to make it more interactive versus just straight collecting those like good job won't go good job yet. I think they're killing at me. I'm like even outside of just the pops like the dorms are really cool and they always have different stuff that they try if it doesn't work move on to something else. It seems to just get better and better that's a lot. A lot of the pops have original sculpts on them now. They may come they make the dorbz those yeah, I didn't know that there's so much hate for them though in the designer toy community so much hate everybody sees Funko as taking the designer toy kind of idea and then applying it to a mass Market product. So, I mean that's really all this right everybody hates it because it took our idea and made it a thing. It's like it didn't really take our idea. It just kind of borrowed it. I don't know Mighty Muggs existed before that which was First version of a Funko Pop and people weren't that bad at them? Yeah, when you watch that whole Funko documentary on Netflix and really see you about like Mike Becker's like process of you know, like starting the company and what not like you kind of I don't know. It feels like a very different route than than where that you know, obviously them where they are today, but just that they almost landed there on accident. I mean when I look at that documentary, I see a lot of a lot of what we're doing. At a small, you know, like in the early years like myself. I'm sure Corey watch that documentary and see very similar things going on a lot of a colleagues. It's like you're literally just working your butt off out of your house or your garage or your little studio and you're making the stuff happen and they just Struck it, you know, they got it, right and it really could be any of us that do that same thing, right? Yeah. Definitely. It's all about that. You know that hard work and just kind of keep Pursuing that dream that you hope one day you can have one one thousandth of the success they have so actually I kind of wanted to bring something up you guys were talking about before about like that, you know being dialed in and a lot of like the Retro stuff that they're doing and you don't you got I'm really honored you guys talked a lot about the adela's taco and like man a nation of stuff. So I think a big reason why that hasn't turned into something is because Nickelodeon is focusing on bringing back a lot of the shows. Is that they made in the 90s they're redoing them. So all the opportunity for like new shows to come up are kind of taken away by like a redo of rug rats or of our real monsters and whatnot. It's kind of like that same thing happening all over with everyone there it sort of just following that trend of why make new we can just, you know, come out with our old stuff again. Yeah. I mean, that's kind of exactly what Chris was saying before Toy Fair. It's a everything is pretty much a license the it's very That you see original ideas being put out as toys at toy fair most things in you know, our culture as a whole or just being recycled right? It's kind of like the if you guys sell Jay and Silent Bob reboot. It's like it's just a reboot right? Everything is a reboot of a reboot of a reboot like and they just keep keep putting stuff out because they know people are connected to that thing and the power of those characters and things that I've been a part of your entire life when you see there's a new Batman movie. It's like there's already been a hundred years nearly a Batman advertisement to tell you to recognize Batman. Like I really give you showed a Batman symbol to like people all over the world. You'd be hard-pressed to find people that didn't know what it was like even in like even in countries where you know, it's very very unlikely that Batman's made a huge impact people are still going to have an idea of what it is. It's funny. I've always had it. discussion with my friend revenge and we've always talked about how like the dumb down simplified you know cartoons kind of get recognized more than regular art you know because you know for example you could show a hundred people like starry night and they'll say oh I know who did it but they can't remember who it was but you're showing Mickey Mouse and in two seconds they going to go Walt Disney even so Disney didn't wasn't you know the main guy drawing it so it's like it's amazing how we're kind of I don't say dumb down but it is kind of almost like dumbing down it's like the quick recognizable think it's kind of like you know people going to China and eating at McDonald's because they know it rather than try we've been sold these logos as like parts of our Lives yeah and it comes down to it it's the same thing it's I mean you know why why you no come on Put all these brand new ideas and have to worry about you know, licensing them and you know contracts and all this other stuff when they have the IPS already so just melt the hell out of them because they know people are jumping back into it without a problem. You know, you walk into Hot Topic and you know, you don't see band shirts. You see Rocko's Modern Life shirts, then where can I buy my corn t-shirts? Well, you should probably took the Quarry about that one because I'm sure it's right next to the ICP t-shirt. Shirts, that's it. What that wasn't me this time Cory? So as far as your artwork is concerned, I understand you have an upcoming event that you're working towards that clutter Gallery. Yeah, April for the month of April. I will be having a solo show at the Clutter Gallery. I am extremely extremely honored Josh and Miranda and Sarah at clutter have been nothing but amazing to me lately and they keep inviting me to do shows and be part of group shows and I I'm just floored that people want to see more of my art work and honored and I'm going to make a ton of cool and funny shit for people to look at. So as your work Miss is going to consist of like paintings and prints. Are you going to be doing some like toys and whatnot as well. I'm going to mostly be doing well all original paintings and ink and watercolor paintings as for the toys that is a that is an area. I'm not very good in I actually think the paint it up a pile. I love toys for Decon and then use the wrong sealant and all the paint's melted off of them a day before so I've been kind of just staying away from painting things. That's I'm not really good at painting on 3D Services. I get really frustrated and it's not my thing. I should I should not do it. It just doesn't work. Hey Lynette. Yeah. I I'm I'm glad I like watching other people like paint up toys like and there's so many It's out there who like customize and and I am not a customizer. I actually think it's sort of like hurt my art career a little bit because I don't do a lot of like those group customizer shows just because mine usually looks like complete garbage. I'm like sweating the entire time that I'm making it. I can't wait for Cory to see my toy for his show gonna be amazing. Fantastic. It's getting groundbreaking. Yeah, I buy I buy one every show so maybe that's the one I'll buy that. Okay, what a good price free 99. You're just not going to turn it in to me back the same piece. I just don't know how any of these artists do it. Like I just you know, I think also like part of the way I draw the way I draw is because I don't have a lot of patience. So it has to be like a quick, you know, just like a quick drawing or a quick easy thing that I can just like get out of my brain or kind of get down on paper. But when you're when you're like customizing these toys like I always like I always try and rush it and I like do one side then turn the other and then the one side smudged with my hand and now I have to fucking clean the whole thing off and he you got us you got to see some of these like setups that these guys have what's his name has like a pillow thing. He created so he can lean his hand on it while he's working on these things. I'm like, like I have no attention span for that know that up like an old soup can so we're like a pillow on top of it like so you can lean on it. It's like a oil is use them like that it's like a stick I forget the name of it back but like I don't have the attention span for that shit yeah and I totally relate to the way Chris Haynes like I just like you just got to be it like even for me like I was like a someone who does our professionally like I just want to get it done like even though it's my own artwork I'm supposed to enjoy it and love it like I just need to get it done it has to just be finished and away and off the plate so I can move on to the next thing like I don't have time to fucking flip something on a pillow so I can get like three croaks of an eyelash on a fucking head Kudos my friend as I get older my patients gets less so this will not it's just gonna I'm just gonna dip it in paint and be like look it's it's a pollock I had her I already mentioned I want to show I just want to melt it down to a pile of plastic and she's like that's it that's that's my toy I made it something different yeah and for the for the paintings I'm doing for the Clutter show I started using some like spray paints to like just do some like you know get like the background done and what not quicker and it's been life-changing like but I'm like I need things done fast like quick and fast so I can just like get these get all this art like out of the way so much so much props and credit to the toy customizes out there I it mind-blowing well guys we've been talking for a while so let's go ahead and wrap this one up Vincent if you want to give everybody an update on where they can find you on the old internet yeah at Vincent's Gala on an a gram Vincent's Gala on Facebook and www.instanteulogy.com very complicated web sites and info for me and just to remind everyone solo show at the Clutter Gallery up in Beacon and April and then I will have a booth at Five Points Festival end of May it's a last week about yeah and actually for the first time ever I will have a toy hopefully releasing that's not on And I'm doing a couple Minifigures same same type of vinyl as the work dog couple new characters that I had in a couple paintings that I'm bringing to life and I'm excited to bring them. They're very cool. So Chris you want to give him an update? You can always find me on social media at Chris rwk or at robots will kill and just a reminder March 5th to and to Arts Gallery. My solo show. It's not over yet. Hopefully people can swing by nice to always meet people and of course straight. He's got toys and all the social media and strange cat toys.com. I'm Travis lichens. You can find me at ubd toys on all social media or uvd toys.com. We want to thank our sponsors again sticker fide sticker pie.com. No love cedeno love city.com where you can get the official Urban robot cat t-shirt and use the code Urban robot cat at checkout and receive 10% off your order and SD Prince SD screen printing dotnet, but thank you again Vincent for being on the episode. This has been The urban robot cat podcast the show about art and people who make it.