Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here to talk about atrás the movie but before we get intoAddresses when I get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's exactly what I want. I want I want the and I need validation. So please get on it. I can shoot him a menu. So if you like watching things while you're listening, Earning two things. We are now on YouTube, but we are honest you were saying let's go. I was just gonna say that like, yeah, she needs should comment so that we can just read that to him. Yeah, so he can relive that moment so I can go to sleep. Well sounds like his ideal scenario. That's basically me. Yeah, that's how I deal with things. That's healthy. Right? Yeah. Anyway at rods ever has we need we need a deep-fried on this because he's a law student. Yeah, and I think this movie is One part courtroom drama the other part Bonkers fuck in no, no sexy time. You just stop at bonkerz fucking that's exactly what it is. It's a fucking honestly not enough fucking if you're going full fucking I mean Bonkers fucking with zero kissing. Yeah. Well, you can't kiss you can kiss it. That's the rule you you know what not touch, you know, what's better than kissing sniffing Max. You know what I really love, you know what they kind of bring the push the envelope with this one because it wasn't just next this time. She sniffed his Balsa oh, yeah listeners at home. There was bald snack ball snack bombed during a song also snapped him from the belly button to his neck. Yeah. She like Point dragged her face all the way up. So this continuity in this movie. Yeah, this movie makes sense. Yeah, we're a sensible and this is logical with this movie. Yeah. Okay. So we ways we're going to divide this moving to two acts and if you've ever watched a true as you know what we're going to be talking about, but if you haven't we're not going to spoil it for you. Yeah. Okay, so the first Act I mean we kind of open with Akshay Kumar, right and it's not not Akshay Kumar. The Barrister was the actor's name Anil Kapoor and a couple of yeah, and he's a barrister. Yeah by the name Choate Lonnie ram chauthrani ram jethmalani know why is his name? Can we just discuss that for like literally two minutes? Okay, any any gases I have no. Oh the so we've had a funny Punjabi stereotype. We've had a funny maybe like South Indian stereotype. Oh, I see where you're going with us. They needed a funny Cindy stereotype. How absolutely devil. Yeah, but at the same time, there's no much there to stereotype. So there's trying to fuck with the name. Yeah. I'm surprised you didn't know anyone named Lonnie by the way. I'm surprised he didn't have like, you know Cutlery. That was like pop art shaped or something like this like pop art merchandise everywhere. Doesn't shoot Lanny means liability. Yeah does well, you know what is accurate because he's a fucking liability in this movie actor. Yeah when he's got em, not a good logs about it on the street. That's what I would do is work. So I mean the movie starts with a mix-up we thought we were going to watch a good movie turns out it was not that's correct now but the movie sets that's with essentially Kareena Kapoor. Who is she Has finished iíll be finished or LL be and she's looking for a job everywhere. Yeah and typical sexism just thrown in the beginning of the movie the dads like why do you need to look for a job? You just finish LL be why the fuck you just sit at home and make rotis now British army colonel Charles shiny gonna rope. I'm so obviously so obviously what happens is she's like no dad. I will not marry anyone. She goes on to have a successful career. Just kidding. She marries someone within the next 10 minutes. Yeah, then the next 10 minutes her dad says this and then she's married and has a child. I really don't want to get into the towing nice of this. But what happens is that Akshay Kumar is looking for a mate. Yeah, and then his friend is suggesting him in made and the maid is a Punjabi stereotype because we can't have a movie in the 2000s without it the classism the fucking classism. Anyway, it's infuriating. So there's a mix-up and the barristers looking for the obviously for Kareena Kapoor as an assistant. Yeah and Akshay Kumar's looking for full-time domestic help. Yeah. I'm sorry. What do they call them movie? She made I think stages keep now allowed that keep was what he was our Keepers. They're fighting. This is called as a comely. Yeah, so the they go to the wrong house is obviously yeah and okay fine. So if there's a mistaken identity kind of situation going on, what's your first reaction? Usually like that. This doesn't seem right. Are you in the right house is my yeah, like normal reaction. No, I personally will take 25 minutes of movie time and not figure it out. I will just not figure it out. I will be like, yeah, okay, a lot of the things you're saying and not lawyer related. This doesn't track. I think I'm fine with it. I think that a lawyer and a maid would have different qualifications for their job. He what kind of interview You was held there because like what kind of questions are they asking, you know you go for an interview. Sometimes they want to know what skills you acquire. I get asked to make chai every interview I go to that's fair. Yeah, you got to make chive so can attract when it happened in the movie. I was like whatever makes sense. You gotta pay your dues in this business. Yeah forgetting into law business. I wanted to sweep the floors because that's where the grime is. You know, that's how you learn. Maybe that's what I know couple is doing he's like I'm going to make her work because she's a woman so his sexism was showing and because of the sexism there was a case of mistaken identity because he thought I had Perfectly fine. That's what a woman lawyer should be doing also the reality of how interns are paid. So the meat is paid 1,500 plus living costs. Yeah, and the intern who is expected to transport here every day is paid three thousand in 2004. Just 3,000 dude. That's a long that's high for an intern dude. Really? Oh my God. Yeah in those don't get page hair is like 10% of an entry-level job. That is Indian interns get paid in. Exposure. Everybody knows this. Why are we even discussing swear? I interned at a very big automobile company for free. So yeah, but beta would your knowledge the knowledge in Korea, which I experienced nothing. I just listen to the radio all the fuck it. Oh God. Okay. So after okay so when you find out someone's been charged. So be seeing you. Yeah, someone's being like he clearly knew that this was wrong and he said when Texas was the only person Figures are out. Yeah. So what would your yeah what anyone's reaction be to situation. I'd be pissed I'd be like you have blocked me from a job like her dream. Yeah. I think that she fought with her dad for was. Hey, I want to do this job. Meanwhile when Akshay Kumar put sir. There is a made ceiling. I'm gonna fuck that dude. Yeah, not only fuck. She wants to fucking Maddie that during marry a fucking gaslighting fraud, but that's you know why I was talking about shocked myself. Oh, Moving on I am okay different neurons doesn't support hsv's views. I'm sorry. No, but okay. So essentially I'm still their father that side but like I sensually she like she's instantly willing to marry this guy. He instantly wants to fuck him and he is so man's plea need to her. He's like You've obviously given he gives her that case. He's like, you know the moxon ideals as water. Yeah. Bye I would fucking slap some dirt if you just said that like this is your first job and he doesn't give a fuck. He's he was sitting there eating Jam toast when she walked in the house and a red flag. Yeah, like in a job and if you want that happened today, maybe I'm not too serious about when so obviously they get married they do and within over the course of one of the most ridiculously choreograph songs that I've seen. Okay, so this is in this Century, do you? Guys robbing the name of the choreographer Raju Akshay Kumar's brother Raju Connery, which is where because I want when I watch the choreography of gila Gila Adnan still sexy as Fox where he's honest fucking sexy. The more sacks is voice is amazing, but the choreography so bad guys just go back and just watch this music video if you have nothing to do with your life and then tell me that you couldn't choreograph something better or toddler could have come up with - the way I see it. Is it like if aliens landed on Earth? And they were first they were trying to pretend to be humans and they were trying to like figure out how limbs work and stuff. This is Gila Gila the thrashing in my hands trying to figure out motion the thrashing in my sleep has more coherent choreographic aesthetic than this fucking song Akshay Kumar literally looks like he's losing feeling in his limo was as it's going on. I was progressively getting more and more angry. I'm like who's the choreographer? I'm going to murder him turns out he is choreographed stuff like Logan and Logan at crazy choreography. Did it enough dancing? Yeah, I did, but I had a great like they had a great. Eight. It was a great song and the dancing and the sequence is amazing. So, I don't know. I don't know. They just let him do his thing in this one. If a fetus got Huntington's that's what this would look like. Oh get into fetuses soon enough we are okay. Oh, well, you know anyway, so we love our feet. This is unbanned Bollywood that's on our t-shirt merchandise available. It's not really don't look for it. So they get married and immediately. This is been like I think a couple of days after they got married. He puts it. Payment for a house without consulting his wife. So that's a major financial decision. So this is not right after they get married. This is two months later because she's already pregnant so counselor this marriage if I'm if I'm counting if I'm like, you know structuring this right there was sexism right at the start when they met there was workplace discrimination harassment, right the wife feeling too scared for two months to tell her husband that you were pregnant with lets you missed period of two months the first one you like. Holy shit. Maybe and him not Consulting her in a major life decision. This isn't this is the worst kind of couple not to mention that she's actually the lawyer who's more qualified to take a loan and go through the paperwork for a guarantee for a bungalow, but he he goes through the technology or equivalent of practicing law was making chai for a coma Bad shit, I'll guard and Akshay Kumar job is kind of vague. Like I don't know why he works exactly works at okay, so it was kind of little more specific than the early 2000 only or to thousands of jobs in the sense that they made cell phone. So they made something you know, yeah. Usually you're like what the fuck are they making? These are hand side about handset. Yeah. So, you know it was you. Oh, okay r-tx 349 69 was the RX RX 49 our x-coordinate which is a important the actually the Look bait is important to the plot. Yes Revelation Bonkers early 2000s Bollywood because before I was just like yeah files don't you know post was made by balls made out with the files in the warehouse put the money back in the body, basically, so he's a he's a big he's in a big like a high position in handset company. Yeah, and he's up for a promotion and there's a promotion party which is one of several. Several fucking parties in this because we are the bad guy tell me why that is because I'm rich poor a fucking loves a party. I'm rich Parisian Adventures. Buscalera. Maricopa's let me sit in one corner and just drink tea Morgan Stanley party. I don't know if I'm pretty sure that anyone who watched the movie has noticed that amrish Puri doesn't change his outfit at all throughout the movie and wow. Theory the reason is is because they invited him to a party and schedule all the shoots in the same day. Yeah to make sure that you know one day he comes he parties any fucking that was my theory. So we've seen the other right before this and like I noticed their amrish Puri is kind of become a secondary background character initially in the 90 in the 80s and the 90s utilize the main the main villain bad guy, but now he's kind of become the second villain to the main villain and I was like I'm rebooting is stop giving a fuck so I'm rich but he's like bro Morales. Are you one day I'll give you one day you shoot everything and I was actually surprised when leader in the second half of the movie deep into it. You know, I'm usually shows up is like let him go home. What is he doing it without guy whose only purpose in the second half was to be insulted. Yeah. Oh God. Okay, we'll get to that we can yeah anyway, so he's taking this loan out and now he says don't worry about it. I'm up for a big promotion. Okay. Now this is the reveal like not to reveal about this is Introduction of another main character and I You the best part of this movie that I'm going to throw it out there with that without a doubt. Yeah, and I'm like, this is in spite of her having some of the worst lines ever. Yeah. Oh my God, you're like, okay, I would argue that any lines that she's delivered impossible with another actress. Yeah completely impossible just can't say it. It doesn't make sense. I don't know why they have never seen a more like unusable script for a woman in Bollywood. And that's saying something do you think man? Oh, I No, no, no definitely not the more we get into this plot the more clear it becomes that definitely a dude and a very specific kind of do wrote this, you know, like he's kind of like the quintessential sexist Uncle. Yeah. Well wrote this but Were Somehow, okay, so Priyanka Chopra basic, that's what we're talking about. Yeah, and she looks pretty different. Yeah. She's what 22 in this movie? Yeah. She's 21 when the movie was shot 21, so Young. Yeah, okay, so she gets introduced a zombies Puris wife. Hmm and immediately. Everyone's like oh Hobart the whole durable Akshay Kumar's best his best friend. So this is the kind of company that this dude keeps right? His best friend makes the worst jokes about Priyanka Chopra and I'm gonna quit the party. Yeah, definitely and he said, you know something something cold coffee. Yeah, they'd never let her go on is another cold coffee PK Ingram cheese Benaiah, which first Paul Mort's know, what does that mean ends or does that mean is that like if you see somewhere but one day cocaine snort Korea banana, then maybe it would track. Yeah, we make scold who drinks cold coffee and things like think do you think it's the equivalent of like a cold shower? Like bro? Even God got a boner bro. Oh, no, even God got a boner bro. Okay this way we do not condone blah blasphemy on this. No, but I guess I feel like that's what they were going for. I'm sorry. I'm offended by that statement. We condone blasphemy on this Blog podcast. He's kind of right we condone lost me on the spot cry. I am never say bad things on this podcast go down just never said a bad thing in this life out there. Yeah, I love all people and challenge in sesotho. There's no no children. Oh god. Oh take that back. Oh, I just love people that read moving on. So okay gets more than he bargained for in the sense that sex. No, he gets promoted to the board of directors instead of CEO, right and that night. He has a flashback and the only reason I know it was a flashback is because You told me yeah, because I was like Yay guy here. Yeah, you killed my mother. I mean before that there was a horrible song and a pirate ship. Yeah, then the last item which is but because I had seen the movie so I knew that it was a flashback but I realized that like if you haven't seen it, I don't know what I've seen it but I remember very little of it it just so like we don't forget by a while. We move past it the Latin means excitement. She's singing about excitement in Alka. Yagnik voice. Yeah, it is and also I got to say and this is not super important. But the energy of an organic don't go well together not even a little bit. It's not the voice. It's like a saint either land or that neuron was 40. I like even worse common. Actually you don't gather wasn't it wasn't it wasn't wasn't any way to other podcast. And so now we get back into the flashback. So you have to show sexualisation. So what's your go-to sexualisation location? Is it a mountain? Is it over Riverside a beach? I don't where is it into Beach always a beach cottage as no no, come on. It wasn't a beach wasn't just any beaches an isolated Beach. No one was that there was just there just say, okay. No, so I check on my couch are actually looking fucking honky in this running running and Slow motion, what a chunk of honk running in slow motion the camera zoomed in to his navel just kidding. There was Priyanka Chopra because men directed this movie. Oh God. So Bianca's doing with whom thing where she's like, you know in the beach and the water I'm going the Doom thing because the only thing that stuck in my mind is not like Hollywood's been doing it for fucking 50 decade James Bond every James Bond movie. Every fucking Jesus did the first teams movie James Bond movie had a doctor gnome. Yeah. What was the name? The if it was an octopus here at that was the name of a movie octopussy was the one that was based in India octopus where every Indian roams around with you know, you know Scorpion from Mortal Kombat, except. It's a chakras youth forward. Wow. I left mine at home. Okay, I didn't bring my needle. So glad you're home stop calling. You know, we have a guys. We have a professional student. We're in a studio. Why not invite him up anyway, and He shut the door. So they meet and they start fucking almost immediately. They meet he makes fucking condescending comments about like, you know, you're a pretty girl. So like everyone will you know anyone will give you a lift or whatever then the next day turns out that he is the so she's going out for a job. Yeah. She's going for a modeling contract with a big Telecom company Akshay Kumar is deliberately vague about what he does. Yeah. I thought initially it was just like them not knowing what he does, but he's deliberately. He wakes that the next day when she gets the job after saying some really weird it was weird add like yellow stream or something. It was fucking weird of pee on my face. Yeah. What nothing that's not the fetish this movie was going for it's not even watch it. So that there's the Akshay Kumar shows up because the drowning theme in this movie the one that they have accidentally stumbled into is that no woman can get hired with Akshay Kumar sexualizing. Uh, yeah, no woman, and we've kind of a brush past the Like that such a success Akshay Kumar section. 3A. Saxena. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah guys timestamp eight minutes 59 seconds into the movie. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. It's on YouTube. I we're going to we're going to put it up on Instagram as with the Romanian subtitles. Yeah. Anyone Romania loves atrás, Romania Romanian listeners. We know there's a lot of you. Can you just like shed some light on the matter in my head. There's like just a side note of like people being reliant on where he's buried. Like Romania loves mogambo and they've been like watching since Morgan Stanley against and this is one instance in which a person in a higher position kind of uses his power to influence the subordinate or whatever right now. He uses his influence to get her the job. This is interesting. Yeah. It's interesting cuz it'll track later on the story also because the light that this is shown and is like, oh look, it's so romantic. Yeah. He's like just doing the right thing for the girl that he loves so she they can. Get into a relationship and it feels like relationship because later on they refer to it as an affair. Yeah, because it was premarital and it was sex-related if there is no shoddy bro. Auger mangalsutra knee pain Anna Affair May relate of error, you know are all three of us in an affair. Yeah. Yeah. I don't really if you don't know the mangalsutra than fuck. Yeah. Fuck. Yeah. I left mine at home is you need to stop. You know, what? I've been telling you for years fucking put on a mangalsutra bra, okay. But yeah, and but the thing that we notice about Priyanka is that she's like super ambitious right? How dare she she has goals and dare you wants to goals wants to do things with her life. So she must be a whore that's what they're going for her. So she wants to get this modeling contract with a shady billina. Okay, and I can understand having misgivings about someone the like the character of the person you're going to be working closely with. Okay. That's okay like you can have misgivings about someone. But he straight up like what about me? Like why aren't you marrying me? Why aren't you like why aren't you two staying in my house and cooking me food, aren't they at some club or I like a restaurant and then she goes in front of this like billionaire and then she you know when you fall down yeah, and it's fucking awkward and you're embarrassed. No I Fall Down release sexually where ice play my legs. Yeah and show how smooth and Iraq's they're all done. Ah fucking falling down conveniently, my boots like Jane which is very difficult to get off in the first place. They're like goes off and like I show off my shins about one minute State. Oh, I do that too. That's pretty cool speaking of easy to get off. We got Akshay Kumar and so he's like waiting for and then he gets mad at her. Yeah. And is this when she offer she's like she like Comforts him whatever and he's like a supposition my Pooja because she's lying on top of him. Yeah. Oh a call. Isn't is that a reference to what's going to happen later? It is maybe you should because she's lying on top of me is like I say position may be together. You know, I can't say no foreshadowing. Whoa, just like this movie oscar-worthy. Definitely. Yeah. I just realize that there's so many threads are all makes sense. Everything is planned. Yeah. Anyway, I got to drop one of those in almost every podcast. Yeah, everything is plaid. I mean in this there were things that were planned in advance to so the thing that wasn't planned was the pregnancy she was pregnant. Ain't ya and she said she's going to have an abortion. Now. This is a very sensitive topic for Akshay Kumar. He's very understanding about it. He's like, you know what you have to further your career and I understand that you don't want to have this baby is that's what happened. Right? Absolutely fucking know your to aboard carry been short Mira sperm whale that mucus made us more human sperm in there. Marry me now fuck off ya remember for the rest of the movie. This is referred to as whose name are abacha Girardi. Meet up with a good idea of the tiny whore she doesn't get a say in this is it Andy has been quite Progressive in the terms of like the pro-life pro-choice thing. We've had abortion illegal for a long time and stuff like that. But now we know in do movies it's not even been an argument, you know, like it's a thing that happens and now to movies to of the same fucking actors oxygen Karina well going like bro, how can that cellular organism? How can you get out of mine? How can see about how can she slap? How can she protect now? Yeah, so she's she said, you know, I have Ambitions have a curio. This was unplanned. I don't want to marry you. I want to further my career because like that's my That's My Prerogative. That's what I came here to do. And the music is like she's a felon she's almost hate her and he's like, you know what? I hope you're fucking happy and then he leaves and he's like you I okay fine. I can see that your career matters to you more than it more than I'm active. I'm like, yeah. Yeah, you're fucking nobody. She was she had goals before she met you that she was gonna go ahead and do anyway. Yeah, so what the fuck anyway, I think we can jump we can jump right to the scene. There's a couple seen there's a couple of scenes are kind of unimportant in the middle. So a bunch of technical. Jargon in which there's a defect in the phone. Yeah, and they say that it often becomes a conference call. Yes, if you call someone becomes a three-way call ya becomes a three-way. Yeah every time oxygen screen 3 Ways what this movie needed anyway, so moving on everything would have been solved everything will be yeah true. So one of the things to note as we go into what's going to get really fucking awkward and uncomfortable for everyone listening. The thing about Akshay Kumar is that he sometimes sometimes casually slaps his secretary spanks his secretary. Yeah on the but it's a five. Hello, and he thinks it's okay. Yeah, but Broman will be Bro, like this is so this is just the way they've thrown it in casually okay, the throw things sexist shit and casually in Bollywood movies all the time, you know, but what really fucking grinding my gears in this one, is it through it in casually then justify it by saying that that's just, you know banter and it's not a valid form of sexual harassment in the workplace. And the person who does it is the one you're rooting for the court case a Ballack you have to be rooting for him because he's the main character and so not only are you throwing in some I'm really sexist horrible bullshit. You're backing it up and then just saying like yeah. Yeah the jota because when you make your main character do this kind of stuff and he's kind of going to he's going to become the victim. I get you're not trying to make you an aspiration like a character that you aspire to be but still the way they just brush this off is just so fucking infuriating. Yeah, I mean throughout that especially can I skip to the court bit where that's an effort which is yeah the same thing even there is just shown as like something that he's being We'll fight for and taken out of context with every like, how can you bring that up? Yeah, how can you hold that against him? It's like one of those things where you know, if a character in a movie in these court cases like sometimes he had to someone because they were like, you know, they'd never have money or something, you know later on it comes back like he stole money from here to give it to this person. And really the person was innocent. Yeah, you know where it's like clear Injustice. That's how they portrayed this scene the trying to show sexual harassment adjuster Injustice. You want to harass Us Part. Yeah anyway, So let's get into the scene. Okay. Yeah. Now this is a slippery slope to navigate. Yeah, because already I do not like Akshay Kumar, so just to get into the scene without you know addressing essentially the first half of like what Akshay Kumar has been like I'm going to I'm going to try to look at the scene is like in a vacuum what is like and then kind of examine outside of that in isolation? Yeah. So looking at this in a vacuum Akshay Kumar is told about the defect that's been happening. He goes to Priyanka chopra's office. House, no first office post office and she's like kind of kind of hitting on Knock-Knock kind of is healing on your suggest a very sensitive he is can he just sticking to like, hey, this is the work that we need to do. This is the problem. He's our oh, that's why you're here. So she's all pissed that he's not here to just work right away and she's like, oh, you know what meet me in my place because I have another meeting. So now we get to the house and this part is very Only hmm very clearly. I don't know if it's very clearly but this is harassing. Yeah, so he's trying to show the defect and he's trying to tell her to sign these papers and she keeps progressively coming on to him. Yeah, she gets a phone call from her husband, which she just you know, she talks to him like everything's fine. Uh-huh and he tries to call someone and while he's on the phone where he thinks priyanka's on the phone Priyanka gets off the phone and he's standing with his cellphone and she comes and hugs him from behind and he drops his phone. Yeah. Yeah, and then she forces herself onto him. Hmm right now the the whole angle that way I want to ask you specifically deep red can a man file a sexual harassment case in India? I like is that a thing now? No, no well in as per Indian law. You can't be sexually harassed of you're a man now, you can't be harassed sexually if you're a man that is not a thing. So going off of that because I have been thinking about this. Reasons yesterday and kind of how this movie is kind of an important movie in like to look back on because if you think about it, the thing that this movie could have been what it could have been is a man gets assaulted essentially. Yeah, right and because of the Norms of society and toxic masculinity, he is scared of coming forward. Yeah because every time that's the narrative that you could but if operation I will lose the opposition lawyer literally says that Oye haseen Hot sahaja Yoga so he's berating him for being sexually harassed he saying like your your huge and you work out how why don't you just push him up put ya off right and like it's a thing. It's a documented thing that when this happens to people undergoing some sort of thing. We're going to get an absolute where people freeze right when the sort of thing They seized in these situations. Sometimes you don't know how to react. Okay, which is what Akshay Kumar said that that happened to him whether I mean whether or not it was his fault in acting while the scene was I'm not going to get into that. Yeah, because the acting of it was yeah, I think I don't want to fully put on Akshay Kumar because he didn't pull it off in the best way but also the direction that he was given what was their messaging to him? What was it supposed to be because the way it was portrayed was kind of like, oh, he was fighting the urge. Yeah to be like to have sex with her. But what they were trying to tell in the case, yeah and the case it becomes like oh, you know she forced herself on me. Yeah, so that's a Disconnect there having said that like this could have been a movie where from that point on they take it as a thing where there's a man who doesn't know what to do because there's a toxic masculinity layer. There's a how could this happen to a man layer? They all these issues but that all would have worked if the first half of the movie where so essentially we think about it these the created the makers of this film are trying to tell you that hey, it's not always women that get us all yeah, but it turns out into This fucking women hating spree the go. Well, if you're not married and if you have goals of your own mmm, you're the fucking worst and what it does instead of shining a light on what is an important issue. It kind of shines a light on their views and how Bollywood at the time viewed, you know, like men and women and those Dynamics and like your detracting from the issue that you created. Yeah, and you should have like continued with at just gone with that in yeah. Marva color like red buildings. Yeah for her. It was weird. So I'll click was he decides to what happens after this incident is that I'm Priyanka Chopra gets really angry with him when he's trying to leave. So he comes to his senses kind of you know, because there's a scene where in the courtroom where he says my bag at Iraq, he starts consenting to it. Mmm and then he sees his wife his locket in his reflection with his wife's picture in it and he walks out. This is a So I was watching an interview with Priyanka Chopra. Yeah, they were like bringing up a biggest movies. And the first one is a Tetra is right, and she they showed this clip of this scene and the scene ends at the bit where the lock it comes out and Priyanka Chopra and of cause only when the lock it comes out, she's roasting around movie only when the lock it comes out and he sees the wife will the man have like a moral that's when you firm. I remember right now like when the host using that and also she mentioned that just so we're not like hypothesizing here Priyanka Chopra herself said that in when she was shooting the scene. She was obviously very anxious about it like was having on what she described like a nervous breakdown and abbas-mustan. She was telling her. I don't want to come across as a sexual predator. That's what you like about them is that they're like, no you are the sexual predator on this. So it's very clear like there's no ambiguity on that is no yeah, and she hit the dialogue writing. This is why I think only Priyanka covid can pull this off the dialogues Harvey pulled off a door. Dialogues with show me you're an animal. So yeah, show me you're an animal that I repeatedly now that we've like talked about it. Let me just just the show me you're an animal Rogers brutal as a line. Can you imagine having to say that dude? Can you imagine her reading that in the script and cool like fuck? I have to see this. Yeah. It was sort of born dialogue like yeah. It was a bit Bonnie. I'm sorry. It was a bit body, but she Was like I you know media the hood. What is it? I'd worry something fill up my some very sketchy. So yeah that really she might as well have said give me that dick give me that dick anyway, so she gets really angry when he leaves and then what happens is she tells somebody spoolie that he tried to sexually assault her. Yeah, and he suppose he's forced to hand in his resignation. Yeah, and I'm restore his best. He's just was there for the party writing is like fucking hell now to deal with this whole thing. Mogambo is not over. Oh, yeah. Of course Negra mogambo gives one's done. Yeah, so Rogers obviously very shocked because he's got this a mortgage on his head. Yeah and his wife is pregnant. Okay, it's a new marriage. There's a lot of strain and he can't just make an excuse and leave his job. So he consults a Ramjet - sorry Ram chod, Milan. So what is the total answer? T'lani radharani and he's like, you know, you can file a sexual harassment case, which immediately discount same as a bad lawyer. Because you can't apparently mmm. There is no way in heaven or hell he could have done that. Let's let's get that out of the way and even if he would like there was legislation in place for him to do that. There is no way that he could have fought it because at this time you couldn't choose the prosecutor for a for a criminal case. Oh the seat will take cognizance. I mean turns out you can choose anyone as a prosecutor. Yeah. It's a Pokemon battle, you know like Charmander. I choose you pick your fighter. Jong-il gets hit by a bus. It's because you are you I wanna get into another thing which was kind of annoying to me. But I thought that Kareena Kapoor was reaction was not normal. Like I don't know if my husband was accused of sexual assault. I would have some questions and actually she barely had any she had nothing. It was barely an inconvenience. Yeah. Yeah. I should have been a big plot point. He wasn't she was she stayed up says that all I need to hear is you didn't do it. Yeah, which is textbook loyalty shit that Gaslight is exploit boy. Like it's it's been seen commonly in spouses of serial killers and serial rapist. Yeah. Yeah just like this unbridled loyalty where any other evidence is just false to them any other skater culture the trying to promote, you know, this unwavering unquestionable like feet in your significant other. Yeah where it's know. It's good to have trust. It's good to have With when you're married to someone, you know, you should know the person you're married to but at least have like some follow-up questions. Hey, I have question is once they got married what she practicing still no. Oh fuckin hell to those are study Montage. Oh God, so she just was like, I guess I'm going to dust off that old court and get back in. It wasn't like lamb rack back and she never practice in the first place. No, but she handled her criminal case right away. She offered to intern under a senior lawyer two days later. She was already planning her marriage after that. She was like a bigger pay like Bruce that Kareena Kapoor is a white person failing upwards and Akshay Kumar is where careers go to die. Yeah. Anyway, oh God. So wow. This is getting to the Crux of the Court. Anyway, I'm just gonna put a bullet. So let's get into the court proceedings of it. Okay, and we need you specifically I have one quick line that we get into the court case because you know when he comes back home and there's like a party at the place they talking about what love is yeah love is Passion love is CX love is doing it from behind now. I'm going to someone would you online so so the mate? Okay, by the way, the maid has married a new cookbook. Yeah. It's not who's lost over. I'm cho cho learning. Yeah. It's amazing. Matter are kaput. She says because she's a mate right so she can only think in midterms. She was like love is like an Italian tile, you know, the Italian tile that gets dirty no matter how much you clean. It doesn't go away. That's poetic is fuck. That is a an abusive relationship. That's what it sounds like. Yeah. I keep trying to erase the sins of your past. Yeah, you're trying to get rid of it. But I just keeps getting dirtier and dirtier you keep standing outside of my house. The only option is to throw the tile into an oven - sat for your validation is Crippling is what it sounds like. Oh God anyway, so get into the court. So he files a case against them. Yeah. Okay and no no the chronology is that he sends them a legal notice of what? I don't know like no specific performance noted there. Yeah, you think it's like workplace harassment or something like him feeling Connor very clearly. The the case was a one of sexual harassment. Yeah. That's true. That was the that was the thing that was going on. So usually when you send a notice you give them what you're sending the notice for and what you should do about it. So if this was a criminal case, it's a straight-up summons in which case unworkable can't do shit. I want to know how he sent that because the public prosecutor is the only one who's able to do that with the help of a gem FC. Wow. I don't try and you don't destroy his legal proceeding. You got you got in question. This movie is very realistic. Okay, follows everything by the book and throw us, you know, that's that's where people learned law people watch this don't they screen this and that's what made me want to become a law school. Wait a minute. I'm gonna do know this one is so much sense. I thought they were like screen this in classes and law school. Of course, they would see how not to proceed in the back. Okay, so I'm gonna tell everyone I'm in first year of law school after maybe a so like I'm not thorough with how it case works. I've read case proceedings and well, I've done a few mock trials. That's my entire experience still more than what a new computer still more than what a relief of will definitely because under Kapoor had like throughout the fucking entire court proceeding nobody sites a claw a Queenie now, I'm kill even a you know, it's what Akshay Kumar's are not Del Socorro the marks in a you gotta do it. You gotta do the heart and emotions, bro. So proceeding with the chronology of the events, the legal notice is sent I'm assuming it's a summons because he said I'll take it up in court that's not compensation for specific performance fine. Fuck it. You're going to cut and a new Kapoor is the prosecutor given under what law? What the fuck are you citing? What is it legal happen to you if it's not written in a book Mommy Mommy Mommy. How can she touch how? So after all of that, maybe they could have filed a case of conspiracy because all the elements of conspiracy are there under IPC? Hmm. If not fine. It's not a conspiracy case the entire point of not giving men protection under Section 377 for rape and sexual harassment so far and which is pretty shitty. I'm pretty against it. We we can have this political discussion later like find me on my channel. Is that so it And slow down the jurisprudence for rape victims. Most of most of the times who are women. Okay, and even when the victim is a male the perpetrator is still most of the times as in nine out of ten about seven out of ten times a man. Hmm, and that's that's low-balling it. Okay, so All of this has happened fine you're in to occur into a court under no law with a lawyer which has no standing for this why the leeway in is insane the the leeway or affording them at this movie is the equivalent of fair enough. Okay, that could happen. Yeah. It's like is when you say fan of all the episodes and in the same place, they are accusing Akshay Kumar who is the plaintiff or the victim in that case to the court in a Record that punish him. That's not how it works don't have to file like a countersuit for that or something. So if like your I file a case against you and you're innocent you can file a counter isn't then you prove me you can have it in the same chord unity in the same case that I am trying to prove you guilty, right? You can do that. It's called a counterclaim and given Dynamic circumstances. It can be done. But this is not one of those Dynamics circumstances. Number one, you know is really dynamic as Akshay Kumar so And I think that happen with oxide so versatile. Oh my God can play like a shitty person and another shitty person, you know, you know, why other so, you know, I because he says he has a dole a Shoal a personality. That's a Parish Hall says, we're not as handsome as him. He kind of makes me not want to go to the gym. No one's ever done that before. What is it? Delicious sole personality mean fucking to me consult Oxford dictionary for this one. I think slap your secretary in the ass - let your wife and don't tell Don't involve any important decisions also think about your boss sexually remember, well, that's what he's doing initially. Yeah. Also, what else also keep amrish Puri over time. He just wants to leave. Amrish Puri is really pressure Akshay Kumar at one point because he's like, you know when he storms into his office, okay how I fixed you can I get into this mess? I'm gonna do this. So now that we've established the lack of legal framework one of the Witnesses in the cases. Amrish Puri. Wow, right? Right and what is around short Lonnie is trying to prove no not represented by the time. Oh, no, we have to get into this later. Yeah. I have a tiny bit of thing to like criticized for the legal framework just a tiny bit and it's a tiny bit because it is Flawless. This is like crpc. Come here. I want to come on you then burn you like I want to do it so that I'm happy because I this was procedurally so wrong how it usually works is you have an opening statement then you call your Witnesses. And in which the accused of the defendant can't be involved without thorough consent and consultation with the judge because you can't give evidence against yourself like the you have that privilege to not give evidence against yourself here is the front of my car and also have negative like Akshay Kumar says Gurkha Maulana. So remember when he says that yeah. Yep. Remember when he says, okay anyway, and this is this is what really pissed me off is that they asked him to take off his shirt that was not middle of a public. Like proceeding like beta 2 cap are killed. They were like hi. I think some point abbas-mustan problem. And you know, we haven't seen enough action app know I think I'd one point auction of the courtroom like no context the worst place you can do it. They just did it that says like why am I working out so much for this movie guys, another single certainly seems like actually where the court scene is. Of course, the ho Gaya you could have taken your shirt off at the beach. Why don't you do it? Like they forgot they picked up she evening Elena Albedo headless children with the movie is covid though, or I love if like mid shooting somebody that movie came out. He's like fuck. You know what he took his shirt off fuckin asshole actions, of course every shirt. So that is probably what Raj said a bunch of women in his office. So, I mean beyond the proceeded procedural problem. That one was a bigger problem for me because even when they like do all of that you're supposed to take photos and write descriptions, which will be written for public record of what Their body looked like that's how inaccurate this is. It was so pissing off when I watched it and I Price ever throw a boomerang. Can you just move for us? I'm just going to mention this but a shell as a defense lawyer. So convincing here is he was a fucking asshole woman. He was too good at it. It was infuriating. Yeah, he he will act completely embrace the role anyway, so somehow the band like the the clearly going to lose the case because there's so much evidence against Akshay. Yeah, and Ramadan is like you fucked up. You're an asshole and while they're at home. The bank manager comes in. He's like yo, listen, you're gonna want to listen to this this better be good when you called me, I wasn't here and drama that to we calling thing where you accidentally goes to college. So that happened to him and the voicemail got recorded in which everything him not consenting to what's happening was recorded. Mmm. And this is like fucking nuclear bomb of evidence, right? This is going to this is going to fit it's going to flip everything so I know I should make a copy of it, right? Yeah. No. Annu Kapoor is going to the forensics lab. I know Kapoor has never watched a movie or courtroom drama in your life. He gets it verified. He shouting on the phone. Haha verify hoga you are innocent. I am coming to you and then gets hit by a fucking car which has been which is basically Priyanka Chopra. She made that happen. She met how did you make that happen again? Because power and money but more importantly the shit stay. Oh, I was gonna get it. I mean, I think that might be the most realistic part. This is my other fascination. You know when someone gets like hurt and stuff and it suppose to be like sexy. Yeah, I like the a new sari annu Kapoor sex and no no but like in general, you know in the characters like they've got like sexy cuts and stuff in this it's like, oh I knew Kapoor is like no you got to make sure that it seems like I shat myself like there's a shit stays below is that an indictment of like hospitals or is that a nine in just a depiction of that's what happens when you get hit by a car he gave you shit yourself she deserved from your ear because the shitstain was right next to his ear I'm upset. Like I'm worried that they did. No one should stand. Okay, so when blood oxidizers on Cotton it kind of makes it brown but not that brown. That's a weird bro. That's a diarrhoea brown. But I worry that was like one of our new Kapoor's request. I mean I've had includes before but didn't turn like shitty. Diarrhoea Brown doesn't poop. That's all it is. He's asked at ologist let his last moments. He just wanted poop next term. So the tape gets destroyed. Yeah. Okay and our God we we get into Most sex scene of all the sex okay current go for it the sexiest of the sex scenes. This is this is why I think Priyanka Chopra should've won a national award like for this scene because can you imagine the brief for this? She calls Akshay Kumar tell him to come over. She's waiting at the office. She's like, oh we'll figure out a deal and then the most sex song which is also the most Bonkers Lee choreograph song that I beat ever more than Gila Gila this one. She's literally on his back with her feet. Like ho back facing with his back like a buddy cop movie and then he's dragging on he's all like I'm kind of into it Aaron. Nothing is sexier than being dragged like a jute bag. Come on, bro. I thought you knew this. Yeah. I know and I have song and lyrics I literally I want to make love to you. That's great. Now my sanity Johan be crunchy. Oh, yes, mostly would listeners and colagrossi. This is this is Sydney. This is not what I raised. You all read our Western right? This was the raunchy torch was years. Fuck this. Is there objection what I enjoy about the scene and this is wrong to say, but I don't know what I enjoy about the scene. Is I like how I'm not I don't think this is what abbas-mustan or going after but they've somehow created a character a woman character. That is very comfortable and saying Hey, I want sex. Yeah, which is like but Gina bag. Yeah, you know why? Yeah, but in a vacuum, I enjoyed just this idea of like a woman not being afraid to be like in touch with hey, I have wants and needs in instead of like, you know, the other half are is just like I'm here to produce babies, but it's in a vacuum, but the movies not in a vacuum so the bad guy wants And later on in the courtroom scene when saw him in is problematic in Kareena. Kapoor's becomes the lawyer because now ROM ROM Choate Lonnie is heated somewhere. Yeah, so setting a couple steps in as the replacement fighter in the so now the amrish Puri seen I was talking about before but then over here we go out. So they she calls amrish Puri to the stand. I'm gonna set the scene a bit. I think I'm reached Puri was pissed and he wanted to leave. Yeah, he was the writers were like, you know what we're not going to tell him what happened in the scene. To fuck him over amrish Puri has been a pain to work with these ones and go home. He spends a lot of time in catering. He's been getting drunk all that but I just imagined him like being like I book I was booked for one day. Yeah, you know now it's day two. I'm annoyed. I'm getting pissed and Underwriters fucked him over with this scene. Yeah, so she called him to the stand and she's like you've been married before and he's like, yeah. It's like she said the arikara nahi hota that's why she divorced you like. Oh, she was a jealous. Fuck. Ask what but I love his reaction just being like yeah, so and then she's like you had a second wife and she left you because she had an affair because there are currently out there your honor is Kakarot. Nahi hota Hai objection. My Lord. No one objected. I mean, I know she's getting to how no one objects in this fucking like the judge lets so much. It's like a judge only says objection overruled and the only things that he sustains are the ones that don't need to be sustained and innocent. I want to hear about his dick a little more to share bring us back to some grounded law and reality here. Okay, I'm Gonna State the obvious the part where paresh rawal chemise in face of a checkmark. That's not that doesn't let happen how God what good and as I've pictured a life completely differently like when you were a loss here, I'm like his life is wild. Yeah. He just shaming in front. He gives star booze and allergies. Yeah, I hit. He takes people's clothes off in the podium and all that happens in he is a wild based on movies. Oh, can we please revisit that line that uncouple says about the analogy of whether the home Ellen felon and yeah, okay. So he says, you know, I know people think that the knife if a knife fell on at our booth is the knife that cut the turbos, but in this case the third was like there was like ah God. Ah God, which is not okay. You know how your dad is sexual and Ali are you doing sex wrong during exactly how to do this or doing sax real fucking right? You know, they'd be eating some knife plate current how much stabbing do you think is acceptable during sex? I have to honestly miracle. I knew that stabbing me. in order to get an erection a knife must be present I'm like I'm Reese Pari unless the stabbing it worked everyone listening I'm so sorry Mom I take it okay that is no one stabbing anyone during sex I don't want my finger around no more so wolf serious but also like their boobs are card is like when you're giving an allergy and you've completely like the point that he made was essentially saying she was asking for it yeah that's the message of he was asking For it. Yeah, he wasn't trying to say that but because he used this vehicle analogy. It came across like that. It was horrible. Well, I really like brought everything down from Life player. Yeah. Oh boy. Anyway after knife play we have so Karina was told by Akshay that these guys met before the whole back story was told her so she calls Priyanka to the stand and then she tells her like, you know, didn't you did you or did you not have an affair with can she slap? Jim's she straight up searching like is but Chillin or ethne buttock area to draw water and for see big Sims amrish Puri and she sluts hymns Priyanka Chopra. I know she's like, okay. So this is where we're talking about how you're seeing a woman's comfortable sexuality, right? So what Priyanka Ocarina says is that it's a woman's right to expect sex from a husband, right? And then she's a spatula North knee. Yeah - IDK sex cure Mary husband. Before I met my husband, yeah, then what's your fucking problem? And this goes into what I know is brought up just such a great Point like there are no laws mentioned there is no there is no like Court proceeding or Dulce soda, bro with there is nothing under skin. You remember one thing that they say on there. That's like hey, this is a law that I'm stating. Well, I mean there were a few objections that the judge sustained that we're okay, like exactly to yeah, everything else fuck all but you know how we said I'm rich but he was on it for like today's maybe the judge was there for like 15 minutes and I'll just cut to him like going over just an order order. They had like three shots and they went they like award showed it. You know what I mean? Like just reactions rods code you Maria the rocky Maria de Maria was had a bunch. My dad was said a bunch. Yeah. So now the friend the best friend there was a best friend. He's kind of a dick and the one who kind of says, you know, he can't get it up with without Viagra. Yeah, so he apparently when the conference call because I thought this this is weird Okay because the conference call goes to one more person. So I went to the bank manager. Yes. Alright, so he called the friend and because of the problem in the thing, you know, Godly Man bank manager also. Okay. Yeah, so he saw the because when Karina's asking him that question seems Like why did you call the bank manager that day he was like, oh maybe Rosenhaus related. Then he was like, no. Actually I called my rakish. I called Rocky is about the phone issue and when I called him at all so cut to them. So then that one voicemail the bank manager got and the other Wiseman obviously rakish card, so they played in court and it very clearly shows that Priyanka was coming on to him. And you say no repeatedly, yeah and that kind of finishes off the case. Yeah, right. That's a lie and the movie And there's a little bit there's a casual case of suicide after that. What? Yeah, just up just to throw a dude Priyanka Chopra doesn't die on screen. Yeah. She gets an off-screen death She's like she jumped off a building after she was left from her husband left her. Yeah, and then like, okay. It's a very somber thing sound fucking kill themselves cuts to a fucking song. Yeah. Yeah, not only does it cut to a song it cuts straight to Akshay Kumar's lips and zooms out into a song No also it's a song about how him and Kareena For now have a child and I are living happily ever after. Yeah, and he has no I think it would affect me. If someone that I was with years ago and even someone that in this case, it's all right of the circumstance you would be it would be a traumatic thing that they don't stick around for that. Fuck that what the moral of the story The trying to show is that if you don't marry and have a child and forego your career for a man hmm, you're going to end up alone childless and you're going to end up killing yourself that that's the moral of the fucking story. I think. Biggest issue with this movie is that it is not self aware of what it's doing. So the story that they keep trying to tell is this it could have been self-aware like how yeah, she know Leo that they could have made this about how men can be raped or yeah, which is a very serious thing. It happened to see this thing. Yeah, and it's not doing that. They're like women are the worst if they don't comply to societal standards, they're going to end up alone and they should kill themselves and like while doing so they did is they show their own ass and their own Pleasures like, you know, just becomes like, oh you're prejudiced. It's very clear from this movie and this Simultaneously sexualizing the women doing this. So what the fuck? Well that was definitely a movie. No, one of the most dangerous interpretations of the movie and I'm not saying that a bus must plan intended for this movie to be interpreted this way is that the independent woman will misuse the law that she's asking for. Yeah, because you see Kareena Kapoor Who falls in the institution of family and whatever that the society appreciates and then there's Priyanka Chopra I would definitely want to break out of the system dependent be herself finer individuality. And that's where you see the ideal woman on the an ideal woman. And that's the worst thing that this movie could have pushed. That's a great Point actually because yeah, because essentially Priyanka Chopra because because she's a single woman with ambition and isn't who doesn't want to be tied down by relationship doesn't fit into that. Perfect Indian home. Just that, you know the Norms she's obviously if something happens She's lying about it. Yeah, I'm not sure that was unintentional honestly speaking. Yeah. Anyway that that concludes a ms1 that I just wish they'd just kept doing more his movies. Maybe I'm a I'm a law student back giving benefit of the doubt is something they teach us. Uh-huh. It is brutal. Sorry. We're going to give them the benefit of the doubt. I mean, I'm gonna try hmm. I mean I had no other trousers with this movies of needed more knife play.