In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also Was popping everybody merch we've been waiting but it's here. It's here. It's got our picture that's on our podcast photo is in a couple of three colorways. Well, there's cream. There's white there's pink got our faces on it. Oh my God, whatever that by want my face on this. So thank you ever singers and your face check it out. It'll be in the show notes. Also. Once again Teespring.com stores /aa Camille go get you a March. We love you. Can't wait you in it, isn't it a store? Did you just say that did you say store? Yeah, to.com slash doors /og Mill. Oh, okay doors with an S stores with an S. You enjoyed the episode? Okay. Bye. Let's get into it. What's Poppin everybody? Welcome back to a girl. And her mother-in-law she's so yeah, you change it up each week on the same. I'm the same old boring mother-in-law. I know but then it's just gonna get like four people that listen to us every week twice a week. My name is Thursday 5:00 a.m. EST. Okay. Let's try this again. Take five you guys. All right. Happy fucking Thursday. It's Wednesday. Oh. There's no sorry. It's Thursday. Come on, Jerry. Okay, guys three days daylight savings. Right. It's gonna change right it already. Listen. I was cooking dinner yesterday six o'clock and it was still not Pitch Black. Like I I know I was driving home with my mom loves that 30 and we were like, is it Not Dark Yet. I love it. I love it. I love it. It's going to get even better. Can't wait can't wait Jerry and I always talk about this and I feel like we talk about it all the time and that's how fast the savings come. Remember. We're like then I just passed wait. So is it actually this time? We're going our head hurt. I feel like we're always having this conversation, but it's only twice a year. Once the other one looks like ends of October. Oh, okay. Early November like this is the good one. Yeah one we want. I'm so excited. First of all, we had like a couple of days where it was warm, and it was just so nice so nice and not that it's too chilly today, but it's cloudy and it's a little rainy so even temperatures not bad, but I just I have to stop my walks again and it's silly we've said this before I have a treadmill, it's just not saying it's not the same looking straight ahead at a spot when I used to run on the treadmill. I would just look at a spot right above the door and I would stay focused on that spot and run but walking sobor especially when I have to pay attention so I don't fall with my num foot. It's just hard, you know on a treadmill to do yeah, you know, I mean you can set your phone up and watch a show or something, but I just I can't Wait to be able to walk consistently outside and on my Facebook thing three years ago. It's me and ever and me me and RJ walking because three years ago for my birthday is when I got my Fitbit and that's when I started my journey. So my journey from three years ago to now when I've lost 80 pounds I was addicted to working out but when she says addicted the like she's not exaggerating. Yeah. I really I was talking about yesterday to a friend. And and I went from being unhappy where I was to feeling like on top of the world and I could conquer everything to where I am now, which is in my mind. I'm pathetic and I need to get out of that and like I try mindset wise to get out of it, but I think physically once I'm able to do a little bit more be outside a little more, you know not have to worry about it's raining. It's freezing and just it's so much more to do. Difficult to just do something simple as walking. You know, it's like oh, I forgot my cane. Let me go back to the you know, it's just it's all the little things that just make it but I have I realized that these last from three year three years ago today, these three years has been the biggest up-and-down roller coaster of my entire life physically. Yeah, you know like I went from being here to being there and now I'm back here. I'm worse not weight-wise, but I'm worse physically than I was before. I started this journey three years ago. So it's like those that three-year journey and I feel like I'm worse than where I started, you know, so it's a little emotional but once the weather starts getting nice, so even just the sunshine. Yeah a boost. Yeah the moods accidentally so much. How do we only go one hour difference? But then how do we end up getting dark in the summer? I like nine o'clock because it's all the rotation of everything darling. Come on remember school no rotation the The Sun the moon. Nope, Earth sure at least home from school sick today. Maybe we should have her come down and she'll explain it to us. You know that slight little angle. Oh my gosh. What does she remember all these things which is sick again. She's just not feeling great. Goddamn, you know, you play overcooked all that you addict? Yeah. No, I'm gonna try to finish up. No. Well not well, maybe I'm going to try to finish up Love is Blind, too. We got her start love it. All right. So listen Alyssa actually texts me yesterday. She like how do you like it? And I said I'm addicted but not because I like it be because I want to find out what happens that that like you like to show them you want us to be out. It's not something that I would normally go all this is my kind of show like it's not something I would have clicked on or watched if you didn't ask me to but now that I'm watching it obviously I want to find out the outcomes can't stand Jessica. From the second. I heard her voice couldn't stand her what episode are you up to so that we can help? I don't know. I don't know what episode I'm on a people tell you pose. Yes. There's been a couple of proposals there in Mexico. They're Mexican Darren Mexico, and that's where I'm at. Okay, so if you haven't seen the show up to Mexico there might be a little spoilers. I would skip ahead a little bit Yeah, I was gonna say skip ahead but I'm sure by the time this is out anybody who does all her now. But here's my thoughts Kevin and Kelly hmm. I love them. I think they're very genuine couple. They're not dramatic, which I think is why I like them. Okay, Barnett and Barnett and what's up girl? What's her name? The very confident X on the girl Amber, you know, they are going to have nothing but a great sex life they both have no no emotional. Yeah. I think it's just like it's just sex. That's what it is. I said they're going to have a great sex life and I'm totally off. Both of them had said like when they met each other for the first time they're like, oh my god. Did you see her? Oh my god. Did you see him like, oh my God, like that was their first thing. Physical attraction I feel worse from Mark that poor guy. I want to cry for him. I feel so bad and Jessica. What a fuck. I know the fact that she went back and forth. He was your second option like he gives he gave you a chance even though he's your second option and he said I know what I'm worth. I know what I bring to the table and I shouldn't be anybody second, but he was he's Yes. But she led him on in my opinion. She left both of them on and she was like whichever one takes me is what I'm going to be with like I felt like you should have had a clear-cut decision. That's what I'm saying. So he question that is going to get very hurt like in my opinion. He's gonna get her and she's just going to be but even yesterday I was watching where they were they all ran into each other at that dinner meeting sort of thing for the first time and they were just drinking she was all over him and that really pissed me off that's very disrespectful to Mark and Amber even though I don't like Amber he chose Amber. Yeah, and she was like overly like ill yeah, like like we oughta move on now like that and then and then they would show him talking like in the interview going, you know, I still want to talk to her you made your decision of Amber if you book like that's just horrible like that to me is all like very immature this belongs in high school not from a 34-year old lady, but then I realized that that's probably why she's single That's probably why she hasn't settled on found somebody whose she's not she's fucking nuts. And Amber equally fucking nuts. I do think Amber and Barnett together make a nice couple. But like I said, I don't think there's going to ever be anything sustainable there. I think it's just going to be a Lusty sex hot kind of relationship. I don't think any of them dug deep. Yes, you know. Yeah, what about Lauren and Cameron? Love them. I think they are my favorite couple. Hmm. I think that my favorite I haven't I know they're talking about meeting the parents. So I haven't gotten that far. So if you have don't ruin it for me, I'm past that episode now not the part where they're shopping for wedding dresses Okay, so I wish I would have watched one more episode. I know that they're both very in love with each other. You could just tell that they're so in love with each other and even the way they were lying together quietly off and that little thing both on chairs and they were talking about like how they would raise their kids and they're both, you know, like knowing that the kids are going to be a mixed and like just having that deep of a conversation just shows their love. They're not just talking about let's go fuck, you know, like the other couple. I watched a little bit more, but I have a feeling that Her family not his my opinion is her family's going to have an issue with him being a white boy, but she did say that she was willing to stand her ground because she fell in love with him emotionally and stuff like that. So I hope he said he dated a black woman for five years right before her. Okay. He definitely I like him like he's a nice guy, you know, yeah, you can super socially awkward but a nice guy, you'll see in the next few episodes. Okay. His body language is so uncomfortable sometimes. Well, I was going to say but you know people like stand and they just like don't do anything with her hands. Like they're just standing there like put your hand in your pocket or something. Yeah, I was gonna say when they went back to the room for the first time you could see there was a little awkwardness yet. We may also have a fucking camera crew around them. They have a camera crew be they just know each other for 10 days, you know what I'm saying? So and I was thinking like I love the concept, you know. Yeah, like because I really do believe you should fall in love with somebody for who they are. Not what they look like. Like I really believe that and I look at my past. Like I've had I've had a lot more people fall in love with me. Then I've fallen in love with people and I think that's because I got to know them. Like through work, you know as friends or whatever like that and then people would approach me and now I'm sorry. I'm not interested in you in that way and it wasn't because I wasn't physically attracted to the people. I just didn't emotional emotionally attached but I like that concept because I think the world that we live in is a shit right is shit. Like I think it's all very based on looks and vanity and all of that and I think the I The key points get overlooked overshadowed by the beauty a lot of it. Yeah. I think the idea of the show is great. I love the idea. I do think though that physical attraction is a lot for me. Like if I fell in love with somebody in those pods because of like the emotional attachment, but then we met up and I wasn't physically attracted to them. I feel like that would change it for me. Like that would be really hard for me. You know, I don't know because I depend I yeah, I was gonna say I don't know because I think if you really fall truly, you know, I see and that bothered me to that was my first like as soon as it started. I'm like everybody here looks like a goddamn model. Yeah, so it's not really truly love is blind. Why didn't you have somebody that had three eyes or 12 couples or you know, super obese? Or one leg, you know like to me that's truly love is bright right because know everybody on the show is good. Everybody was beautiful all the men were hot all the women were beautiful. So it really to me was and then the one girl I think Kelly was talking about how she gained like 40 pounds and I'm like, okay so they have somebody and then when I saw her in a bikini, I'm like she's not even overweight we talking about here. So maybe they'll get that feedback for next season and there will incorporate some more diversity. T II think I would have been a little more interested if it was a little more diverse because you'd be like, oh, what are they gonna do when they see that person? Yeah. I can. Yeah, like is it truly love is blind, you know, like I mean half of the people in the came out and met the people they were like, oh my God, you're so high. Oh my God. Have you see he's hotter than I imagined - oh my God, Justin. Oh, I know you got to say Damien and you know what? She's I love them. He's my favorite. She raised you and Julian Michael's her like raspy voice and her nose. I don't know there's something about her. I just think she's stunning. First of all, she's stunning, but I just think they're so good together. I do. I think she's a little more of a horned or a dog and I think he was a little more like emotionally like you'll see how they work that out. But I know she's like I want to jump on top of my check. I am your dessert. That's her name giannina, but me well before I end I don't know. They're just so cute. They love they really are cute. I followed her on Instagram yesterday. Oh, really? Yeah. I think I love that couple. I see I have three I like all three of them if you guys are interested in starting your own podcast. If you didn't know we hosted through an app called anchor and it makes it so freaking easy. So let me explain for a second. It's completely free a lot of websites make you pay monthly. This one is free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your Podcast right from your phone or your computer? So it's super simple anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so many more so you can make money for your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make it in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I like Damien and Gina really pretty name. Giannina. I like Kevin and Kelly. Like I said, I think they don't have drama. Uh, I think they're naturally things very well connected to get right. So I think that's why they're not in the spotlight because there's no you know, like of course Squirtle for know you were a little bit dirty. They are like the young right and the drama, you know, it's all about the drama. I mean Barnett and Jessica and Amber took all the drama because of the situation. Yeah, isn't it crazy to Carlton piss me off. Oh piss me off because I was like, you know what? He listened find he has he has some history. Say that in the Pod. Yeah, that should have been talked about that's the only thing that I didn't agree with and he said well if I told you on the very first day, would you have you don't have to learn their very first date? Yeah, you know tell her a couple into it don't propose don't do all this and then tell her and then get mad at her for feeling some sort of way about it. You know, I don't watch the show basically this couple like they fell in love whatever but he is bisexual and he did admit in the past and he never told her until after. Perfect changing point for someone and I think I think she was maybe willing to be okay with it essentially what his attitude. Oh, it's disgusting what even when they were sitting in the hotel room before did you see the way he was talking to her? Yes. What the fuck but you told her. Yeah. I think that's it because he was scared and hiding shit, right? He was like nervous ya at but she was like what the fuck what's like, you can tell yeah, you could tell and I was just like, oh my God. I wasn't voting for them. He came off in the beginning as a very cocky. Yes narcissistic and then it was like, okay. I think I'm starting to like him but I always saw those qualities where it's more about him. And even this the way the whole situation went down it was about him. He threw his hat. Fuck. What about her feelings. How about I think it would have worked out if he wasn't so dramatic. Oh, absolutely. Like I said, I think she really she's like I prayed on it. I stayed up. Up, I thought about it last night and I'm ready to talk to her. She's like as long as you really want to know you want to be with a woman now, right and fine and then he just got ugly about it and then gonna close our bitch. I think it hurt her. Oh, yeah. Fuck that's when she was like, fuck you. Fuck you. Yeah, take my glass of whatever. I was drinking. It's in your face. I would have did the same. I don't I don't know how I would have reacted. But you know, what? Fuck you you just even though it was only 10 days or whatever it was you let her on that's a life. Like that's him. And that's what she says. She was like you can't accept me for what I am or whatever and she's like, but you didn't tell me who you really were. And so after you proposed to me then that and then he's like nobody ever accepts me. Well, that's because you fucking portray yourself for one way, but he said that like nobody ever accepts me for it when he was like talking to the camera and when they were doing the pods and then when they were sitting there by the pool, he was like everybody except me. I've never had a I've never I know it's exactly what I said. I'm like, he's contradicting himself. He's like, I've never had anybody have a problem with this like what you cry on TV. Saying that everybody does never accept you exactly what the fuck about backtracking a little bit. I think she was more hurt that like you didn't like geolocate express that to me. Like why did you have to hide that for my for so long? Right like and I feel bad for her. You saw a real tears, you know, sort of off camera sort of thing. You know, it's on camera. Yeah. I'm by scammers are far away, you know, and she got choose emotional. She was hurt. She allowed herself to be vulnerable and opens up. That's the same way. I feel about Mark, you know, and I cannot believe that Mark went back like agreed and then I know I would have been like fuck you. I'm your second choice - but this is a long time before like I was surprised that he did because he was like my mom raised me. I know what I bring to the table. I'm not going to be somebody second fiddle and then he went back to her. Anyway, let's see and he was like, oh, I can't just shut off my feelings for her. Don't you understand? She's playing you, you know, and then just the way she was like, oh, I don't think we should touch or hold hands or kiss or make love. I feel like like I think we have to start getting physical me while she would have been like fucking all over Barnett. Yeah, she's like he's usually go for like bigger guys. You know that are just like Baker like just like any a mark is not a bad-looking dude. She's being so mean bigger. Oh my God youyou went on a show called Love is Blind Hannah? Hello? Hello, you know, he's not your typical. Well, whatever. Your typical is is obviously failing you because you're 34. A single and complaining about it. Oh, you know, so maybe you need to stop going for the jocks. Stop going for the little fat boy looking guys and get your shit together. I don't think she's gonna make it through the wedding. I don't think I haven't gotten to that point, but that's just not hypothesis. I definitely don't think they're gonna make it to the wedding. Obviously. I saw the did you see the previews of like somebody was running away in a wedding dress thing. I can't do this. I have a feeling fell. Oh I see that I would have said I can't do this with you right away. She fell on her ass. Oh, she fell off and herself. Am I good for you? Just kidding. I'm sorry. That sounds terrible. I just don't I highly just like people like that like she literally she would go on a date with Mark and Then followed up on a date with Barnett or vice versa and then her feelings would be like, oh my God. I'm so in love with him. Oh my God. I'm so in love with him and it's like what and Barnett listen he was an asshole, but he was very Honest from the beginning. He's like I have feelings for three different women right three different. I love qualities about three exact phrase trying to figure it out. He was sort of honest about that and I appreciate that. I do think he's a little bit of a jerk if he doesn't remind me of one of my son's friends, right? Like do you know who I'm talking about? Yes looks just like him crazy. I think he looks like Nick Jonas Barnett. Nick Jonas, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. But anyways, but yeah, so I don't know I want to watch the rest of the show. I have a little home today. So I don't know, you know, that sounds like an Alia type show but maybe if I go upstairs and she's sleeping I can catch, you know, watch a little bit of it. I'm gonna ever but isn't it crazy? How many people were on the show and only that many Found Love Like think about when they were like in the house like talking after I was I 800 so many other girls and guys that were there that like didn't make it through the Well, I think that's the reality of it right? Sometimes it's not going to work and you know, so now it's what like for couples is it for giannina Jessica Lauren? Oh five then because Amber and Kelly and Kelly so far. It's a half literally half of them made it through. Yeah, and I think Kelly and Kevin definitely going to make it to the wedding. Oh my God, only say this because the other ones separated. Oh Carlton and what was her name lime and diamond? Yeah. Yeah, I feel so bad for her man. He was so mean he was very mean. He should have ended so funny I turned around and I was like because she was she said something like I'm leaving alone or whatever and I'm like, you should just put her put a dress on fix you. Ace fucking when I say pictures, I'm sorry fish your face. I meant like wipe her tears off her, you know fix your face and fucking take advantage of the fact that you're a Mexico. I need somebody who really, you know what I'm saying? Like go mingle II do love that. I think whether it work out or not work out. I think everybody is going to leave there with a different perspective perspective on relationships. People are gonna go you know, what let me stop looking at the pretty boy type of the pretty girls have got it. Always look for and let me open up just get to know somebody exactly so I do like I said, I do like the concept of it. I didn't like that. Everybody was model. Perfect. I mean they all like weren't perfect. They were all beautiful. That's the way to you see that like meet the families and you'll see like the real I mean, yeah, they're all good-looking. You're right, but of course, it's make up a marriage. Perfect. Right? I mean like you'll get to see like their real life. Mmm. They just see it coming up a preview of an episode and they were like arguing over like her cleaning up after him and I don't even remember what couple it was but and I was like, he's see like yeah, it's it's very easy and my opinion is especially physically see I think emotionally like if you can't see a person and you could deeply connect with them to me that's more of a love if you see somebody across the bar and you're like, I want to fuck that dude. Ooh, yeah, that's lust and less can be an amazing fucking thing. Don't get me wrong. But really it's only going to take you so far, you know, so being able to connect with somebody emotionally just amazing. So very interesting show it is it is that I said, I want to watch it. How do you not have brought it up and it's a show right? So even though it's it's It's a show so it's for entertainment purposes. You know, when I really do hope that not that more people walk away happy than with broken heart. I know I like I said, I know Mark is going to have a broken heart and you could see his tears you could hear that. He really feels for her. Wow. She doesn't do anything for him, but he could do so much better. Now. They have an hour if I'm not mistaken. I heard them say mentioned. Our so they have an hour date with each person. They're showing us a minute minute above you each couples interaction. So we don't know how deep they really get and we don't know but for him to really say that about her, you know, like we're seeing the did see something. We don't know how she really is right. I just don't like what they're betraying her to me. Wait. Yeah. I don't which is probably how she really is obviously but there I think they emphasize people's good. Points and bad points and I think she just has a lot more bad points. Also she drinks too much and the social settings and that's when she blabs. I was going to say listen just the other night when when Barnett had said to her. Yeah, I mean they were doing Truth or Dare and he was like, I don't know the weight. She was just like slurring her words a little bit like you can always help and she was right again. Where do you want to be you're ready to have kids. Meanwhile look at your fucking hot mess, you know. Fuck I was gonna say something that I forgot. Oh, I love the way that Damien and Janine is proposal as I thought that was so funny. I did I liked it. She's very like boss bitch like You know like self-confidence, right? Like I did like it I gotta say for a minute. I was like, what's happening? Oh, yeah. I did like that. Yeah, and I do think they make a very good couple. Yeah, I agree the situation with Carlton though reminded me that so the bachelor came on this week. Finally. I've been dying to watch it and I wanted to see your input on this situation. I'm so interested to see your opinion on it. Well, I don't watch it. They can have to fill me in. Okay, go ahead. I'm listening. Okay, I guess I less than n type and you Attention, but I'm listening. I'll say something to her while she's typing and then I'll sitting literally sit here for like 30 seconds when it happens so much more often lately and I'm like Mike Alia will be listed that you needs an allele just be staring at me. I'm like what she was my just ask him something, you know, like what and it's not I wasn't on my phone and like you just said something and ever I'll just look at me like oh my God. God you're going nuts. What did you say good? It's just cuz you know, it's usually just hectic. I have dogs husband just came home daughter talking to me and it's like sometimes I do miss out on times. I should put myself on mute switch for a little bit. I do hmm. Yeah, that's a man get on here having back to my happy place some burritos Pizza. Oh God. Okay. All right. So what Bachelor? Okay, so he's down to the last three girls. Okay, and one of the girls nobody likes because she's dramatic. They're always arguing there. She's always crying and he always goes back to her whatever and it's like a joke that like the producers are like paying him to like keep her on for some drama. And then one of the other girls is 23, she's super sweet like a lot of people like her and then the third girl her name is Madison. And she's super religious. She told him that but she signed up for the bachelor right at the end of The Bachelor. They go to Fantasy Suites and he gets intimate with the girls and she's saving herself for marriage but never told him and so right before they went. Well the called also right before they went to the fantasy suite. She was like, I just want you to know that if you're intimate with other women like I won't be able to continue but that's what she said. She didn't say I'm saving myself for marriage. She just said if you're The Other Woman Like I won't feel comfortable with it and I won't be able to continue but when he's down to the last three, she said that now everybody has their theories on it. They're like, that's fine. Like there's there's nothing wrong with asking him not to sleep with other women six days before he might propose but at the same time it's like you signed up for this bachelor. You know, what's going to happen Okay, so I was going to say here's my thoughts on that. I mean, she's a sweet girl. I've never watched like I've never been come become watch. I may have had it on TV for a few minutes here that I've never watched never knew people's names. I know it's a huge show in so many people love it. Here's my thing on it though. You're signing up for the bachelor. Hmm. You know what? It's about. Yeah. I personally could never do that. I cannot never start having feelings for a man who I know in five minutes is going to go to the next woman who he I know he has feelings. Yeah, I could never have sex or be intimate even kissing a man that I knew five minutes before but you have that so you never signed up for the show, so Addison I'm sorry, you shouldn't have signed up because you know what the show is a lot is about see that's what I think to it. Listen. I completely respect that she standing up for herself and she's like, I can't go against my values. I can't go against my morals beautiful to you. Yes, such like a good trick and a person but at the same time you're kind of giving him an ultimatum of like, hey don't sleep with the other women or you gotta choose me. You know, she said it in a nice way and she's like listen, I don't want to put you under pressure. I don't want to make this for you, but I'm just letting you know, like I won't be able to continue. And they love the Cliffhanger on this episode sayonara. I don't know. I don't know. He might keep her as well try to get our dries and then the end of this episode was her walking away from him, but you never said I'm going home. She never said anything and that was the Cliffhanger. Let's say a lot of it too is like you don't just like we were just saying about the other show. You don't know what happens behind closed doors. If you don't know how emotionally attached they are to each other and he may just be like, you know what I know absolutely deep down like She's the one for me sort of thing and he might decide that I think why she waited was because if you say that in the beginning, it could just push him away right away and just like he might kick her off. But if he falls in love with her and at the end, she says that that it gives him like oh, but I love her and I think that's willing to I think that's what Colton was thinking. I think Colin was like, alright. Well now she loves me wearing a is your blow. Let me tell her that I was with men. Yeah. No like I think from the biggest You are you're in a pod or you're just meeting I think the deep and that's what I think at one point. One of the guys was telling Barnett. This is all great and fun. The games are fun. But you should be taking this time to the important things like your values are what should be discussed in the room having not how you can't wait to jump their bones not. Oh my God. What do you look like? Tell me what you look like? No, this is the opportunity where you should really really learn the things like hey, I'm bisexual. Hey, I want to wait while not a different show, but same concept like till marriage. I want to wait until marriage that shit in. My opinion should be said in the beginning and I understand on The Bachelors. She'd probably got thrown out earlier. Like I understand the concept of that but you're playing with people's emotions at that point in my opinion. I know and he was like, I can't sit here and lie to you. This is really uncomfortable. But I have been intimate with other women and I was like, oh God and then they're in the house like so it's the fantasy suite is like he has a night with each girl and she was the last one of course the so she's sitting there talking to the other girl that just had a fantasy suite night with him and she was like, you know, yeah, I just want people to continue if he like got into someone else in the girls. Just sitting there like we had sex last night and there were so many memes on Twitter was funny like Hannah and sitting there being like well I was like when I was watching watching a child if that's a word but I was watching Love is Blind when they met and they were talking about the intimacy and you just saw and it's funny because I was just go to Mark every time like they were talking about. Oh my God, he's just like he's let me take another shot. Let me take another shot and they are his girl is over there flirting with Barnett. So I want to just go to the screen and puncher even though I don't condone. I don't condone any people but I just wanted to punch her but sweet guy. He deserves like a really good girl. Yes, such a sweet guy. Yeah like so I do think like Like maybe too much like I think he should have yes, he needs I think we should have held his I'm not somebody second fiddle thing and just rejected her and I think she knew she had that power over him and said I want to try for Barnett first. Oh Bernadette doesn't want me. Oh, let me try for then. I'll go to him. That's a problem that person and was just like she was like I should have chose to him. It wasn't her choice though, you know, yeah, you didn't see what he looked like. Sorry. That's Game boob. Oh damn it. She's a hot mess wait to watch the next few episodes. All right, I'm definitely looking forward to it. Did you watch any of the shows? No, see she said Jerry I want you to watch Love is Blind, so I didn't talk about it. If it's real quick you guys we get questions all the time about where to listen to our podcast and clearly you found something because you're listening right now, but I wanted to tell you about Spotify if you're not familiar, you can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts All In In place for free you don't even need a premium account. But if you do have a premium account, you can listen offline and download things so that you can listen when you don't have Wi-Fi, which is great for traveling and you can follow very podcast so you don't miss an episode. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for a girl and her mother-in-law in the browse podcast section and make sure you follow so you never miss an episode of a girl on her mother-in-law enjoy lock and key and the airport one laughing Kay. I mean let them tell you that you're going to hear about it. I don't is a logged in. He is so good. The very first stop. Okay the way I've said it before I saw I hate repeating myself, but the way it seems in like just a little Yeah Bang on TV. It doesn't seem like something I would be interested in and I just are trying to find time we have overcooked to play too, you know of another I did my job. You asked me to watch this and I said, I'm not going to watch it to you watch it. And I did anyway because I don't want to let my listeners down they wanted to know so you have my input on it. I am a little behind so I'm gonna go catch up but also that TSA one, I love that show and I was so sad because it was only episode season 2 was on Hulu and it only had eight episodes and we went through them because it was so excuse me. So entertaining but then I was looking on Netflix for something similar and when I typed in to catch a Smuggler another show came up, but it's the exact same people so Different it's a different show. But it's the same concept, you know, like it's just there's more edited it a different way certain things. You see this is like the border crossings like into Toronto like if you drive up through Canada, it has things like that. So it's sort of the same thing. I do like the other one better, but I have there's one season on Netflix and it's got 20 episode. So I'm excited because now it could keep me and ever and Alia because that's something that we all like watching together. Okay, so Zane and I will try one of Those with our dinner tonight. Okay, locking K trilok and cake that first. Okay, I'll maybe because our listeners watched it too is in the group which is why I watched it. So thank you and also Harlow's harlots something like that. Somebody posted the group way back when the group first started and I watched that that was like right after I think my back surgery and I literally like just went through that one. That's like an back in the olden days and it was like kind of she was that it was very interesting very Sexual you saw a lot of sex because it was about a guy will like yeah, it was a very I was like a whorehouse basically love that. Yeah, like it's like a whorehouse. Oh, please. Yeah, but it was really interesting and I usually don't like that kind of like history kind of show but it was just about sex. Yeah, it's all about it was all about Zen. I wouldn't like it probably yeah talking about sex speaking of sex. We're going to read some emails about Sex if you're new here, welcome to a girl in her mother-in-law where we upload episodes when every month a Thursday 5:00 a.m. EST exactly on the dot. So if you want to come back and join we're on Apple app podcast app works Spotify and we're also on the anchor up if you want to download that that's like where we host our podcast from and we answer emails on our podcast. So if you are listening and you want to send in any emails you can Send them to I'll go podcast at gmail.com. It's a gah Mi L podcast at gmail.com. It's just the abbreviation of our podcast. Wait. Can I just say something? Okay my feet. I know I told you about that sensation where I feel like something is ringing. Oh my foot like okay, but the last like two days Alyssa my feet Like I get these Sensations I say it's like like I'm being electrocuted like a CO it's so bad and then I'll go my football going through like a charlie horse and like my toes. You know what I'm talking about. Like when your toes lock the worst freaking shit, right? But yesterday I was lying down. I just wasn't feeling great. I was watching Love is Blind and it started again with my My thigh like I had the baby alien in there and then it went into like this really quick spasm like right above my knee and now the back of my thigh feels like I did some major exercise yesterday and I think it's because all the spasming I think it like you tired out my workout. Yeah exactly. That's exactly one side on one side on my right leg my I'm telling you it was the craziest shit. I'm sitting there watching Love is Blind. I'm like, can you I'm talking to my mom. I can you stop you're distracting me, but now Today just I feel it like like if I had a full-blown workout, it's crazy. It's so weird. So it's like I wish that I wish my nerves affected my stomach love just ab workout my stomach for me. I'm so bad with like the bodily things like, you know, when you get a cut on your finger like throbs. Oh, yeah. It drives me fucking nuts. It like grosses me out so bad. I don't know how you have something like that. Oh, it would drive me nuts would freak me out. I picture like little worms in my leg or something. Oh my God. Is it does sometimes it gets me and it really like it's like can we just stop? Yeah, I mean there's been times that I've been in the car driving and I'll go to wipe my leg because I feel like Waters dripping on it like just think of like the station of like water dripping. No, but there's nothing there so it's nerves nerves are crazy. Very crazy. Alright, let's get into sex. Let's start. I just have to tell you that I felt like my legs my leg didn't work at one. We're done some squats. Listen, Jerry my name oh, we're also hang it. All right Bri Bri. Yeah. Hi brain first off. I've listened to all of your podcast and I'm obsessed and I knew as soon as this happened I needed your advice. Oh, the second line is BFFs brother for the sex episode. Oh just that the story. I met my best friend Lilly when we were nine. We're 23 now and I instantly became very close with her family. I always brought along our I was always brought along. On family trips and got invited to all the family functions her brother Tony who is about two years older was always there but always treated me like a kid. It was always joked about that joked about it amongst both mine and Lily's families at Tony and I would end up dating her married got it around the age of 18. Lily would always get mad because she said Tony and I were to close and that she thought it was weird because it seemed like we were dating in 2018. I moved from California to Montana. The guy that I've been dating because that I've been dating for a while and Tony didn't take it very well what eventually my ex and I broke up because he cheated on me and when Tony caught wind of it he offered to drive the 20-plus hours to come and get me. I eventually moved home on my on my own. This was September 2019 and it was great to have Lillian Tony to help me deal with the depression. I fell into fast forward a few months into just a few months to December Tony and his girlfriend break up. I flew out and visited my ex. I hadn't seen Seen him since August when I got back. I was very confused. I fell asleep at Tony and Lily's house in their mom's room. She wasn't home and I woke up to Tony covering me with a blanket after about 20 minutes. I hear a loud noise. So I decide to investigate it was Tony. He was looking for the crown they had kept in the freezer and he said hey, do you want to take shots with me? We've drank plenty of times together and I of course said yes, because I know drinking by yourself isn't very fun. And it was only about midnight. I'd be like girls way past my bedtime after a couple of hours of Walking in him learning that I'd only slept with two people before and me finding out that he had had way more. He started flirting. We both have very flirty personality, so it wasn't surprising to me that he was being very playful one thing led to another and we kissed in his mom's bed. We moved to his room where things got even more hot and heavy and I'm very much a pleaser and when we realized we couldn't have sex with him because I wasn't on birth control, and he didn't have a condom. I knew I still wanted him to come one thing led to another and I ended up swallowing. And we went to separate rooms and after and I promise not to tell anyone after it happened. He acted really weird towards me and even got back with his ex. So, here's my question. What do I do? Do I wait it out to see if things go back to normal. Do I talk to him about it? So I have this was a long. I just don't know what to do help and she attached pictures with Tony and Lily quote. I need a little more detail here. Is she still friends with her best friend? Maybe he just felt weird about it, and he just wanted To not do it again. Yeah, but should you talk to him about it? I think it should be left alone. I agree because I think if it was something I should have been more it would have been it would have been either meaning he would have been like, oh my God, you know, he would have did that shit that ever. Does that drive him crazy, honey last night. My God, no, don't talk about it. Yeah, but I definitely thought I definitely think my gut reaction is he got a blow job out of the deal, you know, that's what I think and I think you gave him a blowjob and like I think that's where your story ends. I think it was just like a complicated. Yeah, and I think you know how you would you have a couple of drinks you had a little fun you were flirting and just move on, you know, like I definitely wouldn't do anything while but yeah, I'd move on as a little sticky situation right here. Oh, I love this is an embarrassing sex story. Okay. Hi. Listen, Jerry. You can say my name its Aaron. I've been listening since episode one and I've watched Alyssa's Vlog since the renovation Series. Yeah May times. I read that thank you. I know a lot of people found me through that. We need to renovate another place. Let's get on it. We should just start flipping houses. I'm fucking tired of people always wanted to do that and obviously physically now I can't but whatever don't I would hire someone to do spackling and adding and all that. Yeah. That was the part that took forever and drove me nuts. Hmm. Okay. So let's get straight to the story my boyfriend and I've been having sex recently and when we and we love when I'm on top riding him and it lets us both have the control we want anyways, I was super gas see that day, but it didn't stop us but just as we're getting into it I farted so loud and we both busted out laughing for a good couple of minutes straight. It was so funny. And I'm glad I have a man who doesn't care. After battling with me and made me feel so comfortable. Thank you guys for taking the time to read my am email you both are Inspirations to me and I enjoy every single episode love from Ohio you inspire us. Yeah. What the fuck? Listen? I know all this insane just don't do that. But if I can goes again, I can't talk about this anymore. You guys I quit hi it's so it's so weird. I cannot even imagine now what I was going to say this It's so freeing like if you could just fart in front of him and not have to like run to her bathroom a going another room run. I walk my pretty ass over there. Okay, go ahead. What's the difference between that and a queef a queef is a pussy fart and if our doesn't ask for it her ass for it because it was she was so she queefed you control a queef. It just happens, right? You can't hold it in like you can hold a fart in. Yeah, please you can't I mean listen ever tells me all the time, honey. Don't pull down your fart because you know you could explode. So cute. I love my ever. Okay sex scared sex. Oh, that's the title. Okay, what's Poppin ER buddy? I swear I scream that line every time. Oh my God, if you at home say was popped everybody with me. You're a real MVP you're saying my name is Emma and I'm from a little ish town in Australia called Wagga Wagga Wagga Wagga. So here's the thing. I'm 22. Almost 23, February 20th, okay. Happy birthday. I think I think she mentioned that on Facebook. Oh and I still haven't had sex. I know it's not a bad thing and I can be a good thing. I guess the right guy just hasn't come to me yet. I mean, I don't want my first time to be some hump and dump wanted to be special and mean something right. Anyways, here's the problem. He the thought of sex fucking terrifies me like I know sex the beautiful magical thing, but for me, it's just like dude. What the fuck like what if the dick don't fit? What if I fucking Bloody murder when he puts it in what if I creep on him? I'm just like I'm just gonna go down the fucking list here like where y'all like that were where y'all like that. Oh, we're y'all like that. I guess my question is is that normal for me to think so much into sex and to be so scared. Am I being a little bitch? I know I love you too. Everyone's first times are awkward and scary but I don't know man when the time is right, it will happen for me and I'll probably end up becoming some fucking sex. XXXX sex-crazed Maniac, I agree. Another question for y'all ladies when you're just laying there in the bed with y'all man. And you scratch your ass. And your man sees is he all like oh hell yeah, baby. That's so fucking hot. Let's do it. Like I'll be able to will I be able to scratch my ass without a fuck. I swear my mind man. Anyways, I hope it made sense and was entertaining for y'all. I just want to say I hate when people write you all because I'm so not a person that says y'all and it just feels so unnatural to be like y'all. I would say off. I don't say that if Weird, I just want to say I love you both so so much so fucking much and the love I have for you is insane. I can't even put it into words. I won't get much into the sappy shit because I'll just be crying like a little bitch. But thank you so fucking much with his podcast. I would be so lost without this and the group by we love you so much and she put a picture of a cat. So I love you even more dog are to her cat wait her cat or she and her dog Ali. Oh God, that was fucking funny. You're fucking hysterical. Okay, I was sad. Picture of you here because I want to put a picture to your face is a face to the story The Deck will fit. Don't worry. That's it will fit over a little bit. I would definitely recommend Lube. Let's put you first time presenting blue. I think. All right. I'm going to tell you my opinion. I think the older you get the more terrified it becomes really because when you're young you're dumb young dumb and broke, but I think you know like she has time now she knows more about what it is. is whatever I mean if you're 15 16 getting having your first experience versus being 23 you have a lot more time you're an adult now so you I think you have a lot more time to think about what it's going to be scarier when you're younger really yeah you're like your tighter so it's like hurts more it to break your hymen I'm just terrifying her she's never gonna wanna have sex it's gonna hurt the first few times you know hmm unless you're really athletic I was not athletic so nothing was going on down there but I'm not like you could have possibly broken your hymen already and when she said she you know she scratches the rest is she going to get fucked and probably can I just tell you something every time like like any single time like my back's really bothering me I was like I'll give you a back rub and I'm like no because I know a back rub oh he's risen to sucks I don't want so we do want sex don't get me wrong because I'm a horndog but sometimes like when my back is really bothering me here I can't physically like I want some mint leaf Of course, but like physically it's like you'll definitely get in the shower here and then I feel like bad because it's like fuck I just want to fuck are you serious? Probably if you get out the shower, you definitely hear you man running after you and some titties pressure like no doubt about that waiting for you to drop your towel. Are you being a little bitch? No, are you gonna scream bloody murder at know put a socket? Oh, no. Put a sock in it you won't scream but it is going to hurt and you gotta be with somebody that's patient and we'll take it slow with you. Right? Let's see. What else did she say? I know there was a lot of things here. I think that's it. Will I be able to scratch my ass without a fuck? I mean, I don't want my first time to be a hump and dump right? She's like right my right and I don't know because maybe maybe maybe you just want a hump and done I do whatever feels right you guys do whatever feels right for you have some drinks. So listen up they want to do an anal. Oh my God. Am I love you? Happy Birthday. Thank you for being so wonderful. Thank you for liking to ourself. Yeah, we love that. Well that for you. All right funny sex story. Okay funny sex story. Hey y'all my boyfriend and I were Jason big caps. No, but listen, it says hey all and I automatically did. Hey y'all. Hey y'all my boyfriend and I have been together for eight years and a couple of years ago. We got a home. We got home from the bar and we're home. We got home. We got home from the bar and we started to get freaky, of course after a night out. We were pretty drunk. My boyfriend was mithras talking dirty and all of a sudden he says fuck me in the pussy, babe. Okay. He stops he sows we look at each other like like the fuck and he goes I mean, Never laughed so freaking hard mid sex. We still laugh about it to this day. I usually listen to your podcast that night in bed. Oh, I mean, okay, beautiful and old episodes continue to play after my boyfriend gets up for work much or earlier than I do and usually and sorry and recently told me he likes to listen in the morning and gets a good laugh before work. Oh my God. We love you. Even if you want to get fucked in the pussy. I told him how funny it would be if I sent an email and hear our story. So here it is. Hope it made makes the podcast it sure does it sure did dude listen when you're in the mood. Have you ever said anything? She did you say tonight, but don't over text message on accident. Like I've been like I love you baby girl, and I'm just like wasn't thinking while I was typing like I've done that work during sex. No, I would be fucking mortified. So turned off. I think it would be fucking hysterical historical. Absolutely. It would be hysterical laughing for sure, but I would not be able to tell sex right after that. We're gonna have to wait till next week now and I kind of here I'll fuck you. You pussy if you want to, you know, suck my dick. Fucking Heat of the Moment. I can clearly understand how that just fucking cook. You know, I can use imagining her wanting to say that that's what it was. She probably said it to him and I think he was like, yeah, baby just fuck me a big pussy. Imagine just be like, oh my God, I want you to suck my dick so bad like that would never come out of my mouth because I don't have dead. Oh good it is he that's fucking hysterical. I love that. He like listen to us and gets a good laugh. So this one's for you boo. Yeah you and your pussy. You gave us a good laugh. Yeah, thank you. She's hurt. That's fucking hysterical. That was great. Thank you so much, man. All right funny after sex story. Hi. I'm from Switzerland and I'm a midwife in a hospital where sometimes we help doctors when they have Gynecology emergencies. Okay last week. We got a call from the ambulance telling us that they are on their way here with a girl a girl with bleeding. After her first time having sex we got it out guys. Don't worry. We got this together. Okay me my Midwife co-worker and the doctor were joking about the fact that the situation cannot be that bad and that it'll be a young girl. Okay, then I got a call from the doctor and he asked me if I can go and help him. The girl was gushing blood and she said she was not feeling good anymore. Okay, he's freaking me out. We went do you want me to take over? I know I got a haircut. We got to give her medication to stop the bleeding and we tried to stitch. Each the artery that was okay continue. Okay, we got to give her medication to stop the bleeding and he tried to stitch the artery that was lacerated and gushing out blood from her vagina wall. Then I got some information. She was a 41 year old who had sex for the first time that night with her husband who is more than more or less 25 years old. They did it so hard maybe some funny toys so hard that she's had to And the night in the hospital stitched up and with a blood loss of 700 milliliters more than a normal vaginal birth where Craig laughing Craig Cliff laughing. What's crazy laugh and almost be Switzerland. Okay. She probably will never have sex again. I felt so bad for her crazy laughing. Yeah, probably crazy laughing. Hope you get the idea about situation. Love you podcasts. You keep me company. I don't know because sometimes we're like like the dartie thing like we're like is that typo and everyone's like it's a day. T oh my God, that was fucking hysterical and you know, listen I moles but I would expect you of to have known that I didn't go to college forget about college don't you have darties no never mess with dartie a family Barbecue. Yeah a guardian, but this could be cray laughing could be just a typo or it could be a term. I think like many crew laughing. Okay, Mom. Holy shit. Holy shit. Holy shit. I think if I was her I'd probably never have sex again if that was my first experience at 41 years old to my husband who is only 25 years old he must have any five to six seven days and I think what you want but she also said could be some freaky toys they're probably like let's put a carrot up there fuck it oh my God see you guys don't feel bad this girl's 40 watt and lost her virginity do whatever the hell you just don't we just be careful don't use like freaky toys that are gonna last a right you're an artery in your vagina wall don't use a use a toy that's not supposed to be a toy doesn't actually a knife okay oh Jerry didn't leave you want about a butter knife don't say that Philly use one about it but I want about the butter knife I want to revisit it no oh Alyssa I'm sorry this is a short one I love that there also are coming to me today hi Jerry and Alyssa I'll get straight answer would love you when my boyfriend goes down on me his beard is like scratching me a bit and I'm just wondering if your men are scratching you down there or am I just too sensitive love you guys it adds to the fun it doesn't hurt it's to the fun you kinky bitch yeah there's AIDS like yeah baby take my beard a little bit tongue no here let me stop stop yeah like that less yeah beard know here's here's your stuff I just turn it off now I don't like it for kissing because it irritates my face but yeah I don't mind it down there okay fuck Do you mind it everything got that little goatee thing so he doesn't come on. Maybe I should ask Alyssa says she likes the beard thing. So, can you like don't bring zombie insane when you rub your little go see on my face. I'm just hanging while he's eating me out it I don't mind it. That's so fucking buddy. Imagine like baby. I need you. Oh your mom's gonna love listening to this. One Amory. Wait, what about when your dad look like Santa when he had that full? I actually liked him like that that look that your dad had he looked very old because his hair is like gray. Yeah, but I like that look on him with the beard. Yeah, but Amory do you like the beard stop? All right. We need to move on. We gotta move on Milan amazing sex story. Okay, what pop and ladies? My name is Liz bet. Let's bet let's pack respect like I've been listening. October 20 19 my God we all VM VIP I'm letting you ladies say my name because I don't think that anyone I know actually listens well she's just really hope you're right we lost use disclaimer we are not responsible for any of this in writing an email and when I don't I think I got diarrhea and any what are we read that I just want you to say that you ladies are amazing and inspire me to have a relationship like yours with my mother-in-law even though she only speaks Spanish I have always been interested in sending an email but the anal on accident really made me do it oh boy okay you know an accident episode so I guess that is where we're going with all right my boyfriend and I have been together for five years now just say hola como estas there are Spanish mother-in-law hola como estas maybe I need to yeah gracias mmm-hmm There You Go sir Spanish lesson for you for free you're welcome so you can imagine all the sex that we have had all the times before have been ranging from good to Fantastic the other week we had the house to ourselves because my boyfriend still lives with his parents we had enough time to be intimate before we had to leave so we said why not and started making out we tried a few positions that were new and some that were our favorites he put me onto my knees and little did I know that he going to make me squirt I have made myself squirt before but this time was fantastic I legitimately couldn't walk after my legs felt like spaghetti noodles after being cooked he asked me if I liked his new trick only to follow up with telling me that he learned it on YouTube let's just say that in the five years together he has never made me orgasm like that I've attached the pictures of us together because I know you like them also sorry for making it long I tried to make a double spaced and I couldn't figure it out so I just made the letters large we like large letters all right let me look too oh that's so good he looks it up on YouTube that's dedication man oh my God you guys are so cute together everybody in that classic iconic picture in front of Disney I know I want to go so bad I've I'm craving traveling so bad I'm craving this drink she has in her hand I don't like a pina coladas you say that Zane made the bomb is drinking early last night you guys are super fucking cute I want to know what he did I know can I see can you wake up They want to know what video it was. Can you send it to us? Can you send it to them doesn't know about this podcast. I'm the best. I'm not I think you should do it do it do it. Put it on our Facebook. If you're in a group put it in the book and the group absolutely that's fucking hysterical. We're gonna have to switch on and off on this one. Hmm, I think the last one because yeah, okay. It's long ready ready? Hi, gorgeous lady. You gotta read the subject line. I just cleaned my panties. Oh advice desperately needed. Okay. Hi. Gorgeous. Ladies. My name is Mel. What's Poppin? Hopefully you ladies are having an amazing day. I'm from Southern California 29 years old and about to be the dirty 30 this year. I love how we have all ages. Whoo-hoo. I love that selcal. It is God. I'm finally writing an email to my favorite ladies for some advice. So let's get into it. Shall we back story when I was 20. I met this guy at work. He was 25 we started off as just co-workers. And of course the more we hung out the more feelings got involved and we started dating there were complications of course certain friends in his life got into his head stating that I was too young for him and that we couldn't work it out. So he broke things off within six months of dating. We were never official not that labels matter, but over the last 10 years. So my entire 20s have come in and out of my life and well, let's just call it. We were fuck buddies. Okay. Yes for the entire 10 years. Of course, we had each wait shit. Sorry while loop yes, because she put a comma then I didn't read the comma so it didn't flow properly. Yes for the entire ten years, of course, we had relationships with other people, but when we were both single, we somehow know he somehow knows when I am and he just hits me up via Instagram. My DMSO puts an emoji on one of my photos to get my attention and just like that. We begin talking and hooking up and hanging out going out and then things get start getting a little more serious. He pulls back and blocks me on Instagram and then disappears with no explanation. It's an endless cycle. Last time we talked and hooked up was in the back was back in the summer of 2018 and then boom November of 2019. I see him out of Green Bay Packers football game which helps which happens to be both of our favorite teams. They were playing here in Nia with a large Stadium of fans during halftime my best friend and myself decided to go get another round of beers and as we were getting our drinks all of a sudden I see him out of all the thousands of people we lock eyes with each other and just picture like a seem like a movie it was like slow motion and he comes up to me and gives me the biggest hug and ask me how I am blah blah blah. She said blahblahblah, you know, not that shit matters the game ends. I look at my phone to see he on blocked me from Instagram. And of course he hits me up in my DMs and we begin talking again, but I have yet to sleep with him, and it's February 20 20 and we are still just talking not every day, but he recently showed up at my place with a rose and a chocolate covered strawberries. My favorite young for Valentine's Day. He stayed a few hours and we had some wine and food and then he gives me a kiss. Goodbye. And that's that wait and and kiss goodbye. But it's that type of kiss that is like butter know better. It's like any time. He kisses me. It's instantly like I cream my panties. It's so beyond hot and my entire body tingles and becomes weak. Of course sex with him is beyond amazing and freaking rough best sex ever this time around after that kiss. I started to think about sleeping with him for the hell of it. Do you do mind you? I haven't slept with anyone since I hooked up with him back in 2018. Yes. It's going to be almost two years of no sex for me, but I'm currently working a full-time job and getting my PhD which is also a full-time and honestly, I I'm single and I have toys and I sex toys but I just miss being manhandled oh sorry for the long email but the advice I need is Joy sleep with him again just for the cycle to continue or do I start my 30s a new era a new a gyro of the life fresh and clear of from him completely I'm so sorry because you wrote this well and I'm still butchering it okay also do you do also do mind you we both agree we met at the wrong time but we are soul mates it's like even if we talk we don't see each other and then when we do finally it's like we never left each other the conversation so far it's a fantastic and we can just be our goofy cells with each other it's never for us it's just natural my friend to have been around since he and I met say stop talking to him and his friends who also have been around for the last 10 years tell him to give it a go with me since I guess I'm older now I don't understand but it's so hard but not hard feelings with his it's I don't understand but no hard feelings with his friends I've just stuck on do I give it a chance and start dating him and potentially a relationship that we both never got the chance to have back 10 years ago or do I give up that idea completely and just do what he always does and block him and disappear thank you for waiting this long email you two are fantastic and Beyond goals reminds me of how my mom and I are with each other and I love listening to the podcast while I'm at work at a hotel I work the graveyard shift so it's perfect time to listen keep up the the amazing content here and on your YouTube channel and with your music Alyssa you are so talented and I feel like a big sister and so proud and Jerry I wish I can go out there I wish I could go out for a ladies night and have a fantastic time drinking and chatting I hope you and ever are making up for the five months of no sexy time let's just hope you don't break his fingers from being in overdrive thanks ladies can't wait to hear him can't wait for next episode I have a test yourself and so I can't see a picture So can I see it? Oh my God. Look at her eyeballs a nice girl. Can I say something? You're fucking hot. You deserve better. Fuck him. You want a guy that's gonna keep blocking you and meeting you and then doing this and doing that and like I would just but if she could claim her panties over a kiss, they'll then you need to tell him you need to get your ass together and I'm not playing these games with you forgetting. I mean if you want the if you want to be manhandled so to speak and you can put up with the emotional see I can never do that. I get way too emotionally attached very quickly. So if I was to go have the Beck's best sex freaky he kissed me. I cream my pants kind of sex and then he blocks me until the next time where it's convenient. I would not be able to deal with that uses. She seems to be dealing with that. She knows what that relationship is about. So my opinion is if you want to be And handles then fucking do it if you want to see if it progresses and his friends are saying in your friends, whatever. I think if you are soul mates, I think now you guys are all so I think you need to have a conversation. I mean why not? Why not have a conversation be like listen, this fuck-buddy thing is great, but we're connected on different level and want to take it. Can we try to make it a serious sort of thing? I think like I think that's what you need to go with it. I mean he I don't know what he looks like but she's fucking gorgeous. He there's a slight possibility. He's intimidated by her maybe you know, so he just he what is it what the other girl right humps and dumps he bows down before you break his heart, you know, maybe he's only in it. Maybe he doesn't allow himself because he doesn't want to get heartbroken, you know, so, I don't know. I think it's worth a conversation. If not just a quick fuck who knows. It's worth a shot. But if he blocks you again fuck him. that's too much I agree well we wish you all the best we love all of you guys if you want to send any emails like we read today it's agama podcast I gmail.com agah Mi L podcast at gmail.com you can send anything request suggestions questions whatever you want to send just make sure the subject line is what you want is what the email is about I'm getting hungry again what's wrong with but it's the food thing Mary's in retrograde If you guys want to shop our merch I was time you're listening to this. Oh, we're gonna have new stuff out new stuff will be out. We're about to sit down after this podcast and get it all situated. So it will be out if you want to shop it. It's Teespring.com /og Mill go. Enjoy. Actually, it'll be a different link, but you'll find what about it differently because it's gonna be a new product. So it might be like Ugh metal 2.0 or something like that. We're gonna have to figure it out, but nonetheless Follow us on social media. I'm Melissa Rose and everything. She's already spent on everything. It'll be the Facebook group. You guys will see it somehow so new merch so fucking exciting and I love the design what I needed. Yes. It's gonna force a new t-shirt. Absolutely if you guys are interested in this podcast or if you're new here. Hi, welcome to grow on her mother-in-law. We upload episodes when every Monday Thursday 5:00 a.m. EST on the Dot listen while you're driving do laundry how exciting our to phone honest. we'll all just ridiculous today that know we love you all so much thanks for listening and we'll talk to you all next time bye guys bye