Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about how you get there because most of us don't have the power to get there. We kind of run out of the power to be disciplined the Our to keep going the power we run out of power. So that's one component. But my wife was she jokes to me. She says babe, if you were to trade wisdom will use which one would you choose? You know the thing wisdoms, I like could I go back to my twenties and be as dumb as I was in the twenties or or it wasn't where youth which one which one would you choose? And because I'm not very wise I keep saying youth every time you know, really amazing, but I grew up in the age of Obi-Wan Kenobi and May the force be with you and and and Karate Kid and the thing about Luke Skywalker. Karate Kid is that they were quite lame until they meet Obi-Wan Kenobi and their Japanese guy who could who could catch flies with a Chopsticks. Just tell me how many of you tried to catch a fly with Chopstick after karate and Karate Kid 1 some of your like what does Karate Kid 1 you only saw the Will Smith went no. No, there was another one we had to it was amazing wax on wax off and and there was there was Morpheus India and the whole thing about it was that if you gave yourself completely to the slack Jedi ninja dude, he would take you and he would make you into something phenomenal, but you had to wax on wax off wax on wax off yet here. Sorry, if you didn't watch the movie have to watch a movie, but you had to completely give yourself. To being beaten up by Mafia so that you could become the NEOS just completely give yourself to being discipled. And and then I had another message from culture and the other message was don't be discipled be yourself. Like get your own kind of special be your own different like be all you don't let anybody else control you into being like them and I'm assuming we must give thanks for that message because half of the humor in the world exists because of that message, I mean Donald Trump is just humor start to finish. It's like one thing I Lucky's his Special it's just there are people who are their own kind of special because that message no one shaped them. Like we can't pretend I did I was watching did you see the fury fat? I don't know if anybody watched The View. I don't know if I'm supposed to I'm allowed to watch the fury fired. Anyway, I watched a few fun and I said at the end of it he claims Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior was amazing because you're not expecting it from Dara and as I cleanse Jesus Lord and Savior and then he's getting interviewed. Dude, sorry, I might need that he's getting interviewed and and during the interview. I think he gets bored of the interview say just start singing a song. This is a random song and he sings along and everybody sings with him and I could see the interview was thinking to himself. I don't think I can get that Mark out of his hand. I mean the hands of out this fact, but they are in kind of special. I think we grew up more influenced by don't be shaped by anyone. Then by be discipled and so we hear the thing of you need to be disciple to you. You need to become a follower of Jesus. You need to become like him you think cult control freak you think all of those things and we push against it. But we miss that we choose youth over wisdom. And imagine we could have had wisdom given to us in our youth imagine what that would look like. You know the Jews understood this and they they had they had a concept of discipleship that actually started you have to trace it right back to the beginning. And if you're not a Christian for a while this is going to be like quite biblical stuff and then we'll make it fun again. You would be what happened. The beginning was Moses was told by God to find 70 men to lay his hands on and give them Authority. To lead Israel, the the paint the picture was Moses. You can't do this on your own get some wise Elders lay hands on them and they will will take authority over the nation what then happened tradition tells us not in the Bible tradition tells us is that those 70 men laid their hands on disciples who they pass the message on to and what you gotta understand is in the Jewish World. They knew the only thing that kept them. Get there is a nation was the word of God and so into the fabric of being a disciple was knowing the word of God. And so Gary spoke about that Lots last week how Jewish kids would grow up in the first sort of up to 10 that would learn the Torah that learn the first five books of the Testament and Old Testament to need if they were the best of the best they would learn the rest of the Old Testament up to Malachi and they would know this verbatim and and if they were the best of the best of the best that be chosen by a rabbi to become a disciple and he spoke about the privilege of that. In fact, you think about it from from Moses day through generation after generation. They were looking for the special ones who could be all they were made to be because they devoted themselves so much to the tour and a rabbi and so by the time we get to Jesus day. The only a few rabbis around the probably only about 12. And so the rabbi's would go and they would find disciples and they went to this little place called Capernaum. Now if you've been there to really beautiful today, but back in the day was very small and it became like the Harvard or the Oxford of Israel. It was where rabbis would go to choose disciples where disciples would go to be chosen by rabbis. And what they would do is because the disciples so wanted to be like the rabbi the disciple the Sturm dust the disciple wanted to be Close as the dust they wanted the dust of the rabbi to rub off on them. And what they were saying is the rabbi would pray certain prayers at certain times and and they wanted to know what they prayed they want to know how they taught each Rabbi would have his own interpretation of the scriptures and what the Jewish people believed was that if you were Rabbi you had Authority from Heaven to interpret the scriptures now is called a yoke and so each Rabbi had his own yolk and so Christians here. Us spoken of Jesus and where it says everyone was amazed at his teaching he taught with authority and not like the teachers of the religious law or the teachers of the law of Moses. And what most Christians believe when I had to them is that Jesus talked with like a Morgan Freeman voice and everyone got goosebumps and and and thought to themselves. I've never heard anything like this, but that's not what this is saying. See in those days there were teachers of the law teaches the Torah and there were rabbis teachers of the Torah would teach from the first five books of the Bible, but they were not given Authority. It was good. Sneha look at me. I've even got some Jewish words Hebrew is Shamika to interpret the scriptures. They just taught from the Torah. Then there were these special rabbis who didn't just teach from the Torah. They taught from the Tanakh as well, which is the rest of the Old Testament and they had authority to interpret the scriptures. And so when they listening to Jesus they hearing him say things like you heard it said but I tell you and they're going this guy thinks he's a rabbi. He's teaching with authority like a rabbi and they're going way. Did he get his authority from that's the question. I keep asking Jesus. Where did you get your Authority from? How did you get a 30 who appointed you because Moses appointed seventy and iron Aaron was his witness and from that day on whenever Rabbi was going to be appointed. They had to be two rabbis one Rabbi pointing another witness seeing it and they're going who appointed you because you're Carpenter so how did you send me to miss the system and become a rapper and in Jesus would always say clever stuff like this he would say because in rabbinical kind of language you are they ask that question. Then you ask the question back. I can't really understand that. I'm not clever enough. But but in that way they would get to an answer. So Jesus would say well I want to ask you a question. Did John the Baptist's baptism come from heaven or from man? Which is really sneaky of Jesus because if they said it came from heaven, then he was going to go why didn't you follow him and John the Baptist? Remember John? The Baptist was the guy who said Behold the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world where John the Baptist was doing his he was saying there. Is an anointed one sent from Human Heaven. There's a rabbi. That was the one of the witnesses and Jesus knew if they were to say John the Baptist was from heaven, then they were in trouble and if they said John the Baptist was from Earth, then they were going to get stoned. He was winning every time Jesus knew how to play the argument game. so he goes Who do you think John the Baptist from because my Shamika comes from John the Baptist and the voice from Heaven that said this is my son whom I love with him. I am well pleased and later on said this is my son. Listen to him. He is a rabbi anointed by God with Shameka. to make a difference in the world really important is why rabbis not only interpreted scripture, but rabbis went one step further rabbis in history. We don't see this in the Bible but in throughout history, you see stories of rabbis performing Miracles. It was not unheard of for people when they when they found out about Jesus to go. He's a rabbi he performs Miracles. It was just like that was accepted. What was different about Jesus was the number of Miracles. He was performing Miracles left, right and Center. They were performing one here 10 years later. Jesus was just everywhere and the power of his miracles people kind of that. They thought that Jesus was just no another Rabbi but on on like super something. it was his teaching and the thing about his teaching it was different was that Jesus would teach about himself every other are by would teach only about God but Jesus would say I am the way to God so his teaching was slightly different his was actually completely different because of that his healing was the same but different empowered and then what was most profound Was that Jesus went and chose disciples? He didn't test disciples. They were only two rabbis ever who chose disciples randomly. I mean, I'm sure God had something to do with it. But but every other Rabbi would ask questions and test these arcs to see if they were like ninjas themselves and see if there was smart enough to be like the rabbi but Jesus and another guy called Gala male they went and they believed were getting low. He said this he said I believe that God can make anyone into a disciple if they give themselves term and so he just randomly chose disciples Jesus the other one. Winton fun Peter and all these guys who weren't the best of the best and he ain't I believe that you can be like me. And that meant you can bind and loose you can teach the scriptures like I teach the scriptures and you can perform Miracles which is why he says if my word lives in you, you will ask whatever you want to my name and it will be done for you. Here's what he say you will be able to perform miracles. In fact, he says you will do greater things than I do. Jesus the great Rabbi chose some disciples because he believed they could not just be like him they could do more than him. Now. If you're a non-Christian and you've zoned out, you know, my job really is to create a felt need and a felt need especially if you've zoned out when it comes to Miracles a felt need is like this really matters to me and right now this might not be mattering to you, but I have two words which will make the rest of the sermon. Tootsie Because I'm going to be talking about power to heal and power in your life and miracles two words. Don't know if I'm allowed to say these two words Coronavirus. It doesn't matter what you believe when every when a pandemic hits you'll pray so I am going to teach you how to pray with power and understand that Jesus who's given all authority in Heaven and Earth has given us. She mija if you're a follower of Jesus you believe in Jesus. He's given us mija to see the power of God workout and our lives. So I'm going to read a hectic story. Like if you thought it was hectic up into knots just going to escalate. I hate x-rays from X 19 verse 9 Paul's just got to Ephesus and gets there and find some people who believe in Jesus, but they haven't been filled the holy spirit. So he says Tim. Have you been filled with the Holy Spirit? How did you get baptized in the Holy Spirit? They said note only got baptized in Water. By the way, we're going to baptism class on the 23rd of March if you want to get back to this baptized because that was awesome 23rd of March, but they said no we've only been baptized for the forgiveness of sin. So he says some you need the Holy Spirit. They get filled with the Holy Spirit. Now, he's got some disciples. He starts teaching in the synagogue as they would have and the next thing that happens is he gets kicked out three months of Paul. That's all that can take your idea. So he goes to the lecture hall in tyrannus. I want to read this. He took the disciples with him and and had discussions daily in the lecture hall of tyrannus. This went on for two years so that all the Jews and Greeks who lived in the province of Asia heard the word of the Lord God did extraordinary Miracles through Paul. I don't know what the difference between ordinary miracle and extraordinary Miracle is but he did extraordinary Miracles through poor so that even handkerchiefs and Aprons that had touched him were taken to the sick and their illnesses were cured and evil spirits left them. Which would be useful. You know power. It's the capacity to perform or act effectively its strength or force that is exerted or the capable or that is capable of being exerted and you need power. You need power to overcome sin. You need power to change your culture at work. You need power to turn your business around you need power to make a marriage work. You need power to make friendships and relationships work. You need power to shift in the economy. You need power. Everyone's looking for power. You know why it's coming. It just comes to mind. I'm talking about pie is consist diving in me, but you know why the the country gets into so much chaos. Because we don't feel like we got power and we feel like someone else is going to come and take our power. To have a car with no engine is to have a call with no power and many many Christians have no power. And you need power which is why you need to listen to this message. You need the power of God flowing through you. Jesus says you can have it Paul had it you need to know what he knows. Okay, so he is healing left right and Center then some Jews who went around driving out evil spirits tried to invoke the name of the Lord Jesus over those who were demon-possessed. If you if you don't believe in demons possess you just going like just go like serious issues. Okay, they would say in the name of Jesus whom Paul preaches. I command you to come out seven sons of sceva a Jewish Chief priests were doing us. Okay Jewish Chief priests not probably a rabbi, but probably mixed with rabbis and saw people being caught demons been cast out. So I had learned something from them. He That they're going to they're going to tell the the demons to come out. One day the evil spirit answered them Jesus. I know and Paul I know about but who are you now whether you believe in demons or not? If you are around someone and you hear a strange voice saying Jesus, I know Paul I know about but who are you ran? Because then it is then the man who had the evil spirit jumped on them and overpowered them all he gave them such a beating that they ran out of the house naked and bleeding when this became known to the Jews and Greeks living in Ephesus. They were all seized with fear. And the name of the Lord. Jesus was held in high honor many of those who believe now came and openly confessed what they're done and number who had practiced sorcery brought their Scrolls together and burn them publicly when they calculate To the value of the Scrolls the title came to 50 thousand drachma, which is about a hundred and fifty thousand Rand in this way the word of the Lord spread widely and grew in power. Okay, I want to make three points and then we're going to go home point in the morning. Power comes to those who know Jesus not those who know about Jesus the sons of sceva. I think we're good people. I don't know but they were walking around trying to cast out demons to people who had horrible lives. It seems like a good thing. I want you to know that God is not a humanitarian. Really important. I had this conversation so many times they're good people. Why doesn't God because God is not looking for good people. He's looking for people who have their son his son living inside of them. He's looking for people who know Jesus not know about Jesus when I was 21, I knew about Jesus. I had gone to lots of church services lots of weddings lots of funerals. I had heard about Jesus I could tell you that Jesus died for the sin of the world. I could tell you that Jesus promised that he could make our lives knew I could tell you that Jesus said he could heal the sick. I had heard it all but it was not I knew about him. I didn't know him then during worship the Holy Spirit grab my heart. I all of those messages came alive in my head. And I before the preacher had said a word I was I want Jesus in my life some of you here. Yeah know about Jesus, but you don't know Jesus when I asked Jesus into my life. You know, what changed. I have known that Jesus had forgiven the world of sin, but after I put up my hand, I knew that he had forgiven me of my son. It was personal. Before I knew that Jesus could change a life after I put up my hand. I knew that Jesus was changing my life. Before I knew that there was probably a plan for my life. God said it somewhere afterwards. I could feel the presence of God shaping it. Before I knew that there was a supernatural love heard about it watch my mom. She seemed happy, but Afterwards, I knew the personal love of God and some of you sitting right here, you know all about Jesus, but you don't know Jesus and so you can't have the power of God working in you because God is not a humanitarian. He is looking to empower his people. Friends, you need the power of God. You need it working in your life. First point power comes to those who know Jesus not those who know about Jesus second Point power follows telling So pull has been preaching for two years out of the lecture hall to basically all of turkey. Here's a map of it says all of Asia heard the gospel. So wrong map. There is a very schematic. Okay, so so that's where it says Asia. It's basically turkey. All of turkey has heard this dude preaching the gospel telling them arguing with him telling him. Why why Jesus is Lord? And the scripture says this it says that signs and wonders or let me read in Mark 16:20. Then the disciples went out and preached everywhere and the Lord worked with them and confirmed the message by accompanying signs. Here's the deal signs and wonders follow the preaching or the telling of Jesus. If you want God to give you power you have to give Jesus. He has the beauty of this signs and wonders do not follow Perfect People perfect preaching a perfect message signs and wonders follow a perfect message in anybody's hands. He God confirms his message not his person. If you want Power operating in your life and let me let me get personal if your business is in a mess and you need power to get this thing out to get up in the morning. If you've got sickness in your body you need power. The way power comes is you make your life about Jesus mission. To seek and save the Lost what you're doing there is you're being a disciple you're going I'm going to make my life about you and I'm going to tell people about Jesus. I'm going to lead an alpha or I'm going to somehow bring a person to church has here's what you do. You're bringing the message of Jesus and God follows that with signs and wonders which is why some of you you heard the message of God and whilst you were listening about Jesus dying for my sons and all of the sudden you had goosebumps. You heart was beating. What's that? That is power. It follows the message. And if you want power in your issues, then get about Jesus business and watch him bring power because here's the thing about power when power flows through me to someone I'm telling about Jesus. It doesn't just touch that person. It accelerates and excites everything inside of my spirit which gives me power not just there but here too. Some of you have switched that off. Because you're going I'm in such amazed. My marriage isn't fixed. How can I tell people about Jesus? Here's how my marriage isn't a Miss but let me tell you about Jesus. When power starts to flow there, it will flow there. thusly power changes people I mean you got to think about those. How come some dudes get together? They see Paul's casting out demons. They go. That's a good idea. Let's try that. It goes badly for them and everybody finds out. And then I start bringing Scrolls and why did they have Scrolls in the beginning? Anyway, I read these things and I go what's up with that as well. It's his the people who were practicing sorcery. So he has he has why you practiced sorcery. I because I'm sure not too many of you do this in your spare time. But here's why you practiced sorcery sorcery is a way of bringing the supernatural power. Into your life to either control manipulate or Scare others. So they had Scrolls to manipulate demons to push away hurt affect other people. They probably didn't understand what was happening. But that's what happens and they go. Flip Sykes that Oak tried with his Scrolls to sort those exact using the name of Jesus. That didn't go well Paul. He just talks about Jesus and then demons are flying left right and Center. I choose them. Has she has the beauty about pie? You know, I'll be honest. I I used to pray for people to be filled with the Holy Spirit like every single other day. I think when I was a youth pastor and I was the full other guy just come Pom-Pom of them everyone follow and and and I found that the falling over put off my non-Christian friends and so as I went, okay, I'll turn it down on the weird Factor. Let's just pray for people hold them and and A time I just kind of like did less. And then I decided I said enough of doing this. I'm going to tell more people about Jesus. I'm going to pray for more people who sick. I'm going to pray for more people to be full of the Holy Spirit. We pray for you know, what started happening. Energy from no way just started flooding through stuff. There was chaos that I had done every I have a coach either shrink. Like I've got issues. I've got people to help me like I've done everything to try and fix the stuff Suddenly It's sorted out. How's that even possible power? Friends you need power. It comes if you call yourself a follower of Jesus and you speak his message and you trust that he will come through for you. When you speak to people this how you do it. You tell them the message about Jesus and you go now God I've done my but your turn. And power will fly. And things like the coronavirus they'll probably keep coming. And the Christian Church, it has its greatest opportunity now to start learning the power of God. And start practicing so that we can be a gift so we can have no fear when that stuff comes the we can walk and in fact and we can be free and we can see some healings. That's what the church is for. so seek power amen