My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I am back. I have a really special episode for you today. Yeah, I just think it's something that is really important that I wanted to cover right away. Especially after it coming to light in a CBC article back in January about survey that is covering sexual harassment and sexual abuse within the tree planting industry. So I've actually sat down to talk with Wait, who is one of the women working for the northern Society for domestic peace? Who is the organization that is, you know conducting the survey and so yeah, I sat down with Britt in this episode. She's currently living in Smithers BC and she was a plant or herself working in the industry actively for Seven Seasons. So she planted for sex and then she actually cooked in her last season when she was pregnant. Agnes with her son and she still plants occasionally and just to get a little bit more background or in the northern Society for domestic. Peace on their based in Smithers BC and they are a nonprofit organization that runs a variety of programs including an emergency women's shelter second stage housing a pregnancy outreach program and offers counseling individuals and families. We challenge violence and advocate for healthy relationships. Yeah, and so this Society has taken on this absolutely. You mental tasks and the survey first came out last year and you know before I release this interview, there's just a couple things that I want to stress here, of course a trigger warning for anyone who has experienced anything of this nature experience of trauma and feel like, you know hearing these issues being discussed may be triggering for you. I just want to warn everyone About that. I also want to mention that you know in our conversation that you know, this survey is still really in its infancy. It hasn't even really been around for a year. So, you know, the mstp doesn't really have any concrete results yet. So they're still receiving information. They're still collecting information. And so these are really just like very preliminary patterns and things that she's talking about and that of course Represented in January that we go into in the interview. So yeah, they all this research is ongoing and so I just want to make sure that all the listeners are aware of that and so I will have some links in the show notes for you guys a link to the northern Cypher domestic Peace website. There's also contact info if you'd like to contact anyone there at the office and also a link to the survey so for any of you Of you out there who are listening that are tree planters and haven't already taken part and would like to take part that would be awesome. And another thing I want to talk about is, you know, this is a very heavy subject. It's a difficult subject to talk about. It's something that I think is really important to talk about and I want to talk about it and I want to have people on here to talk about it with and I just want to put it out there, you know for one who may feel certain emotions towards you know, the The way that the interview comes across and the way that you know, I speak about it with Britt, you know trying to be in a positive and optimistic manner, you know, I just want to sort of acknowledge that because you know, it's not always that way for everybody and you know, I think this is a really difficult subject to tackle. And so, you know, I've tried to do so in this discussion in the most productive way. Possible that I can to just be getting this information out there to more people and yeah just to be bringing it out in you know, a two-way conversation more so than you know presentations being done or articles, you know being written. Yeah just have like this conversation about it and just to find out more details about it because I know about the survey I filled out the survey but there's a lot that I didn't even know just about the behind the scenes and how this all started and you know, I feel really great about the fact that this is being done with someone who is a planter and who has been a planter and who understands and who has her own experiences. So, you know with that being said keep all that in mind when you're listening to the episode and these follow-ups will you know, hopefully yield some more concrete results, you know, then then the society currently has And hopefully that will be as a result of more people, you know providing more information because ultimately the collection of this information is incredibly important and I also want to acknowledge for anyone out there who's participated already or or who's considering participating, you know, how incredibly Brave that is how incredibly courageous that is and I thank all of you for that because you are all helping to make this industry. In a better place a safer place a more inclusive place for everyone. Yeah, and so with that. Yeah, I'll just continue to the interview and I hope you all enjoy it. Hey Britney, welcome to the show. Thanks for having me. Yeah, I think you so much first off. Let's start with a little bit about you. Why don't you tell the listeners Who You Are Well, my name is Britt. I live in Smithers BC. Currently. I am a mostly retired tree planter. I currently work for a non-profit society called Northern Society for domestic peace where an anti-violence agency that advocates for healthy relationships. We we offer counseling to men and women and children and individuals and families. We have a number of programs we run a an emergency. And shelter we have a second stage housing. We also have three Offices here in northern BC. So we have one in Hazelton and went into another's and one in Houston and we yeah, we run a number of programs awesome. So, you know really curious about this is how you got into tree planting. I think about this a lot because I cannot remember the first time that I ever heard about tree planting because yeah, so I was I was going to school and Victoria is going to college and I was really homesick. I'm from Pearl River. So I was commuting like every weekend to go home. I I just I really wanted to be home and all of a sudden I had heard about tree planting and I was like, you know what? I think I want to Spend like three months away in the summer and go off into the bush with a bunch of people that I don't know and try this thing called tree planting and I had a couple of I actually had a couple friends who done it before and I think they were a little bit skeptical about me going. I am not really sure if they thought I could survive or not but I did so yeah, that's how I ended up getting into planting. So, how'd you You you know just because you know, you mentioned your friends didn't really think you know, you could cut it. Were you like already an active person like did you spend a lot of time outside? Like I'd imagined, you know being from Powell River gorgeous place that like you'd probably be outside a lot already. But yeah, I was I was pretty active growing up for sure. So that was definitely an asset going out into the bush and being in a tent was not a big Talk to me. I mean, sometimes it was a bit of a shock, you know when you wake up and it's like -8 in your tent and you have to go to work that's not usually typical when you're you know, when you're camping this summer. But yeah, so it wasn't it wasn't a complete shock to me to be out there. And so you mention being semi-retired. So how long have you been in the tree-planting game for I was I was there for Seven Seasons I planted for six of those Seasons. I did a little bit of formatting and my seventh season. I was a cook because I was actually pregnant with my son. So That was an interesting experience. Wow. Yeah, that would especially I mean planting as well. But yeah cooking is you know, all of us Planters know is a Monumental job as well. Yeah. What was it like transitioning to cooking? I'm just curious from all your years of planting actually. It was really it was really great. Number one. Everybody loves you. They look forward to seeing the day which is really really wonderful. I also think I was a little bit of an asset because you know, everybody sort of looks forward to treats on the Block. So I kind of knew what everybody was looking for. So everybody was really happy with my treats, which was really nice and I got treated really well and although it was long hours. It was actually it was a really fun job. That's awesome. And yeah, someone who's been a planter in the becomes a cook. I feel like is potentially The best scenario because or just someone with like a sweet tooth because I have a huge sweet tooth. So yeah, the cooks that specialize in the sweets are like my favorite people ever. So we yeah, definitely cool. Okay, so I'm curious with all of this how tree-planting has changed or impacted your life. I don't think that I would be the same person that I am today. If I didn't go plant thing. It really taught me a lot of things about myself mainly my physical and mental capabilities really gave me a strong work ethic and I also made the most amazing lifelong friends that I got to share some of the strangest and most wonderful experiences with in a concentrated amount of time. I'm curious too, you know because you're up in Smithers now, are you in Smithers? Like because you have planted up around that area just because I know there's a fair bit of planting that goes on in that area and you know, I've I've even planted kind of close to Smithers myself, so Well, yeah, I definitely have planted in the area. That's that's actually more recently since I've quote unquote retired. I've sort of I have planted sort of all over interior BC and Alberta, so it's not just around Smithers, but it's definitely a big reason why I'm here yet cool. Well, you know with this job, of course, there's highs and lows inevitable. So I'm curious, you know, just kind of the first things that pop into your Brain, when I ask these questions of what is your favorite tree planting memory? That's a really hard question to answer. I've had so many great experiences planting. And again, it's something that is really shaped me to be who I am today. So it's definitely something that I think about a lot even though I don't really plant anymore. It's something that has really impacted my life. One thing that I really enjoyed about planting is that especially if you go to particularly beautiful view, you know, you can just I would stop and sort of take it in and really think wow, you know. I'm I'm one of a very small handful of people that will ever stand in this spot and get to experience this. You know, I just I always felt so lucky to be doing what I was doing. And another one of my favorite memories was my first day planting 3,000 trees. That was that was really really awesome. That was a really good feeling. I worked really hard to do that in my rookie year. I was not the fastest plan. Enter so it was it was really really great. And another one of my favorite memories was one of my best friends who still one of my best friend's today. We used to plant together a lot and I have these really great memories of serenading her while we're planting together, especially on bad days to you know, just to sort of make us a little happier while we're not having the best day. Yeah, that's that can be some of the best medicine. I remember in my third year one of the guys on my crew. Yeah, I would always like request even and usually our foreman would put us together. Anyways, I got the same cash because yeah, it didn't matter like I was shitty the day I was having. Yeah, he would just brighten my day and make me laugh and it was it was just the best. So that was one of the best Crews I think. But yeah, I can I can totally relate to that and yeah, you know highs and lows so knots like dampen the mood, but what is your worst replanting memory? Just like there are so many good memories. I feel like there's so many bad memories. I think I mentioned like waking up at minus 8. Yeah, that's definitely not very fun. When you're sleeping in the cold and eating in the cold and you know, you're just living outside. So you're definitely exposed to the elements you that's not something that you can escape when you're especially if you're in a bush Camp, you know, all the cuts and bruises and bleeding noses and be Things and you know falling and sunburns and bears and tendonitis. I got a shovel to the face. Once that was really fun. Oh, yeah. It's terrible. It was a I mean it was a klutzy fall on my part. But actually one of the worst worst memories was I was planting in high level and we were using hagglunds to commute because it's such a big like it's crazy bog up there. Have you ever planted it there? Before know that planted Northern Ontario so I know the muskeg. Yeah, I know the drill very nice. Yeah, so we had we had a significant walk in that day. It was about seven kilometers and we were about one kilometer from camp and there's these giant pools of this sulfur. He's smelling mud everywhere and I remember thinking oh God what if I fell into one of these giant swimming pools And I swear like three seconds after I thought that I felt right in and my bags were completely full so first thing in the morning and it really really smelled so bad and but I just thought you know what I'm just going to keep going. I'm already a kilometer from canva and I'm not going to miss a day of planting just because I got wet and when I finally made it to my piece, I realized that my water jug was full of bug juice, so Yeah, that's that's pretty that's a pretty good one. Yeah. Yeah, so I'm curious because you know, you mention your semi-retired. So perhaps a bit of a loaded question, but I'm curious. Yeah, like do you do you still try and get trees in the ground right now like here and there are you hoping that into the future you could potentially still plant a little bit here and there? Yeah, definitely. So I've had a few opportunities to go out the last couple years and do some planting there is there are a few companies based here in Smithers. So I've been able to sort of come out and hop on a day or two with them. Unfortunately, because I'd like to plant as fast as I used to I've actually gotten some pretty bad tendonitis, so I had to quit but so that's why I'm not really doing a lot. I do have the opportunity to go out on some weekends and sort of just go out and plant some trees and it's actually been really fun. It's kind of like and I get to come home at the end of the day. So really, I feel like it's a Planter's dream to do that. Yeah, that's definitely a win-win. I'm curious too because you mentioned of course you were pregnant with your son when you were cooking in a planting camp. And yeah, like do you have hopes that you know, he will tree plot in. In the future when he grows up. I hope so. I think it would be I think it'd be really fun for him. And I think it would also be really important that he experienced that definitely. Right on. Okay. So yeah, let's get into the survey. So yeah tell tell us about this survey that was conducted through the northern Society for domestic. Peace. So the original survey the original survey was about 10 questions and we we posted that in June of last year when we started to receive some more responses. We decided to expand the survey so it ended up being about 30 questions and we wanted to get a lot more details from people because we were sort of we were asking really big identifiers. Like you know, where did you plant? Well, what was your role in things like that? So we wanted to know a lot more details about exactly what people were experiencing in our in our expanded survey. We ended up asking. Yeah. We asked a lot of identifying questions again. Like what province's did you plant in? What role did you play in the industry? How many how many years did you plant for and like did you ever witness sexual assault? Did you ever experience sexual assault? Did you ever Witness? Sexual harassment did you ever experience sexual harassment? And we also ask the Planters what changes if any would create a safer working environment? We also asked them if they would prefer internal training versus external external training by and like by an agency. The purpose of a lot of these questions was to find out exactly what people had been experiencing and we also wanted to know whether this was an ongoing issue which we found out that it absolutely was. All of the responses were Anonymous and we asked respondents not to identify other people or companies. Okay. Yeah, and I actually took that survey last year. So yeah, I remember seeing it actually. Well, I must have seen on King Kong or something. I can't even remember exactly where but I remember I took the survey and I'm really curious to like how how this got started. You know, like what what spurred this process like why through you know the northern Society for domestic peace, you know, it just it seems like it's great, but it also seemed not. Random but yeah, I'm just curious like you know, where did it? Yeah. How did this all come about and and yeah get started. So my my co-workers Erica and Tina day, they run a program called campus security. So they go around to our local high schools and talk to students who are heading off to College University about sexual assault. So their aim is to arm students with information on safety consent disclosure reporting bystander intervention and resources and support services. They also created a website called campus assault dot CA that provides contact information for local resources. BC and Alberta, it also has tips and bystander intervention and support as well as some facts on sexual assault. So they had this they were doing this project and about three years ago when firm contacted us and asked if they could have a presentation on sexual assault for their Planters and it was just sort of a coincidence that they had been doing this and it's sort of it sort of made sense to adapt the project. So that's where the the we're calling it the camp assault mitigation project. So the acronym is Camp. So that's where it was born last year. We ended up doing about 12 presentations including presentations for management. I believe it was three different companies that we presented to so we went around to a lot of a lot of camps for three different companies and this year we've been in contact with even more companies and will be heading out again at the end of April to start our campaign management presentations for 2020. In our presentations, we cover many subjects including the definitions of sexual harassment and assault consent bystander intervention reporting and disclosure options support for victims. We also go over the company's policies and procedures. So we'll ask the company ahead of time to provide us with their policies and procedures so that we can go over that again with the Planters and we also provide a lot of planting related scenarios. So we've so that's kind of where I've come in on the project. It's it's been really great to work for the Society and also to have been a planter at with a lot of experience. So we've come up with a lot of scenarios so that we can sort of apply all of the things that we know as experts on the subject to the planting industry. Yeah, amazing. So were you working for the northern Society for domestic peace before? Like was this all just kind of like Divine timing that you were working with them? And then this happened or were you kind of like brought in? You know someone new you in town or something like that? It was sort of divine timing. They had started it the summer before I came to work for them. So they had already done a few a few presentations and then when I came on board, I sort of expressed interest I was like You know what? I'd actually really like to be part of this project. I sort of felt passionate about it because I had some experience planting and it sort of it was kind of like the perfect marriage. Amazing. Yeah, and you know, obviously this is fairly new in its Inception, but I'm curious, you know, even though it's early on, you know, how you feel about the contribution that it's made to the tree planting industry. And I'm also curious. You know, how is the response when you guys send out the survey? Like did you have more people fill it out than you expected or kind of what you were expecting or? Yeah. I'm curious about that as well. Well, that's been that's actually been a bit of a challenge because it's really hard to pin down tree planters in the offseason because everybody's doing all sorts of different things. We've sort of decided to take the social media approach. So we're that's I just keep posting it so that it doesn't get buried. I know that we haven't hit, you know, all the people that we'd like to hit and yeah, so is this survey is it on going then right now like Can fill it out anytime kind of thing, like or are you do have certain Windows where you're sort of collecting the information? No, it's ongoing again. I try to just repost it. And I'm just I am joining a lot of a lot of the Facebook groups like King Kong reforestation and women until the culture and there's there's also a page for Cooks as well because it's really important that we're not just hitting the tree planters that we're getting all the stuff in there. Yeah. Yeah, of course and yeah, you know how Like have you noticed you know, you mentioned that there's been some other companies that you're working with now as well, you know rather than just the three that first sort of started out. So, you know, how do you feel about that? Is that a direct result of this survey? I think yeah, I think that's a big part of it and definitely us going to the Western forestry contractors Association conference in January was a big part of that as well. So, you know, it's great that this has been, you know, put out there in such a big way, you know, I was actually really pleased to see it in CBC just so that it would you know, really get blown out there a bit more because you know as both of us know, you know these stories Ruiz of sexual harassment and sexual abuse and rape and things of this nature, you know, they've been covered before in the media, you know, there have been stories like this covered in Vice magazine and elsewhere in the other mediums. So, you know, why do you feel like this survey and you know getting it out there the way that has been you know may or may not be more effective than those other articles that have come out highlighting the same issues. Well, I think a lot of the credit goes to the people who shared their stories in our survey a lot of those a lot of the stories that were shared were really painful. I'm sure to share and they were really painful to read the reason I think that it was that we got so much attention now was probably because of the amount of people who shared and we had people that shared who said, you know, I didn't even know that this happened but Of that was really important. It was so important that we heard from all of these Planters and I think because we had so many stories and so many things to share that was sort of the Catalyst to get this going. I mean if we didn't have all these stories we wouldn't have a reason to go to the WFC a we, you know, we wouldn't really have a anything to present to them because and again I want to say to that these things that are happening tree planting is not any more dangerous than than anywhere else, you know, your your chances are getting sexual sexually assaulted are just the same as going tree planting, but I think that That all yeah, all of these stories that were shared. We really had something to sort of take to the industry and say listen, you got a lot of people who would like to share what they've been experiencing and they are looking for some change. I'm curious too. You know, I don't know if you were there in person as well, but was there. You know because I would be surprised if this was the reaction but I'm curious if there was anyone there that you know was shocked by by these results was shocked by this survey. I think I'm not sure. I'm not sure exactly what the shock level was. I think that there were definitely some people who didn't realize that that a lot of the things that a lot of the stories that we shared were were actually happening. But the reaction to that was really great. So it we were a little worried going into going into this conference because we had we had all of these stories and you know, it's a really heavy thing to share. We didn't know what the reaction was but the reaction was actually quite positive. So I think even though some people may have not realized that this is something that has been going on. They immediately said Okay, I want to do something about it. I want to make sure that this doesn't happen in my company. What are we going to do about it? Yeah, and you know, what, do you hope you know with the northern Society for domestic. Peace. Like what do you guys hope this survey does for the tree planting industry My Hope Is that the voices of the Planters and other employees are heard and that changes are made as soon as possible. I think ultimately we'd like to see possibly some sort of Industry standard where there's a clear expectation of not only employee Behavior but also expectation that sexual harassment and assault training is Paramount and taken seriously. I really I hope that that any that everybody can sort of come into this industry and feel safe in knowing that their companies are doing whatever possible to keep them. If just as they keep them safe from vehicle accidents and from bear attacks. Yeah, exactly. And you know, of course this survey is a huge component. Is there anything else that you guys want to do further than this or just simply to continue to continue the survey and gather this information because really it hasn't been done before at all within the tree planting industry. You know, would you ever consider, you know even trying to collaborate or try and spur? Yes, even in other provinces, you know, so that it really is industry-wide and not just not just within you know, the tree planting industry in British Columbia because of course as we know there's planting outside of BC. Yeah, definitely. Well, absolutely. I think it's really important that all Planters feel safe and that their companies take sexual harassment and assault very seriously, I think We'd really like to start here. It would be great. If all the companies are sort of set an example for other companies out in Ontario. That would be a really big job. I think for ours our little Society to take on and sort of, you know, get everybody to change but that's kind of I think that's our hope that that everybody no matter which province you're planting in that all Planters and employees for companies are safe from sexual harassment and assault And so I just want to you know touch on this again a little bit. So, you know, you've compiled all this information with the survey and then what exactly does it look like when you're working with companies. Are you developing like a policy for them or are you simply, you know based on the results of the survey you're creating this like training program for them or for their management? Like what exactly does it it looked like the service that you're You know providing to these companies that have approached you right so current currently we are doing in Camp presentation. So again, we go over bystander intervention and and definitions of sexual assault and harassment and and consent and all of those things. So it's it's pretty basic in that way. We did get some money from the Vancouver foundation so that we could collaborate with the industry and with government to make sure that that other changes are made. So we're talking As using procedures and additional training and maybe an industry standard sort of like a safety certification. All of that stuff does take a lot of work. I think that there is lawyers to talk to and you know, a lot of a lot of people to talk to you to make that happen, but so far because we have been communicating with government. We have been communicating a lot with the industry. We have made some connections a lot of ideas are floating out there and we're Or just trying to sort of that's our next goal I think is to sort of grab them and put them together and put something a little more solid and place. We definitely have had a lot of companies contact us and say, you know, can you take a look at our policies and procedures and we're definitely willing to look at that just to make things a little more a little more solid and make sure that they have everything that they need in their just to just to sort of make their to make their employees feel like they're in a safe environment. Yeah. honestly, I mean I don't I mean I'm just speaking as one planter, but I know that often, you know in the planting industry when somebody else is like coming in from the outside quote unquote and you know is trying to educate us or train us on something and they've never put a shovel in the ground like, you know, it's a bit of a fault of mine I suppose but I judge them a little bit because you know, they don't they don't actually know like what the job is about so it's very hard to And two to take that person seriously in a way, you know. I'm not quite using like the best words here, but it's really the best way I can describe it and I think any tree planter kind of like understand this right now. So, you know, I just want to point out that at least, you know from my perspective that you know, I think the fact that this has been started and is being done with an organization that has a tree planter directly involved. You know, who is you of course is incredibly important to like the validity of this as well because and especially You know you being a woman because I mean of course sexual harassment and assault can affect anyone but of course, you know, it has very often affected women. So yeah, I just I want to just say that yeah, it's incredible that this is where it's starting and yeah, I really really appreciate it. Yeah, I think that you did make a really good point about internal versus external training. We definitely We did ask that question in our survey and it was really split down the middle so far. I think how people really wanted the training to to be presented to them because we've I mean we've all been there where we're doing pre-work and you know, somebody is telling us what we should be doing, but they haven't done what we've done before and we you know, you kind of roll your eyes and go. Yeah. Yeah, whatever so that's yeah, that's definitely a bit of a worry sometimes but I think it's actually pretty perfect because you know, we are the experts on what we are doing and the planting industry all the Planters and the supervisors in the foreman and you know, all those guys are the experts on what they're doing and we can really come together and make this happen and make this work place really really safe because of our expertise and because we are Consulting with Planters to make this happen. Yeah totally and you know for anyone out there who's listening I'd like to ask this Question, you know for for a planter or even for a cook management anyone that's been involved with tree-planting who has had a traumatic experience, you know who may or may not have filled out this survey and you know may have seen the stuff in the news and you know heard talk even online and in the community and be listening to this now and you know might be feeling pretty dejected like, you know, it's just all talk like sure they can implement. These things but it's not really going to do anything because like nothing's been done before and you know for someone who doesn't really have any hope that that things could actually change, you know, what would you say to that person just based on you know what you've seen and what you're trying to do. Well, I can totally understand their feelings if that's if that's what they're feeling for. Sure. I think if you had a bad experience planting And if you've been a planter and maybe you haven't had a bad experience, maybe you've had good experiences. I think it's really hard to see. Changes happening in the industry. These kinds of changes really have to come from the top down. I don't think it's something that should necessarily happen from the bottom up. I think it's really really important that the owners of the companies set a precedence and really make this a priority and the only way that this is going to work is if that happens is if everybody is on board if Really concerned about the safety of all of their employees. I think that's really really important. I do feel optimistic about this, but I do understand if you know, if you've had a bad experience that you know, you don't really see this this happening, but I really would like to continue with my optimism. I think it's really important that we push forward. I'd like to see changes happen right now and hopefully By the next season some major changes will be made some changes. I think may take longer than others, but I think as long as we keep pushing forward and I think as long as planters keep pushing change as well that it will happen and that, you know sexual assault and harassment will I mean the ideal is that it never happens, but you know, I think that some really clear safety nets will be put in place. To protect employees and companies if that if we continue on this track. Yeah, awesome. And so you know for anyone listening I'm going to put the call out right here. So, you know what you echoed Brett with you know, it really has to come from the top down and it has to be everyone. It can't just be a handful of companies or one or two companies has to be every single company. So for every single company out there for everyone listening whether you're a planter whether you're managing judgment, whether you're an owner let your company know and you know as that company, you know even coming from like out of Province, you know, and maybe they're curious about starting their own initiative there and figuring out how to do so, you know, how can they get a hold of you guys to to connect and to you know, especially if they're in British Columbia work with you guys to implement these kinds of policies within their own company and within their own camps or yeah. Even you know out of Province elsewhere in Canada to just get a bit of information and hopefully, you know start their own. Start their own initiative that is really modeled on you know, what you guys have done already. Like where where can they find you and how can they approach you guys? Well, they can definitely give us a call do what the show give you the phone number. Yeah, we can put in the show notes actually. Okay, that works. Okay, definitely give us a call or shoot us an email. We might not have all the answers at this point, obviously because we like yeah, we might not have all the answers but we're definitely going to give it a shot. We really want to see this through. We really want to make this happen. So if you have any questions just contact us. Listen, well, we'll go from there. I'm curious too because I mean you've mentioned that you know, the northern sky for domestic peace is not that big of an organization and when you think about the number of tree planting companies like Justin BC alone, you know, it's a pretty big industry these days. Have you ever considered like trying to get more help from another organization? You know, like, how are you guys doing this all on your own because it's a Massive amount of work. Yeah, it is a massive amount of work. I I'm not sure. I think it's definitely a consideration. We're just sort of I think we're going to play out the season and do the presentations that we plan on doing. Logistically, that's not I don't think that's something that's going to work long term just because if we do have a lot of interest and we end up, you know, if we're going to have to present to a bunch of companies and a bunch of different camps. It's going to be really hard for us definitely to do that. I think we're weird. So open to making this happen for sure. So I think that said something that could be on the table. Awesome. Okay. So, you know, I'm a woman you're a woman and of course like we've mentioned, you know, these issues can happen to anybody. But yeah, as I've mentioned, you know, they have happened to a lot of women and I'm curious, you know, how you feel about the safety of women and I guess really just other employees in general in tree planting, you know moving forward. To the Future, right? Well, I think ultimately time will tell for sure and again for the moment. I am optimistic, but I really am looking forward to seeing what the results of our survey and all of our meetings will be as a planter and an employee of the anti-violence sector this really hits home for me on many levels. And I think it's about time that we're discussing this and making some adjustments so I'm just maintaining my optimism. I am I'm determined to see this through I'm just determined to make sure that that we create and I'm saying the greater we all of us an sdp and the industry that we create a safe working environment for everybody. Yeah, exactly. And yeah, you know, I want to thank you all at a 10 STP for really like starting this and the way that you have. I think there's many many people that are very grateful for this. And yeah, so we just want to say thank you because you know, the hard work is is not going unnoticed. Even if it's still in the in the beginning phases. Yeah. Thanks and just to wrap up here. I always like to ask this this question too close. What is one piece of advice? You would give anyone who is considering going tree planting or will be going tree planting for? first time this season I would just say go. I would say give it a try really it's such a life-changing experience. I know that we've been talking about some really heavy subject matter during this but I had a really great experience and a great number of years planting. It really changed my life and I would definitely definitely warn people that it's not necessarily a physical job that it's more mental than anything. That was a bit of a surprise to me. I mean, thankfully it worked out. I really enjoyed planting I lasted seven seasons. So yeah, that's what I would say. Awesome. Well Brett, thank you so much. You know, you've been a very busy woman this winter. So I really appreciate being able to connect with you and for you to come on the show and and talk about all this today because it is potentially one of the most important things going on in tree planting right now in my opinion anyways, so it is yeah. I think so too. Thanks for talking to me. I know that we like barely scratched the surface on what we really could be talking about I could talk about this for hours early, but I really appreciate you taking the time to chat with me about this of course and yeah, you know, I'd love to hear in the future. You know how things are going and I'm curious to see, you know being in the industry myself. Yeah, what kind of changes you know may may happen this year and Yeah, we'll just we'll see where it goes. And yeah, I think I'm optimistic as well because I've never seen it in all my years in the industry and really being kind of surrounded by the industry my whole life. I've never seen anything like this before so, you know, that's got to be a good sign. Yes. I think it is. Okay. Well, thank you so much again, and yeah, I hope you know you can hopefully get a couple trees in the ground this year. I hope all your Camp visits. Go really well, and that the bugs aren't too bad. Thanks. Alright, bye. Bye. Bye.