Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and I'm really enjoying talking to everyone. But anyway back to it. Danny is a professional Grand Prix dressage Rider, but he is also a professional Advanced eventer and we chat about how he balances those things in this interview because it's absolutely incredible that he's kind of excelled in two different disciplines. But yeah, he is often found winning at Premier League's and the Regionals and Nationals. He's Sorry smashing it. He's well known for being really good with young horses or quite nervous horses is a very calming character and I think the horses really pick up on that and he's just generally a really great guy. So we chatted about how he got into horses because he doesn't come from a horsey background at all the first job he had in the equestrian world how he moved from mainly doing Eventing to mainly doing dressage. And then we chatted about the difference between the equestrian culture the dressage culture what it's like it shows and just so much. But anyway, yeah, I'm going to stop talking and let you guys have a listen. So enjoy so she just going for it when you're ready. Yeah. Yeah cool, right. So welcome to the podcast. Can you explain how you got into riding? Because I've spoken to a premier league before and you said that your parents went horses. At all, so yeah, you actually get into it. So basically I've always loved horses and frog right from a young age, you know growing up with always loved horses. I remember when we were much younger, you know in like our teen years over at school and things used to ask Mom to like stop at the side of the road of the horses carrying so really come forward. Yeah background is not healthy at all, but I think When I was 11 or 12 went for I asked actually we ask me and my twin ask Mom if she take us for a ride in their sinner local riding school to us and Southampton and basically we went for a lesson in got hooked in. Yeah, we never stopped after that. So we I think we're over 11 or 12. But yeah quite a young age. And yeah, and and then we used to go up on weekends and help out to get free rides and things like that. Yeah, and then I ended up getting a pony on loan when I think I was 13, but Pony on loan which then actually moved yards to Bow Lake which the place so I'm not actually now based. No, so actually I was there from when I was 13 until I think I until I was 18 actually because I I mean, I hope David I knows that David who owns bone a guy helped him and used to work for him on weekends and holidays and things and you know got, you know good opportunity working for David and now I could help him back some of these young horses and actually started event improving base that phone a close to ride one of the client sources there and she ended up actually selling the horse the David for a pound so I could continue riding the horse. And yeah, that was that was the first also I found started inventing. So yeah, it's not great opportunity there and David really helped me but I always knew from a young age. I remember I went to badminton with a friend of mine when I was 14. So I think that was my first real experience of competition at a high level and I thought yeah, this is what I'd really love to do. So I went to college when I was six when I left school when I was 16 and studied sport for a couple of years. And I mean I didn't really want to go to always knew that I wanted to do horses as a career, but realistically I think was the chances. Has felt quite slim, you know, my mom's always been very supportive. But you know financially she would be able to support me in that way to you know, do the horses as a career. So it seemed like the best thing to do is to go to college and you know get you know some grades and you know get something to fall back on so I studied sport for a couple of years, but then when I left College when I was 18, so he's put an advert on the slight yarding grown, basically. It's quite embarrassing. No, it's not. Yeah. Yeah putting ads on the site yard and groom is you know, basically said that I'm really keen and know I'd love to learn and you know have the opportunity to ride and that sort of thing. And actually I had a message back from a dowel shots who says the lady that ran some early horse trials in I worked works by actually ended up where went for an interview and ended up working for is our for five years. And I mean, there's no way I'd be doing what I'm doing now if it wasn't for her because it was really hard work. And I remember when I initially went to her, you know, I had to work really hard to get the opportunities and I you know, I'd never let her see me without brushing my hat and or things like that. She was quite old school and you know tough in her approach, but she was always very fair and she gave me a great opportunity. She used to buy Young horses and produce them to sow and you know an event up through the levels and At with her I produced quite a few horses event in and you know took my first horse to advanced level event in which was great fun. And I owed a lot to did you work on the yard there as well as riding or you just riding? Oh, no definitely works. I yeah, I worked. Yeah work six days a week and it was long hours and I think we have something like 20 horses on the yard and it was quite old score at some early and I remember there used to be One person that would work a Monday which would technically be the horses day off and there was 20 boxes to Mark out and you know the whole yard to do so it was really hard work. But at the same time, you know, I had a great opportunity there. So no would never swap it over never change that and did you feel like there was any resistance from your from your mum your parents about you going into the horse industry because they obviously know nothing about it. It might be quite daunting for them like you being like, yeah. The be honest mom's always been so supportive of what we wanted to do. And I think you're quite lucky in that. I've always, you know been quite clear cited in what I wanted to do as a career and she's always supported me. And yes, no, so she's very deep really being straight forwards. And yeah, so did your did your twin continues arrived a lot so he did for a while, but I think to be honest, I mean we argue quite a lot. Growing up, I think as we're so so alike. It's in a always competing against each other and I think to be honest I had better opportunity said Louis when we were growing up and I think that sort of pushed him away to go do something cows. So yeah, so now yeah now he's a professional dancer is quite successful doing that. So that's actually just reminded me. I swear I was reading that in the Horse & Hound so they were out trampolining and you and I really wanted to ask what this was all about. Out. Yeah, so actually before I started writing we always used to do trampolining me and my twin and somebody got a loved and you know, we did it competitively and I would have noticed this was a thing so cool. Yeah. Yeah, so no, it was really good. And then actually as I was when I started the horses I actually thought it I was doing much less trampoline in and got more involved with the horses and then actually when I went back to college I did the trampoline. And again with college, but I think you know. I like to do it competitively and then I think you know, there wasn't enough hours in the day to do it. Also, I think that you know, then decided to go with the horses say quite competitive then yeah, definitely and I think you know, I just don't like to do things are particularly. I want to try and be the do the best that I can do amazing. So let's talk about your inventing career. When did you actually start competing was it when you started working on that yard? so I done little bit when I think I started when I was 16 and I did a few be 100 and things like that, but seriously event in when I started working for a dour and I the first horse that I rode forward our see was a five-year-old that she bought hadn't paid much money for and yeah, I mean we learn together and went up through the levels and did my first International on him and yeah through went through the group so I say Again International, I think I did my first two star. I'll just pretend it's long time ago now probably I think 2010 or 2011 and yeah, and then we did actually our first Advanced double clear in 2012. I think it was yeah, so it was great. I mean he was very forgiving and I learned a lot from him. But yeah, he was here. What do you think the hard? Discipline was for you with the event. He was it like dressage cross-country or show jumping the one key maybe with or you found harder. I'd probably have to work harder with the soda and I guess I mean, I've always I think from being originally based with David who was predominantly a dressage Rider. I've always thought of being interested in that side of training even though you know event it was my first Passion. I'd always been interested in the training of the flat. At flatwork and that sort of thing. Yeah, but no I just I still love it and turn and I love the sport but no, I was definitely really lucky to be able to get into it the way I did and I continued working for a down and actually sadly she she was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2012. I think 2012 R2 and she passed away in 2013. So the yard sort of dwindled down and that bit the business. If the odd like went after that, so then it came to a stage where I actually then had to set up on my own and if you're the owners and the Dow's clients that I had some family came with me. And actually I'm David was very supportive. I based my horses back at Bow Lake where I was originally so yeah, it was sort of a transition in my career where I you know, I didn't really know what was going to happen. And so yeah. To go. So yeah, definitely interested. I mean it down. Yeah, it's that was an amazing woman into a very strong and I think you know she done so much for me. I you know did my best to stand by her the best that I could and yeah, seriously was fantastic person and I think after that I then moved back to Bow Lake had I think I had four horses that came back with Continued the avenging career then based upon by a lake. Wow. So you moved from what I think this is what I think happened because I'm not entirely sure you moved from a venting to dress up judge. Is that right? Yeah. I'm so well, basically I continued event in I've always continue the Eventing but basically a client that was based at Bay Lake. Ohms very which is now my free horse and yeah, they bought him as a four-year-old and he was basically a bit sharp for for the girl that had him. So I used to train him a bit for her and I'd always loved him from the first moment. I sat on him. I loved him everything about him. And so then I yeah, I had the opportunity to compete him a bit and I think eventually they realized that he was going to be too much or so and I just knew I had to have I had to find a way of having. Yeah, so so that point actually a good friend of mine Levi some money to buy him some rich. Yeah. Yeah. It was just brilliant. So yeah, and so he's how you got into the dress. I drilled ready. Yeah, definitely. So at the time I was training with Anna Ross who? Yeah, she's always been a great support to me and I remember having a less especially with that. Anna and she said that she thought he really had Grand Prix potential and I think at that point I was thinking from a business point of to that actually he'd probably be worth more money as a dressage horse then an event horse. So I sort of started competing him more in the dressage at that point. Yeah, and do you still event now? Yes, but I only have one how you do it. Yeah. Yeah, so I used to you know compete. Of seven, six seven eight horses a season, but there's just no way that I could juggle that with the amount of dressage horses that I have now. So I just have one event halls the compete and yeah just basically try and have a bit of fun with it now and you find that shows crossover much and you have to like sacrifice one for the other most of the time things seem to work, but I think I've had you know, I've tried to be more organized definitely in the past couple of years and sit down and start off here and Plan out everywhere, you know provisionally plan out some of the show so we can work around, you know, some of definitely the big Championship shows and yeah, so yeah, definitely and with the Eventing I can imagine like the your like you doing the dress as test. Do you normally win them? Because obviously you're so you were like trained up for free in the dressage down. I'm not saying anything against Juventus but like I've watched badminton and Yeah, yeah you like. Wow, do you find it? You win it at all or does it really I think I do wow, but I think you know that at the same time in defense to event Riders. There are some very good event riders that can ride good dresser. I mean maybe not all of them, but I think you know that the high-end level there still some very good Fighters. But yeah, definitely I would do do well but I mean, you know, I definitely think we're some of the horses that I mean that's a phase that comes quite naturally. Naturally to me. So, you know always quite happy to go and Light Rider to certain events in test. Anyway, it feels you know much easier than some of the be detest we ride and you feel like the Aventa horse is a really different to the dressage ones and like what makes them because even when you watch them, obviously the event like there's no way I can go and get my grand prix order to go around like cross-country. Does it feel yeah, and and do you have to not like drop your expectations for the Eventing but Maybe being a little bit more lenient on them. I think yeah, of course, the the event horses have to train three disciplines. So, you know, they maybe would spend as many hours in the arena is our dressage horses would and you know, obviously they're much better and also they have it, you know there we've only at the higher the highest level of event in only it's only an advanced medium. So they would have to do the same degree of collection or anything like that, but I would you know pretty much say you treat them. Treat them same I mean, you know, I think maybe to manage at competitions. I'm horses can be harder, especially when you know, they know they've got a different job to do after the dress out but I think training what is definitely at home train the event horses in the same sort of way as you were trained the dressage horses. Yeah. Well, that's really interesting. So let's talk more about your dress. I'd career because I've just seen it. If I felt like snowboard, but I think that's what social media does you see it. You're like, wow, it looks like you know, I was going to Alice about it and you went from riding like a medium to a Grand Prix in a very short amount of time or is it you're into to yeah. Yeah. Do you want to talk us through like your competition stuff with the dressage? Yeah. I think I mean to be honest. I I think I've learned a huge amount in the past four or five years. And I think training was I'm very lucky that actually, you know barriers are super horse and he's got super temperament and it's hasn't really felt difficult to train him to Grand Prix. I think you know, I mean, of course we've learned together and you know, I don't really know what I'm doing, you know, sometimes coming up through let's talk about because you've competed Alice's Young Horses. How did you start getting right? It's on different people's horses in the dressage world because yeah, it can be like people really want to find the ride sometimes because financially they can't afford their own. How did you go about that? Yeah, I think what my relationship with the oppenheimer's yeah came about because I was actually competing Barry or know I wasn't tell a lie wasn't competing bury his previous owners to compete in him at a competition and he was you know, a bit nervous a bit difficult with her. So I we ended up riding him and it was a competition where actually said Sarah and Alice were at and they sort of saw how I managed him and gave him confidence. And then I think when Alice was struggling with Davina Sarah, then gave me a call and asked if I'd go and help them and it sort of went like that really so I started competing Davina and you know how confidence along and yeah, I mean as a great opportunity for me and Yeah, it was you know, really successful and Davina and I think that you know, when I first went to the first championships and stuff, I mean I didn't really know what it was all about, you know to me. It was just riding another test then yeah, I think then actually, you know go into the women's championships and get that buzz of riding in the arena. I think, you know my love grew for the sport really and you went in like a bit naive which actually yeah, probably the perfect situation because you haven't filled it up too much. Yeah, definitely and I think like, you know, I went in Enid a Haupt we had dr. Phil any knives and I just went and wrote the test that I didn't really notice all about. So I think to get that sort of success early on was great. Yeah and have you ever struggled with anything competing because I just can't imagine you being like nervous or putting pressure too much pressure on yourself because you seemed so like relax sure. Yeah anything like that. Yeah, I mean my trainers have said to me that I don't need to try so hard and I think sometimes I do put too much pressure on myself definitely with my own course anyway, because I feel like I want to do a good job and not let him down but then sometimes a natural back that can hinder the performance because you know, actually, you know, sometimes it's just okay and it's just good enough then, you know, then you override so I think definitely, you know, I've learned to sort of take a chill pill. Times. How did you learn to do that? Was it just like her experience of you know overriding and then going okay. That wasn't quite good. I'll just back off there and did yeah, I think sometimes you learn from your mistakes a bit, don't you but you know, I'm really lucky to have great trainers and you know, I have regular help now and I think it's sometimes there they can just be brutally honest with me and say actually like this was good. Just all so good and then, you know, I definitely Currently we go away and try and work on that. So yeah something that I've worked on a bit but I mean on the whole, you know, definitely quite a relaxed Rider in in the way that I ride competition and then you're really well known for giving the horses a lot of confidence. I know it's a really tricky thing because it's very hard to explain how like if you could give someone a tip on the best way to sort of relax and horse whether a bit nervous that competition at home. What would you suggest they did? Is it like lunging before or anything when you're riding? I guess when I'm writing. I think the biggest thing is that I just tried if they're nervous just try and hold their hand. So, you know just just hold hold your leg on the men don't over it's over react if you know if they're nervous and just sort of trying to show them the way and show them around and give them a chance to sort of breathe and think of it and I think actually just by quite being quite relaxed. Yourself, you can put a lot of confidence into the horse and I think you know, I think that can grow quite quickly, but I think definitely from my event in background that's always you know, it's never been a thing that I've struggled with with the young horses. And I think you know, you know with young horses teacher that training across country and things it's a similar sort of thing that you've got to be there and hold their hand that without you no overriding and not give them chance the thing so, I think that by venting backgrounds definitely helped me there and you think it's important too. To kind of get them UCSF young. So do you think somebody young that it's happening when they're younger and maybe taking the field at the early stages or do you wait till they're a bit more developed? No, I think that the idea stages and I think you know Ted to jump all of the young horses and we've got a young horse which is being quite spooky right from the start and actually, you know, some days I go in the arena and I just put some feelers out and rub them just for the sake of job kid. Yeah, go go. At work and then I'm right in the middle of that session. Just going to chop the pole what you know jump across the pole or something like that because I think actually it just puts them more confidence into them. And you know, it just means that I get think they're more, you know well-rounded. So I was actually going to ask if you think it's good to like cross-training and even when they are relaxed a like with Barry, do you still like cross train him a bit. Yeah, I'm you know, he definitely has a bit and I was taught, you know, I do jump him. He's a good job for any enjoys it maybe not so much now, but he definitely does junk. You know, when you say there's you know, he's having an easy day or something. I would jump him. Yeah. Oh, that's so nice. That's so good. What has been your like highlights throughout your career so far. It doesn't have to be a show. It can be less generally. Yeah, I think it was definitely a big achievement during my first Grand Prix on Perry and it's you know, I think for a long time, I mean it seems that I've you know seem to have gotten their very quickly, but I think because I guess I was a bit naive coming into the dress. I just felt like you know, you keep working away and keep training and even when you're training all the movement, you don't really believe that you know, you're still feels a long way away to go out actually go and do that was was a big achievement. And I remember I think probably I still remember now winning my first Regional on him. And yeah, it's be honest that felt quite special. I think I was quite new to the sport and I think just the fact that I don't know to myself that I felt like I could actually do it was quite a big thing because you know, although I'm you know, quite confident with the horses and compete and now I think you know, I think everyone has talked out they and I think it's definitely just you know that feeling that it is a you know, it could actually be possible and you know, I think actually, you know, if you think like that, you know, I think for most people if you right back so start when you're a kid, you know, it's just the dream to go and do well and be successful, isn't it? So, yeah, I think actually when that starts to come off it's a nice feeling it gives you so much confidence. Once you've done it as well because it always says weird. It's a you know how to do it then and you know, like the past and trantor I didn't Yeah, yeah, and then on the flip side what has been your hardest moment in your career. To do with draw a search or anything anything. Yeah, I think probably with the evented dealing with horses that horse injuries. Yeah about like I've had a fair amount of bad luck event in with horses having injuries and I think there was definitely a point where I was sort of, you know considering why I was actually doing it and yeah, you know, I definitely love the sport and love the horses, but it can be quite heartbreaking when you cook. A lot of hours in time and money and you know basically your life into something can you know, it's training the horses and actually, you know, you can try feel like you do everything right? But sometimes luck is not on your side and I think I think you know with horses that it is a bit like that, isn't it? There's a lot of up and down. So definitely I think when you do get the good days you really appreciate it. And I think there was definitely a few years where you know, I didn't have much success in horses had injuries and you know, I was just Really? Yeah, I felt quite low at a point. So they yeah getting into his dressage and then starting to be more successful and horse is going well and things starting to look up then you do, you know, you do really appreciate it more. Yeah. So what motivated you through the hard times because you said a few years so, you know, you can't, you know, that's a long time and what sort of kept you going. I think just enough for the horses to be honest, then also, I think it's important to to have things outside the horses because you know, it is our life but it is important to have good friends and you know things outside of that that you can you know, I think there's always another day's there and yeah, actually, you know, there's there is more to life, you know, there's more there's bigger issues going on and I think everyone has their struggles. So I think you know, you just pick yourself up and keep going there. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. So talking about balance. Do you feel like you've got a good balance like a life balance between horses and say like your social life family. Whatever. Yeah, I think definitely now I have I think it's taken a while to get to that point. Definitely when I was working for a doubt. I think it was very hard work working there and you know, you've got I got one day off a week and I didn't have much of a social life in it was But I think you know it definitely paid off for me the opportunities that I had there. But now I think you know that I basically work for myself. I think I try to Juggle, I guess my time a bit better and you know, make sure that I do have some time away from the horse his I mean, have you take time like do you feel guilty when you take the time away from the waters out? You should be to be honest. Yes a lot of the time but I do try and maybe I don't know give myself a day off. I mean I'm saying that but I'm trying to think of the last thing I haven't had a day off, but I think definitely I try and plan one every now and then yeah. So I think it'll be like that then I guess probably once or twice a month. Yeah, I don't I mean to be honest. I love it and you just sort of keep going in there seems to always you know what, you know, it's like the horses there's always something to do. Yeah, I mean it was always on the Sundays. I feel I'm like, yeah, I mean, it's my own fault, you know, I can always plan. To have a day off is not like that. I can't have one off. But yeah, I just I just seem to keep going but I think you know, most people do don't they met it is I think it's rare that who you know who will see people have lots of days off. Do you think that's the biggest thing you've had to sacrifice then for like for your career is a normal life because you know, this is our no, I mean to be honest I've never felt it was a sacrifice because I've always loved it. You know, I love being around. Dennis oh thank you. But I think you know, sometimes you definitely get days when you think o to know what I don't I don't want to see a horse today, you know, that's normal. And I think yeah said you just have to have a little bit of time away and then come back a bit more fresh, don't you? Yeah, definitely. So what does your typical day look like an odd question again? Because it changes a lot. I know. Yeah, I guess it. Yeah, but mainly it would be You start around 7:00 7:30, and then I'd get to the yard and my groom Alex would you know help tack up a the first horse and then basically just keep hiding get through them like that. And then I would teach a little bit around. Midday. So most days and then so I have seven horses based with me at Bow Lake and then I have a few horses based with Figaro's owner about half an hour away. So I tend To do by horses at a lake in the morning teach a bit and then go and do the other horses in the afternoon. So yeah, I'd end up riding. I most a sort of nine ten horses a day. That's amazing. And with that it's going to be an obvious question. Do you feel like that holds your Fitness Enough by itself. Would you go to the gym as well? To be honest? I feel like it does hold my fitness, but I do also go to the gym. Wow. Yeah. Yeah, I mean to be honest I'm slacking at the moment. So it's not always perfect. I mean I go with my friend Jazz and jazz performer. And yeah, we tried to go twice three times a week but to be honest over Regional period at the moment we've been stuck in so we haven't actually been for a couple of weeks but we do tend to get a PT most times that we go because I think left it left to our own devices. We probably would get there and do that much with it when your When you've had a long day in you know, you're tired, but we definitely go and then try and work on you know that our core indefinitely, you know, so some of the weak areas that we have, you know with riding in we try to focus on them in the gym to maybe make that side stronger or you know things like are you doing in the gym then? So like core stuff in them. Did you wait do you do? Yeah, so we cardio or is it just Yeah, we do some weights and you know some isolations and weights, you know, it's a specific areas and you know, try and train the lower back in, you know, strength work for the lower back and we do some cardio and we do you know, it's like some planking and definitely some core app work out, but we try and just bury a lot of the time but, you know, definitely not to put on put on bulk but more cool. I want to look like the Incredible Hulk on a horse like the gym helps your guiding. Have you seen a difference because this is something I really struggled with like I've hit the gym hard before then I find there's so many variables with riding. It's hard to know if it's working. Yeah, exactly. I think I think also we've learned a little bit on how much we can and can't do because I think you know, we only managed as a quite competitive with each other so we've been to the gym and Overdone it and then you just end up tie and feel the next day not gonna ask out of Cara benefit crippled. So we definitely learned and we know what we can and can't do but I think that was now we've got a piece here. Anyway, they've got a sort of right I think properly together together going to the gyms. Yeah, you know like so Yeah, no, I think definitely together we end up just going ham and it's just yeah, hopefully not that productive. So the next thing I was going to ask you is do you find there's a big difference between the Eventing culture and the dressage culture and to be honest. I don't everyone said that and you know expected that when I got into the dress size, but not really I think I mean, I think actually, you know, I think there's good and bad about each discipline and you know, maybe some of the people but you know, I think on the whole people are very supportive and you know, there's a good bunt and the dress that I just well as there is a new event in yeah, definitely and I think I think the more you thought of getting to the Dress Arts community in the more people you meet I think a lot of people though supporter. Yeah each other. I think it's really interesting that you You say that I really wanted to ask you this because you seem like quite confident within your riding and I think what makes people feel that the genocide world isn't nice at their own insecurities. So because they're battling with not feeling happy with themselves. I think they think everyone else is looking at them in that way. Yeah, and I think you know, of course everyone wants to do a good job anything anyone sets out to do about job and you know, and I think definitely everyone wants to be seen to be a Good Rider in you know, and to be acknowledged for that and I think yeah, I think everyone's trying to do a good job. And I think you know, I've definitely learned I think you know before I was you know an on-ride I always remember definitely when I was younger and a Ross always been supportive of me always saying good luck always saying well done back to the when the days before I even started dress Arjun. I was just venting and you know, I just remember that meaning quite a lot to me, so I thought you know Absolutely. No one no one knows me. I've had no with no success, you know, and I remember used to be in warm-ups and thinking you know, how incredible some of these Riders were and you know, I think and I just wanted to be like them. So, you know the fact that someone like her would even acknowledge me with, you know meant quite a lot. So I always remember that and equally I think you remember some of the riders that maybe you looked up to that would walk past you're not even acknowledging and I think that equally sticks in your head as much and you know, and I think actually don't know what's better than anyone else and Actually, it's important to know stay well done or you know, good luck to someone because actually it could mean a lot to someone. Yeah, definitely and have you found out you've got better more people have been like high or is it not a definitely yeah. Definitely I but yeah and yeah, and of course you get some of the people so I knew you would always do well and I thought oh, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, but I mean, you know, that's fine. I think you know, I remember when I was. Go and I remember someone saying to me when I first went to get my event in job and saying that I wouldn't stick it and I wouldn't make a career of it. And I remember just thinking okay watch me and you know, and I've always had that sort of attitude and if I put my mind to something I'll just keep going until it happens. And of course you need a lot you need opportunities and you need luck along the way but I really do believe if you want something you just keep going and you work hard to try and achieve it and you feel like now in the warm-ups you because you're that person. Then I don't people look at them. They're like damn. I want a ride like him. You play quite conscious to talk to like everyone in the same way. Yeah, I think I think I always, you know, I always try and smile at people and you know and and would chat that I mean to be honest it sort of I don't ever think that people watch me ride and think that you know anything. Yeah, it's just, you know something that wouldn't even really go through my head. I mean Yeah, you know close to you. Just wanted to go and try and do a good job and I'm very lucky now that I have, you know good horses. And you know, I just always want to try and do my best job really? So yeah, but it sounds of it is how that you're saying that really humble with it because BD Now using you a lot in like the conventions and stuff. You will do very fluid Daniel backman, didn't you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was amazing. I mean to be Jonas I remember going a few years ago and what tin and I was thinking God I would love to ride it at somewhere like this. Like I'd love to be asked if no I didn't even like then I didn't even imagine that that would be possible to be honest. So yeah to be asked to take two horses was really cool. And yeah, it was it was it was great to take courses and that sort of atmosphere and 4bd to give me that opportunity. But yeah, Daniel was a great instructor and picked up quite a few good tips in the in that session do you get did you get nervous like Fighting in front of little people or does it just the same thing for you? Yeah. No, I didn't I didn't feel nervous at all. Yeah. Now, you know, I feel quite lucky to have good video on social media. Where you going. Did he go the wrong way or you learn to run tests? Oh, yeah. That was that the young horse young horse thing. Yeah. So I think the funny thing was I'd already discussed the test with their fav Bridge before I went in and I was quite sure I knew it. So I quite confidently going the wrong way. It's okay. Yeah, right. So moving forward with everything. Do you have any like plans and stone and you have any goals do you find goals are like big thing for you or do you just sort of go with the flow? Yeah, I think you know definitely I do have goals. I think I've learned over time to you know, you know, you try and have a long-term goal, but I think definitely I think I'm more realistic and that a lot of things, you know, things can go wrong, but you just have to make short-term goals and hopefully keep working towards the bigger goals, but I think you know to definitely keep training the Young Horses up through the levels and to hopefully establish myself this year at Grand Prix with Barry will yeah, we'd be moving into some Premier League's and things and aim for some International to a big that would be that would be good amazing and like looking into the Future Sounds like an Obvious question, do you look to sort of like go for the teams like the senior teams? Is that something that you'd want to do? Yeah. I mean, I think it's probably most people's trained to do that. Yeah, you know, I think with so many amazing riders in this country with good horsepower. And you know, I think just keep working at it really and you know if we're good enough then crate, but yeah, it was just huge to see if you got to the end of your career and that didn't happen with you still feel. Cell door. Would there be a part that was missing? Probably if you ask me sort of five six years ago, I'd probably say yeah, I would feel unfulfilled but I think you know, you just have to be realistic with the circumstances you've got and yeah, I think you know, I try and definitely enjoy I really enjoyed the training of the young horses and competing and I think you know, I'm very lucky to do what I've done already and yeah, just go and see what happens. Really and from a business side of things. Is there anything like you're wanting to grow with that or are you just going to keep chipping away what you're doing at the moment. Well, I am now definitely taking on Morty cheering. Yeah doing more clinics and trying to sort of manage my time a bit better between writing and teaching and I do really enjoy helping people. So I hope quite a few event Riders now and Teaching. Yeah, I sort of do a few different clinics a month. Yeah, but yeah, I really enjoy did you feel teaching alone is enough to for you to be able to do this as a career. Does it like financially support you? Yeah, definitely. I mean, I have a couple of my own courses and then you know lucky enough to have some good owners. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean probably, you know to make serious money selling hot seller horse at some point but ever been yeah, never been something that I found easy to do, but I think everything's that yeah, maybe you know in the future, you know for business, you know, if it if the right offer comes along and Will you know have my covid then something? Maybe I need to do but yeah, definitely I think at the moment just the teaching and riding is helping so it is possible to do that so good so you could wring your 16 year old self and yeah him three bits of advice. What would they be you can take your time with this because everyone does and I edit out it's so so to give free pieces of advice. Did you say? Yeah. So you can ring them and you know, this is your one chance to sort of give you a younger self some advice. I think when I was younger, I was so ambitious and a bit naive and probably thought it would happen, you know a lot easier than it would be maybe a lot easier than it is, but I think you know just to be realistic, you know, keep working on your goals, but don't be disappointed and you know Going but I think also try not to I think when I was younger, you always used to watch other Young Riders and see what they were doing. And I remember watching some good event Riders like Georgie Spencer Laura Collins said, you know who are very successful is younger Riders and thinking oh God. I'm not at even half of what they are. And you know, yeah and I think that actually you just got to you know, stay do stay in your own lane and do what you're doing and just yeah. Riders I have not really to be honest. No, I mean, of course when we watch Charlotte will just like oh my God, why why does she just hit there? And they just go like that of course we've got started in think that but no, I think I don't have a lot of it. Jazz outages ride is that I look up to but I think no you just definitely I spend a lot of times, you know, sitting and watching it championships and you know and taking the good bits that I like about Riders and maybe you know think I actually took that last not a bad person to try and emulate but yeah, no, definitely I think now probably a bit of advice would be yeah just to you know, just to not be don't focus on anyone else in Just Do Your Own Thing Really? That's so good. That's it's amazing. Like so many people that I've done this with now that's been the solid bit of advice. Really? Yeah. How old are you now? 28 and 29 in May. Yeah, cuz everybody I've done is been about like that age. It's incredible to see from like 16 to then how much change yeah, it's so cool. Yeah, so if people want to follow your journey, how do they find you on social media? Yeah. So I've got Facebook my Facebook page is that in Morgan? Just Arjun Eventing and then I'm on Instagram. I think that Danny Morgan. Yeah. And if they want to have a lesson with you, how do they how they get hold of you for that just like the yummy. Yeah, so you can either go to one of my pages or if you go to my website, which is Danny Morgan.com. There should be a link on there with an email that you can contact through that cool. And do you teach Eventing and dressage? Yeah, I do definitely I do some clinics which you know, mainly event dressage and You know, I do have people that come to where I'm based and I do some clinics every month or two, you know, just for more dressage Riders awesome, right? Well, thank you so much for doing this. Did you have fun? Yeah, they definitely I think I warmed up as we won't go through cocoa beans. So there you have it guys. That is the end of this interview with Danny Morgan. He was so lovely chat to such a nice. Nice guy and I really hope you guys enjoyed it as well. So if you did make sure to share this on social media. The easiest way is sharing it on stories and make sure to tag a both of us in it and write a little Spiel so we know what you thought about it. If you don't want to put it out publicly, you can always DM. I'm sure Danny won't mind and I definitely don't but yeah, this is where I'm gonna love you and leave you and I can't wait to bring the next one to you. So stay tuned and it will be out very soon.