What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of People I knew their faces but not like them and I didn't come to a community. I just kind of came with a clean slate but nothing was really there. And so it was kind of having to navigate my way around and personally, I don't like change. So that's a real big struggle that I had there. Yeah change change is really hard. So like when we first get to College, we have this like picture of like what we expect that it's going to be like in the movies and I was just like parties and fun and friends all the time. I'm but that was a little bit different for you. Would you say that definitely so how do you think I like coming to college with those kind of expectations and then walking into something so differently affected your view of where you are like in college and that season alive it was it was like I use this weird analogy. It's really funny to me. I found out I found it was on a tweak going to college is like crossing a street looking both ways then getting hit by an arrow. So that is kind of like what it was like it is you expect something but what you expected was not what you expected and I didn't really see like I didn't see myself going the regular College route as socially I was really focused on academics to and I was like, I'll be fine, but then I realized that I could demux was not everything and that social aspect was crucial for me and it took me a long time to find it. Yeah, so that was the hardest part I think so. I think it'd be really good for us to kind of Define what loneliness is because it can have so many different missions to different experiences in your words and your experience. What do you what would you say loneliness is how would you define that? I would say loneliness is an internal battle. It's definitely internal I think more than physical because you can be present with people and appear to be full but really just Hollow on the inside. And loneliness is kind of being alone and feeling that way. I know my loneliness to me was being alone and what you're feeling. Yeah, and not being able to relate to anyone else not being able to connect and having disconnect. I mean you're isolated and being isolated as a scary place to be and it's where I was and just being isolated from a community isolated from being poured into is kind of scary like that. So that's what I would think loneliness has a nutshell. Well, yeah, no for sure. Thank you for that. What do you think or how are you navigating loneliness? Like what would you turn to like? What would you do to kind of like fill that kind of void before like Community came into the picture for you? I mean I was strong in my faith that that point I mean I've gotten I've leveled up throughout the semesters. Thank you Jesus, but definitely staying in the word staying connected with my parents who are wonderfully. Godly people friends back home who are Godly friends, that would really encourage me even though the distance was hard. Oh, yeah. But yeah, so I would just have to say I'd have to stay in the word. I'd had to be encouraged by Voices that you know weren't here. Yeah, but that's still I don't say wasn't enough but I needed to be present with people because I'm a human being that God made that was created for Community. Yeah, so there was a huge hole. Hole in me that craved that so badly. But yeah, just trying to stay consistent in the word, which was not by the way. It was really hard to do, especially in that state, but trying to Realize that you know, I wasn't alone that God was with me but I needed people. So yeah, and one thing that you mentioned before was the need for community and you found that yeah because we're here and it's yeah, we love it. It's a miracle. Can you talk to us about how Community changed loneliness for you? Oh man. Well it started when I went to spring break. Yeah spring break Shout Out come on over, but I went there and I'd be going to college. For a little bit, but you know, I'd get overwhelmed from school and I wouldn't go but when I finally went to spring break I realized that there's this amazing community of Jesus lovers will just pull people's like what and so I kind of just got to share part of me with them and well now you because you're my friend now Charles and I just got to meet so many people and realize that I was nowhere near alone and over the years. I was able to get more connect or not years like semester. So yeah. Yeah Sylvester's I just get more connected and more connected and now here we are. Yeah, it's an amazing story because it's something that I remember being on my dorm room floor. Just crying out to God for and he's blessed me in that in tenfold. So that Community is such a huge thing for people because we were created for one another we need those relationships and when we find that such a fulfilling feeling though that we don't have to feel alone we can feel Protected and surrounded by people who who are around us. You know, like they become like our friends they become our family and that's like an incredible awesome things what other things would you want to say about the impact of community in your season of loneliness? I would say that what really helped me with the communities that they were willing to listen. They were willing to hear about my life where I came from my story. Am I? Okay? Am I not if I'm not okay, it's fine. Like I was just so assured and soul of Don. Yeah, because when I the church I came from I was always I grew up in that church. I was always the one welcoming people. I was never the one welcomed and so that was new to me. But now that I was just received with open arms with an awesome Community was life-changing. Yeah, like being completely honest. That's great. That's amazing. I promise you this before. What do you what would you actually Define community as o life? Giving people period okay because I love to leave like a conversation with a friend at coffee or from Sunday night here at College hides or something like that. I love to leave feeling that I was poured into somehow by just loving people that love me too and like that's fulfilling and those are the good kind of fulfilling. Yeah. That's right. That's awesome. So let's just do some comparison. Okay, let's have loneliness. Us on our left and community on our right. Can you tell us a remind us again what the difference of those things are and then what changes within us when those things when Community overwhelms loneliness? Well, they're both on they the thing is is they can be physically opposite on spectrums, but they can also be kind of together because you can be in a community but still feel alone. Like I said before your emotions you feel like you can't relate to anyone. And that's one thing that I love about relationship any relationship with the Lord is that he understands this emotions read Hebrews Allure All About all about it. But so like within Community you can still feel alone. But like I said with life fulfilling Community those go like Polar Opposites because Community when it is like God just pours into it and people pour into you. It just completely drowns out. Yeah the loneliness and I'm not saying completely. Because it's an emotion that is always going to be there and sneak up on us because hey Humanity but it is a wonderful place to invite God into and say okay God, I'm feeling this way. I really don't like it. I've been there before bring me my community give me opportunities to kind of go from there and I think going back whenever you kind of go back to those hard spots and being vulnerable. That is the perfect opportunity to get centered with God every time. Why do you say that vulnerability is like kind of a key to being centered with god. Well being vulnerable being yourself a create siletz down your guard it creates connection. Like I said before when you get those emotions that you don't think people can understand or you can't even understand he does. Yeah, and you can it's hard to do that when you're not vulnerable sure and that's something that I've had to learn and that every everyone has to learn to like an analogy and tell me you told me from like this is totally off. But I told you that kind of comes to mind is loneliness being like a half like full glass of water and there's no really way normal way for that to be filled up because there's no one to like come alongside you and fill you up in that way. But what I hear is like when you're talking about Community, it says if like you have this glass of water and you pour yourself out and you are Honorable people in your available and you're connecting with people but then what a healthy Community does is they come alongside you and then fill you up as you pour yourself out to you. What would you say that's like inaccurate definitely think definitely I have not been like I've been ported to buy this community which is going to mazing but I feel like I've been able to pour out so much more and not feel drained by doing that because when I came and I, you know, I wanted I want to love people I want to love people. That's what my life calling and it's hard. Yeah, but what I want to do and whenever I came before my community, it was so hard to pour out because it just kept raining. But when I important to my community like weekly or daily I can still keep pouring out and it's the water is still flowing. So one thing we just we just want to gas up Taylor super quick is Taylor is a rock star. I've personally been able to see Taylor's like kind of transformation as she walks as she's walked into this community and one thing that sticks out is something Preacher said in a podcast years ago, but he said that you can only be a source of life when you're connected to or source of life. And if you're not connected to a source of life, like there's no sustainable way to thrive, you know, so in terms of community like I've seen Taylor's transformation between walking into college age and just kind of doing her own thing, but then coming into this community and now she's just like someone who's all in super bubbly always trying to Contact reach out to people and she's been just a loving Force for this community and it's been amazing. So like we are just so incredibly proud of you like on the real Taylor You've grown and it's been amazing to see and we just want to thank you for coming because your story impacts way more than just one person because this is a universal thing, you know, and people being able to watch your journey from coming to a place of loyalists and coming into being a source of life for those around them like that since Sorry, and that's huge. So thank you so much. Thank you. Of course it's a hard thing that a lot of people want to talk about or if it's not talked about because this other image of college overshadows it but it's a real thing and it's part of my story and I'm glad to share it because I would love to lift it up for anyone who wants to relate to it. So one thing that we want to like mentioned before we sign off is just like if you find yourself like I'm lonely that is not a place that you have to stay and like finding Community as Taylor. What do you say was Finding Community? Like the easiest thing for you? Did it take some time it I fat I've found I located it. I located that okay. I can this is kind of where I want to be but I don't know how to get plugged in or how but once I did. Oh my goodness everything just flowed and you sometimes you do have to put yourself out there. And I mean like you can like praying to when I pray to God I'm like I need to bring this. He's like, okay, I have that place for you now, go grab it. I'm like no. Okay. It's like a leap of faith is what I did and I'm so glad that God gave me the opportunity to do it and of all places Joplin Missouri, right? I'm so happy to be here fix it. No one would if I know but here we are here we are loving it. But if you guys do Do find yourself experiencing loneliness? Please be inspired by Taylor story and keep reaching out for Community. Keep praying for Community. Sometimes communities not going to walk through your doors. Sometimes you have to walk through their door and then keep walking coming back. But please know that you're not alone even in your loneliness. There's always a place for you because God has people who are ready and willing to love you if you continue to pray and soon as we reach out because they are there waiting for you. Well, thank you guys so much really? We enjoyed the podcast Taylor. Thank you for coming. Thank you for having me. Yeah, no problem. Do you follow along with us on our podcast? We love you guys and we'll see you next time.