Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy and this is quite unfortunate because it leaves many people in this world unfulfilled both the men and the women, you know the women because most men can't keep up with her partner's let's face it, you know the majority of men ejaculate within about three minutes of having sex and Men themselves are unfulfilled because they're not experiencing nearly the orgasmic potential that they could be experiencing, you know, if they're ejaculating within 10 minutes, they're not nearly getting into these High full body States of Which they can have over and over so let's look a bit about let's look at the ejaculatory orgasm and the limitations that it has. So what's happening when a man's ejaculating. He's releasing the life force from his body, you know, semen is the essence of the body, you know, an esoteric Traditions. There's this great emphasis on guarding the semen and not just tossing it aside lightly because it's really the root of your entire being it's the root of Your vitality, you know and on No More Physical level the semen is loaded with enzymes with nutrients just loaded with basically the body puts its breath best resources into creating semen and it puts a priority on creating semen sometimes at the sacrifice of your health, you know it if it doesn't have the resources it needs it's going to pull them from the organs from the spinal fluid from the brain. And so when you're just constantly dumping out this this nutrient rich life force Rich fluid for nothing, then you're going to end up in a Pleated State and looking at this on another level just as far as sexual performance again, when a man ejaculates, he he's done. It's over. You know, he usually has to recover, you know, some men they're able to get an erection back in 20 minutes if they're young and healthy, but for a lot of men it takes a lot longer some men have to wait hours some men feel depleted four days after ejaculating. So and for what, you know for the orgasm, but the thing is you can separate orgasm from ejaculation. We've just been conditioned to believe that they're one and the same thing because they happen to occur at the same time. But these two processes can actually be separated. Of course, it takes some practice it takes some training and you know, it takes it takes knowing what you're doing, but you can do this. And so when you're able to separate orgasm from ejaculation, then you no longer have to experience that refractory period from a jack Asian when when you ejaculate hormonal changes happen in the body following ejaculation, the body secretes prolactin prolactin is a hormone, which it tends to be associated with more feminine traits, you know, it's the reason you feel tired you feel lazy and unmotivated after ejaculating the release of prolactin suppresses your testosterone. So you feel less masculine and driven and you feel more like laying on the bed falling asleep, you know you May not even feel like connecting with your partner. So men who are constantly ejaculating have this excessively high level of prolactin and their bloodstream, which means that their testosterone is low and they're feeling these symptoms of of apathy unmotivated feeling unmotivated the more feminine qualities of our beans and you know, it's fine when it's here and there but when you're living your entire life in the state and we look around this world, you know, how many people are just kind of floating through life there? They're not able to create the life that they want. They don't have the energy levels that they want to make things happen running on caffeine running on drugs and things like that. So so many people in this world are functioning in a depleted State and for men a large part of this is excess ejaculation. And again, this comes down to you don't have to ejaculate every time you have sex and you don't have to ejaculate to experience orgasm. So let's talk about the different types of orgasm. Men can experience and we could really separate orgasms. I would I consider orgasms typically as two different types of orgasm. We have Peak orgasms and we have what's known in the tantric tradition as Valley orgasms. So Peak orgasm is what all men are familiar with this is the ejaculatory orgasm and it's a peak orgasm because it has a definite beginning a middle and an end. So it's like once it hits, you know, it's there. It's like, oh here it is. Here. It comes it lasts about you know, 10 to 15 seconds and then it drops off it's gone. So it's very short-lived. It's very intense, but it's very very short-lived. It's very elusive. It's there then it's gone and you want to chase after it again and again, but you know because it drains your energy the ejaculatory orgasm is a depleting orgasm. Your energy is Flowing downward and outward out of your body. And so being reliant on this type of orgasm getting addicted to this type of orgasm it can only Lead you to depletion. No, you're doing it every day. And so so many men are addicted to this type of orgasm because it is a release again in our are overworked. Our overstressed world were often hooked on having some sort of release and so many men get addicted to just releasing all this energy because they feel unmotivated they feel relaxed. They feel quite numb after this type of orgasm and that becomes addictive it becomes like this opiate for men. You know, that that numbness Emptiness following ejaculation and then there's the valley orgasm. So the value orgasm is much more subtle in the beginning. It's easy to overlook. It has no real specific beginning and it can be sustained for a very long period of time it's more of a state of orgasm than a than a short-lived experience like the you know the peak orgasm again. It's very very obvious. It's it soap here it is these intense pulsations my genitals and then it's gone. I feel tired. I feel that I've released my energy and I no longer have that that sex that sexual desire is gone. Well with the value orgasm, there's no release in your energy. You just keeps building and building and inside the body. The energy is actually moving upwards through the body through the energy channels of the body. They're overflowing with this orgasmic energy your whole body's pulsing with energy and this brings you into this altered state of feeling deeply connected to your partner deeply connected to yourself deeply connected to the universe. Even you it really opens your heart and you start to experience a greater. Shift in your Consciousness really again. This is such a powerful and profound experience that can be so healing and because again, the energy is Flowing upward in the body. It's recycling through the body it never has to end but here's the thing. There's no release associated with it. You don't release your energy just keeps building and building so often men don't realize that they've had this type of orgasm because they still have that sexual desire. It's that that sexual fire. still burning, right and you don't ever really want to lose your sexual desire completely, you know, it's a bit like like if you're eating food, you know, you don't want to eat until you're like completely stuffed and full and you feel sick, right the same thing with sex you don't want to have sex until you've completely dumped out all of your energy and you have absolutely no desire to feel sexual connection, you know, so you always want to have that little bit of sexual drive and so the valley orgasm again it puts You into this deep expanded state of openness. It's like as men we're so concentrated on our genitals. So concentrated on the penis and the sensations that are happening with it. Well the valley orgasm starts to spread through your entire body. So with the peak orgasm all this pressure builds up in the genitals, you know, the The Sexual Energy starts to expand it becomes very crowded in the balls, right? It has to move somewhere. So it explodes out the penis because that's the path of least resistance for most most men is the sexual energy is just ejaculate out the penis. Well when you create a new pathway in the body, then you can start to bring the Sexual Energy throughout the body instead of instead of moving it outwards you move it upwards. So in Taoist practice, There's an energy channels known as the microcosmic orbit is very famous practice in in the Taoist the chi gong traditions. And so the microcosmic orbit is actually to energy channels the first one starts at the perineum the pelvic floor travels up the back of the body of the spine in the crown of the head and ends at the roof of the mouth the front Channel again starts the perineum it goes up the front of the body and ends at the tip of the tongue. So you place the tongue to the roof of the mouth. Next these two channels and it creates this Circuit of energy and now you have a pathway to move your sexual energy and this microcosmic orbit and it just Loops throughout the body this infinite Loop, you know, the back channel is considered to be the fire channel has this upward Rising quality to it. The front channel is considered to be in and it drops down from the body. So you bring your Sexual Energy up the back of the body you bring it down the front by doing this you have a pathway again to move this This arousal so as it builds up in the genitals, you simply start to guide it upwards through the microcosmic orbit. And as it moves it starts to build up and build up and the whole body gets into this full body orgasm this this pulsation and it's extremely pleasurable. I remember the first time I experienced this It was a completely different experience. So I was I was having sex with my partner and you know, I was breathing through my Orbit. I was guiding this energy upwards in my body and all of a sudden I started to get this sensation in my it started in my belly and it felt like butterflies like when you're really nervous or something, but there was this deeply sexual orgasmic quality to it was like this orgasm starting to build in my belly and it felt extremely pleasurable, but it wasn't like we were having an executory orgasm where it's just like Boom boom boom you'll just shooting out and it's gone. It was very slow and deep and sustained but it just started building and building like waves, you know, it starts to spread up into my heart in my chest and started to spread up into my head Center into my brain. I felt my my Consciousness expanding, you know, it was very very powerful. It actually frightened me a little bit because it was just such an unusual experience for me and it just opened me right up. You know, I wasn't sure if I was ready for that level of openness at that time, so I actually resisted it a little bit and then It stopped and what I found was that through practice once I was able to really it's a matter of opening yourself because most men in this world were closed down with tension, you know, we've experienced traumas or blockages in our life, you know intense emotions and we've learned to close ourselves off. No, I'm not going to feel this emotion. I'm just going to bury it, you know, I'm going to flex my muscles and just keep it, you know lockdown they're tightly and what this does is it creates blockages in our body. Your body becomes rigid becomes tight you're holding on to All this tension, so there's nowhere in the body for the sexual energy to move but out the penis. So when you start to have an internal practice no doing sexual Kung Fu practices. I found that certain Yoga practices breath work and she Kong and internal meditation practices are very very valuable. Very important for opening up the body. Again, clearing out these blockages and creating space in the body. So you can start to move this Sexual Energy upwards. So you can reconnect your whole body with this sexual orgasmic energy instead of it just being stuck in the penis, you know, because most men they experience sex entirely from basically from their heads and from there from their dicks. It's like, you know the head is this this fantasizing, you know, this very mental driven approach to sex like thinking about The woman's body or fantasizing about someone else things like that. So all these arousing thoughts in the head and then they're just feeling what they're feeling in the penis and that's the extent of the experience and that's fine, you know, but we can experience much much more than that. When you get the whole body open and involved in this process, then you start to experience again, these full body states of orgasm which are so much more powerful than the ejaculatory orgasm because again, they don't leave you feeling drained and depleted and you don't want to roll over and fall asleep you feel Energized after these types of orgasms you feel inspired you feel open you feel creative know you're going to want to like paint a picture or write a song something, you know, share this feeling with the world. That's how it feels and to me this is what sexuality is truly about is getting into these deeply open Connected States reconnecting with our creativity and this inherent joy and excitement that that is our Birthright, you know, As children we were so excited about things everything was a game everything was playful and we just flowed through everything. We always found a way to make every situation fun. Right? Joyful, using our imaginations and somewhere along the line as we reach adulthood. We start to close ourselves down everything becomes so serious, you know, and we just get so stuck in these ideas about who we think we are who we should be. Oh, I don't want to I don't want them to think badly about me and I'm going to put on this act and we lose that that childlike. Since that playfulness that joy and so opening yourself back up opening the body up through sexual conflict practices working with the Sexual Energy experiencing. These full body subtle orgasms is such a healing practice to bring you back into that state of openness of joy of inspiration and another benefit to being able to experience this type of orgasm. Is that for men. It allows them to last much longer in the bedroom. Now as I mentioned before most men ejaculate It immediately during sex and so this creates this sort of friction between partners because they're not really satisfied. You know, the woman isn't feeling Satisfied by her man and the man himself is not really satisfied the by the whole experience of ejaculating immediately, but he doesn't really know what else to do, right? So it becomes a very becomes a very difficult and painful situation, you know to be honest about it. But once you train yourself to be able to hold this High charge of sexual energy without ejaculating Have these internal orgasms. It changes the whole dynamic of sex no and no longer becomes this game of like, okay. Can I just rush into my orgasm, you know get my orgasm take my orgasm then it's over and I'll go to sleep instead of that. It prolongs the act of sex you start to connect deeper with your partner because again, you're no longer trying to rush into this peak orgasm to just release your energy your constantly building your energy exchanging it with your partner building and building and because you can have these Orgasms over and over and over again. They're really never has to be an end to it and you don't have to experience that ejaculatory orgasm. If you choose not to you know, and therefore there's no recovery period after ejaculating which means that you're ready to go whenever you want, you know, a lot of men ask me when I'm talking about semen retention and they say, oh, well, you must like never have sex that sounds really boring. But the reality is it's quite the opposite, you know, I was able to have much more sex and much more fulfilling sex when I started practicing Senior attention because I learned how to have non ejaculatory sex still have incredible orgasms and it just it changes everything it changes everything in your life. You have more energy through the day, you know, so many people are running on caffeine. They're burned out, you know, and when you're building up your energy from not ejaculating all the time and you're having this incredible sex where your sexual energies is pouring through your whole body. It charges you up you feel driven you feel confident you feel feel purposeful and you feel happy and fulfilled most of all so there's so many benefits to evolving your approach to to experience a greater experience of sex basically. Okay, so I've talked about a lot. So how do we actually start to do this? The most important thing is to work with the microcosmic orbit. I have a meditation a guided meditation practice on my YouTube channel. You just look up sexual. Kongfu microcosmic orbit. You'll find it. So again, this energy channel is the most important thing first of all to have it open and what you'll do is start to focus on bringing your sexual energy through it. So you'll probably want to try this on your own first because it's a little more difficult to try to learn this stuff when you're with a partner, you know, it's there's so much more excitement stimulation, but basically just start to as you're being stimulated sexually stimulated where the whether you're doing it your partner's doing it just start to focus on this energy channel the microcosmic orbit or even just focusing on the breath just if breathing deeply from the belly keep your breath slow and deep. We often completely neglect our breath throughout life but through sex especially and by deepening the breath breathing deep abdominal breaths from the belly you start to create this bigger container to to fill your body with sexual energy and you'll be able to experience much much more pleasure. So just focus on drawing out that sexual stimulation instead of tensing up and trying to rush into that orgasm. Like so many people. Do you really can't force the value orgasm something you must Open up to so just focus on the sensations that are happening. Don't worry about like trying to intimidate them over the edge to orgasm just focus on what you are feeling and by amplifying your awareness of each sensation. You're going to amplify that orgasmic sensation. So just breathing moving slowly focusing on what's Happening keeping relaxed and see if you can guide that energy upwards in your body. And then as you start to approach The Edge The Edge being the point at which you would ejaculate stop. Before you reach the edge, but when you're in a point of higher arousal just stop and just notice how that feels say. Wow. How am I feeling right. Now? What is this feeling of arousal feel like in my body? Can I move it through my body and just play with it a little bit. So basically once you learn to have these multiple full body orgasm without ejaculating you become a master of your body and you become a Master of Sex. You can start to last for hours to be able to control your Jackie Elation, please your partner on a higher level and please yourself on a higher level as well. You know, this is a great decision to make to improve your health your quality of life. Your relationships. Everything reflect is reflected by your sexual experience. So deepening your sexual experience is one of the greatest things you can do for your life. So if you're interested in learning more about this, first of all, grab my free ejaculation control guide, there should be a link in the description below and my six week course multi-orgasmic man, which goes in depth into controlling sexual. G having full-body orgasms and exchanging the Synergy with the partner. So again, there's a link to that is in the description below or you can head over to my website Jonathan White Lifestyle.com. That's Jo hn 80 Haan Jonathan White Lifestyle.com. All right. Thank you so much for joining me today and I will see you next time on the sexual Kung Fu podcast.