Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked toObey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we are discussing the The Irish primary PE curriculum and more so what it will become and then a little bit about what it was before. So personally, I've been interested in physical education and how it works in other countries and contexts. So let's start with a bit of an introduction Liam. Can you give a brief background of yourself first? So listeners kind of get where you're coming from in discussing the primary PE curriculum in Ireland. Yeah here is still and just say thanks very much for the invite to come. Today and speak about primary p and Ireland so just a bit of background on myself. So I am a primary school teacher and I suppose during my undergraduate. I would have specialized in the area of PE and Ireland it's generalist and teachers at primary level, but I had an opportunity to specialize in therapy and I suppose that kind of sparked my interest in it and from that I suppose I am I taught for a number years before going back and doing some postgraduate study and did my PhD in the area. Area of primary p and after that I kind of split my time between teaching and school and also doing a little bit of teaching University and moving on and then to work in full-time in professional development in the area of primary p. M-- and as this as you mentioned earlier, I'm currently the co-chair of the Irish primary piece oscillation. So just again give a little background on us where a vast voluntary organization and I suppose we're there to help expose kind of inform primary teachers in Ireland. Original research and like this podcast, you know and resources that are out there and support them and to workshops conferences and also I supposed to advocate for like hopefully what we'll do today for, you know positive changes in the curriculum in the area of primary P, right? And so just to make sure who is responsible for teaching primary PE in Ireland. Is that the classroom teacher or is it a licensed teacher for physical education? Yeah, so in Ireland, all primary education is delivered by a generalist teacher. So it's the one teacher who delivers. I think there's 11 subjects under primary curriculum. So it is a generalist teacher as part of will say your teacher education. We do receive a modules in the area of physical education. So I think on average in Ireland, I think it's about 40 to 50 hours in will say p will be what you would guest and in your undergrad and See then there is opportunities for professional development available outside of that. So yeah in Ireland it is generous teachers who are delivering a p at primary level. Okay, and then can you kind of give an overview? What is the curriculum like now for primary p in Ireland? Yeah. So at the moment we're working off the 1999 curriculum, which is actually as you can see it's quite old and I think it's one of the oldest if not the oldest in Europe. So what that is what we're working on. Off at the moment. It's I suppose again to give the background primary schools in Ireland from about Age 5 to age 12 and I suppose what it looks like is it's organized at the moment primarily by content areas. So there are six what we call Strands. So there's games there's dance there's gymnastics. There's atletic there's outdoor adventure activities and there's a quadratic and I suppose within each of those strands then A broken down a little bit further and into what we call Strand units. And so for example say if we had Athletics within Athletics, then you'll have things like running jumping throwing and then underneath has to be a number of objectives for let's say what the child should be able to do at different ages throughout their Primary School Journey. So say if you're sticking with the running one, maybe you know, what was a run continuously for whatever 30 seconds or a minute and younger ages and as Progress that that time grows grows more so it is primarily organized by those content areas those strands but also I suppose there's a number of principles that I suppose are intended to be used throughout the curriculum as well, you know maximum participation focus on enjoyment a balance between competitive non-competitive activities and some of these principles I suppose that are intended to go across all of the content areas. And I suppose as well to say that at the moment. There's currently a 60 Minutes time allocation for physical education each week. So what is mandated that all our primary school children should be getting a minimum of 60 Minutes physical education or week and then 60 Minutes currently speaking is you can do it in one day or you could do it, you know a few minutes every day or how that's not mandated, right? Yeah. No, it's not mandated. It so it just says you need 60 Minutes a week. And so I suppose a lot of what we would see would be maybe two 30-minute slots. Sometimes it's 160 minutes lat and I suppose unfortunately, there is some kind of research saying that we're not quite hitting that figure in all in all cases. And I think there was a study done there recently. I think it was a little bit back and it was saying there was an average of like 46 minutes was what was working. Look for a lot of children. And even I think there was another study saying that you know one in five we're getting less than 30 minutes a week. So I suppose while it's down as a minimum of 60 Minutes a week in reality and might not necessarily be there in all instances. Now, of course, there's lots of schools that are doing above and beyond that but there does seem that there are some that are not even meeting that minimum requirement at the moment. Yeah, and I think that there are other countries that have a similar model in the sense that General is teachers are teaching primary PE and I know certain states in the US for instance California allows that but they also do have some you know physical education teachers in there. So my question to you is who who monitors that 60 Minutes. Is there any kind of is it just like a self-report or are there audits or anything or you know what happens to the schools that are only getting on average 46 minutes? Yeah, I suppose at the moment monitoring is with the Department of Education the inspectorate so they will go around to schools and do they might do we'll say our whole school inspection where they're looking more generally across the school and they might identify a couple of areas or they could identify subject inspection and say were looking at physical education within the school. Now again, that doesn't happen to every school every year, you know could be a few years in between. Actions and within that as well when their commune I suppose they're just seeing snapshot on that particular day and they're maybe looking at their records or the planning records. So I think it's quite hard to I suppose monitor or to identify, you know, who's been doing the exact amount of minutes of let's say each the curricular areas because as mentioned earlier, there are like 11 subjects on the primary school curriculum, and I suppose that is something that has been highlighted with the 99 curriculum. In terms of curriculum overload that it is very hard. There's not enough minutes in the day to find time for everything. So unfortunately, maybe P has been one that has missed out maybe with a bit more of an emphasis on things like literacy and numeracy in recent Years. Hopefully, you know, that's something that the tide is turning, you know, we're seeing how important it is, but I suppose there isn't any you know, I suppose we of exactly knowing I would say exactly how many schools Our meeting that 60 minutes. Yeah, it is interesting. There's Worlds Apart but so close in you know, what's happening in the US as well. So so what are the teachers and students experiences within the current curriculum as it stands? Yeah. So I suppose that like, you know, there are lots of good things happening. There are lots of good experiences, but also there are lots of things that could be worked on as we're kind of looking ahead towards you know, the Out of this curriculum. So I suppose one thing would be yet. So the reports of not getting the full time allocation will be one thing and then I suppose another big thing coming out would be I suppose a dominance of games as a particular strand that is one of six areas within the curriculum, but it seems that there is an overemphasis on that. I think as you mentioned that something that we see in other Educational Systems as well in terms of physical education, so that games dominate curriculum You know, it's good for some children, but not for all children and you know, so I suppose the intention of the 99 curriculum is that you get a broad and balanced in terms of across the six areas. Now again, there could be some criticism of that and that I suppose how much depth can you get into in any one area? If you've only got maybe four to six weeks if you're equally dividing across the year. So there are of course, you know those issues with that kind of that multi. I suppose multi-sport or multi. Skills approach to primary curriculum so that that is it a challenge in itself to and I suppose also maybe even the there can be a bit of a Reliance on maybe a direct teaching approach, you know in that as you know, it's teacher-led loss and I suppose there is a lot of research out there about other approaches, you know different curriculum models even things like that have been shown to be really positive in terms of you know, students engagement with physical education. So I That would be something again and that I suppose seems to be common. Is that kind of you know, that that direct approach and I suppose then as well there are issues in terms of teachers competence with certain areas in particular of the curriculum. So things like gymnastics and dance seem to have a lower optic apps than other will say content areas identified in the curriculum. And again with sometimes teachers identifying, you know, not feeling confident. In those areas and I suppose maybe teaching two more to the areas that they are more confident day. Now again, that's kind of like you were saying, you know, is there any monitoring or there are no there are things like we have the active School flag and it should do which is a great initiative which kind of the look to identify schools that are delivering that Broad and balanced curriculum covering all the areas, you know, they receive a reward or a flag. I suppose that they can fly out their schools show, you know us that we are I'm an active School. We're delivering a quality TV programs. There are initiatives there too. I suppose try and support schools and to go towards, you know, making sure that they are covering the full curriculum but it is something that I think a lot of schools and teachers can find a bit challenging and I and we'll get to the Redevelopment a little bit but have there been a lot of development developments in primary PE in Ireland in the recent years. I mean you did talk about the 90 curriculum being also have there been developments and there yeah there definitely has been lots of good stuff going on in the meantime. So I suppose in some ways maybe practice in some areas has gone past the 99 curriculum and another areas. It has an actually fully as we said I suppose implemented it but things like, you know, even within the teacher education in Ireland, I mentioned that I did I had the opportunity to specialize briefly in the area of pee. As part of my generalist primary teaching degree. I would have done maybe one module but there has been changes in the last I think maybe three four years where there is additional time now in teacher education for students to choose an area to specialize in so you will have students now coming out if they choose p as their major specialism with a lot more expertise and having spent a lot more time thinking about and I suppose preparing for an engaging with physical education. So I think - go Heart of teachers is quite positive and we're seeing that those teachers are having a positive effect in schools in terms of you know their own teaching but also supporting their colleagues within in school and I suppose also there has been a really big focus on physical literacy and the last number of years. So there's been a national program of professional development in the area of physical literacy where I think every school in Ireland is nearly engaged at this stage or they've been invited to engage with it and within last they're initially there's been a big focus on the development fundamental movement skills. And as we're currently speaking that is extending out to other areas of physical literacy over the current school year and I know they're looking at motivation and confidence in the year ahead. So I suppose there are you know positives and that there is professional development particularly in the last number of years coming on stream at a national level I suppose. Isn't our organization Irish primary piece Association, we would be involved in we have an annual conference. We provide workshops. And also I suppose we would have been there in the development of communities you practice so there is support there for teachers. Obviously. We hope it's going to be extended and enhanced as we go ahead. So but there are you know, there has been some positive stuff. I'm going on I suppose since the 99 curriculum, right and so speaking of this. Kind of moving towards the Redevelopment part. So as I understand in our conversations one of the reasons, I you know why I wanted to have you on here is that the whole primary curriculum is now officially being redeveloped. So what's the process for this and what's happened so far? Yeah, so it's kind of interesting in that I suppose it's not just the PE area and that's being redeveloped. So it's the whole primary still Age 5 to 12. It's kind of like Oh blank page will watch you want this to look like in Ireland and I suppose it's being done in the kind of a staged approach. So at more length and area of languages. So Irish English, they've been addressed first and that's currently ongoing at the moment in terms of a new career. Glum and fashionable and for teachers in that area Matt's is the next one that is going to be addressed. And then after that the rest of the curriculum I still I suppose that as we're we're kind of looking at and area of pee coming on that and I suppose it's been done through a variety of am consultations but I think teachers and stakeholders may be like ourselves like PPA experts, you know different schools as well. And so they have sought I suppose. The input in terms of you know, what we like on a curriculum and I suppose the first things they looked at were structure. So for example at the moment in primary schools in Ireland, we have specific subjects. So we have things like we call it physical education as we know we have you know, we have and science. We have history. We have geography we have specific subjects. Whereas in the I suppose early years settings and Ireland they've moved to more Masek approach. And again, this is something that was proposed should our primary move to a more thematic approach. So rather than having a specific physical education subject and perhaps s phe we call it social personal health education subject. Will there be a thematic area of health and well-being where they will combine and Commander one area. So this was kind of a big debate and discussion about do we want those kind of you know, a defined subjects or do we want kind of a more thematic approach? So that was a really interesting debate that I'm going and conversation around that and I suppose the other big area that they've kind of looked at and terms of consultation so far is it is time like we mentioned earlier risto. So and you kind of ask the question you kind of so should time be allocated on a monthly basis a weekly basis ideally basis. Should there be autonomy for schools to decide how much? Time they want to give to certain areas or do they need to have meet a specific minimum amount? So these are all kind of things that have been supposed to be ages and talked about and also another one is I suppose even area of like when I was describing our existing curriculum with kind of quite defined in terms of this is what I need to achieve. This is what I need to do and there's maybe talk of moving towards more like learner outcomes that are more broader and I those offer more localized autonomy for schools to identify how they want to achieve that or what elements that are important that they want to look at. So I suppose that to be surround, you know the need for a clear progression and know where I'm going but also the need to give teachers autonomy. So again that it's something that it's being debated at the moment and not easy questions, you know, there's definitely I could only imagine how many different camps they have asked. Of thought of different people really advocating for one thing and other people advocating for exactly the opposite absolute thing. So this thematic approach. Do you would you see that as a problem for physical education or as a benefit because I'm like, I'm kind of torn of one way. It could be really good you end up making physical education holistic with social and personal health and you might actually gain more access to students and Teach a broader curriculum, whereas I could also see it's slipping men and being oh, this is social personal health time. It's not you know physical activity physical education skills development and then that might be set off to the side and you might just have more classroom time. So, where do you where do you stand on that? If even as a personal not maybe even as a co-chair person, however, you wanted. Yeah, I suppose no wait. We didn't even look at that as an organization and we did I think you kind of brought up more so than most of the kind of discussion points. We had around that in that, you know, I think it could be fantastic in that if it's done. Well, it makes sense, you know children don't see the barriers between young children between different subject areas. I think, you know having a holistic approach would work really really well, but there is an inherent I suppose. I don't want to say danger but a challenge in that like you said How could there be a slight dilution or last maybe of what we would understand is physical education and that it's something that we have seen a little bit in Ireland in that sometimes when we're talking about well-being. There's so many different definitions of what well-being is that initially you might necessarily jump to think of physical well-being. A lot of people's first thought might be my mental well-being or my social well-being or whatever might be so I suppose there is a challenge in That I suppose our kind of position was that if we are moving towards a kind of a more holistic approach. So with the theme of health and well-being if that's the way that it is going I suppose we were feeling that there should be a specific time allocation within that for our physical well-being or physical education or whatever. We want to call it or what we would know as physical education, but I suppose that there is some kind of ring fence time for that so that maybe We're not complete reliant on to see if a teacher has a particular preference to doing in other aspects outside of will say there are maybe classroom-based or whatever might be that they can't say. Well, I've covered all my health and well-being time. We spend extra time this moment on our nutrition or whatever. It might be which is all vital really important to but just to expose ensure that it's not to the detriment of looking after our physical well-being and our physical education and harder. The in that area so I suppose it's striking a balance between the two and I don't know. What's maybe it's something in you in future podcasts. I know I think Scotland have gone to that kind of health and well-being seems to be kind of a holistic one. They are sort of be interesting to hear your maybe their perspectives that on how they're finding it as well. So Scotland if you're listening reach out to me. Yeah, you're next. You're next. I I think so. Yeah, I think that is something their curriculum for excellence. They've gone through maybe a quick some change and last number years and I've heard that that is something that I suppose has maybe a relative a little bit and in there they're setting right. So let's talk about some minute requirements and you know, you are put out a position statement or some some things that you want that I got ahold of so what would you like to see in this redeveloped Irish primary PE curriculum? Yeah. So I suppose the first thing was like that is the like you said that is the minutes. So at the We have only 60 Minutes a week and again, not every child is even getting that 60 Minutes. Unfortunately again, that's quite law really when you compared to. I think there was a UNESCO studied on the global average of minutes is was a hundred and three minutes per week. And and there was another study looked at European average being a hundred and twelve minutes per week. So we're really lagging behind with 60 Minutes a week and it's very hard to achieve a quality physical education program. I would say in 50 minutes a week. So again, we are calling for a hundred fifty minutes, which would hopefully lead itself to excuse me to daily physical education. So again, whatever way you divide that whether that's 30 minutes a day or you know, 350 minutes or whatever. It might be. I think that would be a big support at the children of Ireland in terms of their physical education and you know, and we all know there are so many benefits to physical education. So I think that time Location but also I think we think it's important that it is a weekly time allocation and that again that discussion around you know, a scam is it a monthly was mentioned should we go monthly or whatever it might be I suppose we felt that Weekly is important in that, you know, you're setting up children for behaviors for life and they are showing them in Genoa. It's important that were active as part of our daily routine as part of our daily life and maybe that is not something we do. You know what maybe they're you You could say if easily just school where we'll say. Okay, we have to get 250 minutes or whatever this month or whatever. It might be. Let's have two or three big Sports days and then we don't have to worry about it till next month. So not saying that's good tools will do that but I suppose you know, it's the message. Yeah, I suppose it's the message of you know, what this is something that's of daily importance and something that we need to have in our everyday life and even just in terms of your progression and your development if you're thinking about motor skills. Sure thing about other areas if I'm not touching something for two or three weeks and if I'm coming back to that it's very hard for me to progress and develop, you know, even to remember where I was at with that previously. So I think that idea of 150 minutes a week and that it's a week would be a powerful thing. That would be beneficial. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. There are there are so many connections that I see with different different countries already. I mean for shape America, you know, they They and primary they call for a hundred and fifty minutes. Now, we're a little different because States control the actual time. So certain states don't have time limits in other states do and zoom certain states are really pushed to make sure that that time limit is in there to hold them accountable and then you know, the way that your teacher education system works is very similar to Finland in the sense of that specialist model. So you're a earliest teacher for primary school, but then you have the opportunity in certain programs to specialize in physical education and I would think that those teachers who have that specialization in PE would be way more onboard for you know, pulling off this Redevelopment model that that you talk about so I think even as well like if we did go to a case where we're Going to a bigger time allocation and I suppose when you're looking that in the in the context of your week as a generalist teacher. If you are seeing that you know, what there's a much bigger percentage of time now on physical education. We're hoping that raise I suppose that of the status will I suppose be helpful for the students? Yes, but also for the teachers I supposed to know that like, you know what this is a key or a core element of what I'm doing, you know, this is just as important as my my English or my my languages are my No mercy, or you know what? This is something that is really valuable for our students and I suppose by having that course that as I suppose. We're hopeful that you know, and the teachers will take it upon themselves then maybe those who don't feel as confident to maybe you know that there will be profession development provided to support teachers with that as well. That was not just you know, what here's a hundred and fifty minutes a week now off you go cuz you know that's going to be that will be extremely difficult. Maybe for Teacher doesn't feel very confident when 60 Minutes as it is already. So but I think that raising of status would I think maybe hopefully start to Snowball Effect, you know, and that would lead to something positive over time. And that's part of what you do in your current position is to go around in different schools and provide that professional development and support for generals teachers to learn how to properly teach physical education as an Irate. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. So I suppose as an organization where there we're trying to support teachers and I like that it's not mandated. It's voluntary at the moment, you know, and again I thought that can be a good thing to and you know, when something sometimes something is mandated. They can change the dynamic but there has to be a time when you know, you need to make that big push but again, there is support out there currently, but I suppose hopefully if there was an increased amount of creation we would see a bigger optic and you know, and we'll go to material. Two more positive outcomes and I suppose it would hopefully leave more scope to look at the actual content of what's on the curriculum to because I suppose there's a few things we feel that will be beneficial to look at and to maybe move on from or what we've had in our 99 site as well. So are there are there anything is there anything that we missed on on the curriculum anything that you wanted to add? Yes, well, I suppose even just like that so that when we talked about the the existing curriculum as I said lots of good things in it, but there is a I suppose and a big focus on will say I would say physical or the kind of psychomotor domain. So I think that perhaps and any future Redevelopment that it would be important that we would look at not just physical fiber will look at you know, the affective domain we would look at cognitive and side of As well that there are lots of things that we can learn from physical education that are not just about farming physical skills. So I think reflecting that in whatever iteration of the curriculum will be important this pose in our existing curriculum and a lot of the objectives at the start of the curriculum. There is a really nice balanced approach to talks about things that are much more than physical but when we get down to the nitty-gritty of will say the strands and strands units, they are a lot of them are the majority of very much focus on physical skills. So so I think if we could look as having that, you know, and I think that that will be positive in terms of the challenges that we face and that other countries face in terms of you know, what having a focus on things like games or you know, a kind of a sport focused within Pi would say that you know what PE and Sport can be empty and Sport and Pi are connected but p is more than just about Sport and you know, we've seen that for many of your guests. You know, we're looking at different areas. I think that it's important that we kind of get that message across and even I suppose how we teach p as much as the content so like mentioned earlier maybe there's focus on the direct teaching but looking at maybe a using a variety of instructional approaches. So things like, you know different curriculum models support education teach against for understanding Cooperative learning, you know, there's lots in there and there's lots of research out there know about how you know, these are for you beneficial approaches. So I think there is definitely a huge scope to integrate some of these approaches and not not saying that we're going to add that we need to have everyone needs to do support education this your everyone needs to do Cooperative learning, but maybe there are elements of them that we could use, you know, what their that over the course of my agers and Primary School have they had a chance to experience a couple of different instructional models and I think that would be very Powerful for I suppose those students maybe you don't identify as you know, particularly, you know, maybe for for whom p is not hitting the Mark at the moment. Yeah, absolutely. Is there a timeline for for this to happen as they made an announcement on when when you think they're actually going to get to that physical education part and the Redevelopment? Yeah. So I think in the command the coming few months in 2020 there is going To be and I've kind of a report put out and based on so there was a national consultation on kind of the last parts. We mentioned all the time and structure and they did the draft report on that. I think the next stage now will go into a bit more depth on. Okay. Well, this is what we're thinking it might look like and I supposed to be a consultation on that. So I suppose in practice. It's likely that it would be I would say to three years before maybe teachers on the ground are starting to engage with a new curriculum, but I think Wanted it's fantastic that there is this opportunity to advocate for I suppose, you know, every subject area will have their their their you know, what want to put in there their voice Forest, but I think you know, what's a great chance for physical education to have much higher status and you know, they will have a really positive effect. Hopefully in the long run because I suppose there's a lot of Statistics showing that this is something that we need to enhance and improve in Ireland. What sounds like they're trying to do right which is which is great to hear that. They're you know, making sure that they're asking the stakeholders to to chime in and and figure out how to do this correctly. And I mean, even there, you know preliminary position statement or things that you want. Hey, I feel like it's aligned so we are no definitely I think I'd like I think anything like that, you know, if it's for teachers it has to involve teachers, you know, they have to be There and to participate in it. Now again how much participation level there has been on the ground will be interesting to see because the you know, this is coming this is going to affect your day today. So we would be encouraging like, you know any teachers out there who are listening or we even had support from the European physical education Association, you know what when we were putting in our submissions. So again, I suppose it's just I'm trying to get the word out there and to get as much support as we can to promote the value of Oh of physical education and then in the next iteration of the Irish primary curriculum Liam. Thank you so much for your time. I feel like that was a great insight into you know, what you what you have currently and what where you're going for. Do you have any social media or anything that you can plug here? So if people want to follow you or find some more information? Absolutely. Yeah, so I suppose just for our organization. We have our website www.irs.gov. I marry p.com. So I'd encourage anyone to get on and have a look at that. We've got some nice members resources if you'd be interested in joining us. It's 10 euro for the year. And also we're on social media at Irish primary p and myself you can kept me at as Liam underscore classy Tepee. So yeah, thanks again very much for the opportunity restaurant. I think this is a great / to learn from other countries, see what they're doing. So From the yeah, keep it up and look forward to hearing the the next countries story. Awesome. And and I think you're on the right track there for 10 euros a year for membership cost. So I'll try to pitch it in the US and see how how that flies. I'm not thinking that it's going to be very positive, but I think tenure here is a steal. So thank you so much you so for your listeners, you can follow us on Twitter at the hpe podcast and me a tryst Oh Martin, We do have a website coming out at the hpe website.com. And that's all we have for you on this one. Thanks for listening. Thanks, Lily.