Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California.Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that you're here. And introduce yourself for me sir. I'm Will Jim although with Arthur Gallagher and Company. Yeah, we were not going to try that last name. No, we're not going to will well, well as much more affectionately be known. All right, so coronavirus, right? So as I'm not the only person talking about this, but when I know everybody's talking everybody's talking about this, dr. Patel tell us what we need to know about this virus. That's a lot of cool. Love to know how is it different than a regular flu? The presentation is very much like the flu and that's why there's a confusion and what the symptoms are. There's no classic symptoms. So the it's really difficult to isolate just based on symptoms and signs. And of course, there's a lot of noise about the test not being available to the common public. So in the u.s. Itself, there's very very limited testing it best. So the essentially we're basing all our diagnosis on science. And symptoms and very limited testing. There's no bedside screening test. So signs and symptoms similar to that of the flu, very similar. Yes. So really know if you test negative for the flu because the flu and my understanding is still very prevalent. That's correct. And you can test with the flu easily. So a negative on the flu doesn't roll at rule out the coronavirus absolutely not know. What makes this though. I mean, why is this I mean is the death rate more than the typical flu and what is it that makes this such a Issue right now definitely. So what happens is if someone did have the coronavirus the symptoms can delay for about five to six weeks. We could actually have the symptoms. I've just six weeks. Yes. That's new. I just hope there you go. That's what I'm talking about. You just got back from California. Okay, five to six weeks to go especially if you're in a contained area closed area. And usually the spread is like your typical respiratory infection. So, you know, the precaution is really what we can focus on really at this point is what should you do to prevent it from spreading or prevent from getting right? So hand-washing, you know, if you're sneezing coughing you want to cover your mouth with your elbows. So those are the sort of the basic things that we know we should be doing. In addition really I think what other thing we should look at is if people who have symptoms and fever cough that's sort of prevalent for a few days. It should almost like self quarantine is a big deal. You can't just say well nothing's going on. Let me just be exposing my cohorts. Well, you know, what is how is it spread? I mean there's I've heard these these cases and I think that was the one Justin's on the new station. You're listening to Steve. Okay, but there was one I mean people that allegedly haven't had any real contact with any any person that's traveled from Asia or any of the other countries had any any kind of eye contact and I've seen that in other countries as well where they allegedly haven't had any exposure to the typical carriers, I guess. So, how is this thing spread? So it started it's known to be started Sometimes Late in the vember early December in China. Hmm. And you know China is very the entire worlds mobile at this point. And so essentially the spread could be multiple ways. Mostly just spreading through Airline carriers and local transport whatnot. So the even though it's isolated started in China now, obviously, we're seeing it here in early January. We started seeing the first cases in the US and it's going to multiply very rapidly only because one person who has these symptoms. Eames can spread it to two to three people. So that multiplier is quite a bit. So is it is it just considerably more dangerous? It's more aggressive. I guess it's right word and it leads to respiratory illness. So it's sort of it attacks the lungs and to a point where we call it a RDS and essentially these people land up in the ICU on the ventilator. And those are the ones that do really poorly this like pneumonia it gives you can send ammonia, but it's We are you diffuse lung involvement and that it's called adult respiratory distress syndrome Ada RDS and it's not a focal illness like a pneumonia but it's the entire lung gets wiped out. Oh, wow. So so from an HR perspective, right? So here, you know, this is an HR podcast. What would your recommendation be obviously, this is a huge topic we could talk about for days. But what would your recommendation be both both you and will from a policy perspective. How do we handle this? Everyone's having this conversation within their senior leadership rings and employees are scared. How do we handle this? I think from a from an HR standpoint, you need to start looking at different types of policies and procedures regarding time away from work and paid time off and maybe put together a policy just for this. Let's not change what you already have in place. But let's put together something that addresses the coronavirus and dealing with people. We don't want people that potentially have the the virus to be at work and exposing other. People so really one of the things I think will is alluding to is perhaps companies considering not having not maintaining a point system or allowing for you know, so people folks will be I guess more encouraged to stay at home if they're ill as opposed to coming to work because they don't want to get points or whatever. They're they're absent teapots exactly. I mean, we want to encourage people to stay home and maybe even telecommute During this time and maybe simple if feasible exact. I mean that's not really practical for a lot of employees and you know employees don't employees who are going to be paid quite frankly for showing up to work and don't have PTO or don't get paid that way. You know, they don't, you know, they it's the difference between showing up and potentially infecting people with If you're telling from what I understand a dangerous virus or eating or feeding their kids, right? So I don't know how to manage around that but I think employers are going to have to really start thinking about what that looks like and fronting PTO and you know allowing employees to borrow against different accrual. I don't know. I don't know the solution. Well, I mean, this is just something totally, you know out of the ordinary for a company to deal with right now and you know when you have times like this you've got to Make up things and you got to do things that maybe you wouldn't normally do. Yeah, that's right. You know, the last thing a large manufacturer needs is you know to three people end up with it and now, you know, a hundred person manufacturing facility is down because so many people have gone out. So maybe it makes sense to pay people to stay at home for a short period of time and you know, the interesting thing from a business perspective is while We met we actually may need to increase production because of production deficiencies coming from other countries and yet that in itself could be, you know a facility for for expressing this virus exactly. I mean so many, you know, so many countries rely on products from all over the world and if you've got if you're supplying to China and Can't deliver your product or vice versa. You've got product coming out of China or South Korea or now even Italy that you may not be able to get your product or it may be a component product for something that you're working on. Yeah War you may have to shut your operations down because you know, I mean both ways is working and and that brings in a whole nother aspect of this virus and how it will affect companies from a - interruption or business continuity plan. Do you have one in place? Do you have and if you don't you need to get one pretty quick right? Because this is coming it is coming and we need to be prepared whether you're prepared for this or a hurricane or a tornado or whatever. If you don't have a business continuity plan, you really need to work on one. So let's let's talk about travel because that's an area where you know, what do you what do you do as it relates to domestic travel? International travel in my opinion is kind of a no-brainer, right you halt international travel at this point because of the areas that are super affected you follow the CDC guidelines for you're not sending your employees to Italy you're not sending your employees to China the airlines have actually taken control of a lot of that right now. What would your recommendation be? Dr. Patel and will regarding even domestic travel at this point and I just got back from California. There were people all over the place with masks on they were selling them at the booths at LAX and What would your recommendation be I think for protection purposes, you know, first of all, the risk is low in domestic try air travel. However, if you're still somewhat feel like hey, I want some extra protection using a mask is really the solution. Okay, I did I was under the impression that mass weren't working. So you think Mass are reasonable. Absolutely. The thing is it's one more barrier that's going to protect you from exposing one each other. You know that I think a lot of people, you know, Somebody told me years ago never to touch your eyes with your hands and you know kind of keep your hands off your face unless you just just cleaned them wash them and I think that's important particularly in the flu season the cold season that sort of thing because you can you can touch something that has germs on it and then you go and rub your eyes or you know, touch your mouth or something and you've infected yourself. So should we be cautious about that as well? I think the key thing is washing your hands frequently using the you know, the sanitizer that's available because anywhere anything you touch literally outside of your home and it even your home, but you were you don't know where that surface has been tell me about one of the things that I think you know, really could impact companies is obviously if employee start to follow right employee start to get sick and they but more importantly if there's closures of Goals for periods of time. Are we seeing I've read that there haven't been as many pediatric impacts. Is that what your understanding as well? Yes, the virus is the first of all anyone can get the virus. But the ones that you become sick with the viruses are usually the older population or immunocompromise diabetics with other comorbidities. So usually the ones you see that the death from the virus is the 67 year old individuals work weight and that would bring me to know what would help with. Your immune system. Is there something that people can be taking now? I mean, I know you're about vitamin C and are there other products out there things? That folks should be doing to boost their immune system at this time. I think just like your normal flu, right and hydration vitamin C just the basic stuff that you would want to do. There's nothing specific that it will boost your immunity just for this how well what's your predictions on this? I mean, I know it's early in the United States, but what do you what what Health Community saying that we're facing now again prediction is again a prediction. So I think the key thing is it's not going to go away anytime quick the you know, the number of people that are involved who's been exposed who's been positive tested the ones who have been exposed not been tested. That's another population that will emerge. So the numbers are going to go up before they go down in the fear is really that the isolated countries that have pocketed areas, which is like the Back in that region the fear is when you start getting these pots mult all over the world and certain congregation. It becomes a pandemic which is literally can wipe out a lot of region and we could cripple them not necessarily death, but cripple them just economics people of the home can get better quarantine so forth. I think there's some some company some large companies here in the US that are are concerned. They've been can't there's been conferences cancelled shoot. I heard the Morning, Amazon is cut all essential travel for all their employees and meetings. Some other companies are cut, you know large meetings over so many people yeah, is that smart? Is that what we should be doing is employers. I think you as you said earlier if we can do something remotely telemedicine, you know Zoom calls all these remote meetings if it's feasible. This is the right time to do it. I mean, there's a lot of options where you can sort of contain those meetings. Things. Yeah, I know. I think that certainly if employers can can do that. I think that everyone's kind of been hesitant to be the early adopters of these types of restrictions. So I'm interested and I'm sure our listeners are interested in should I should I be one of those adopters? Should I stop travel? Should I stop meeting? Should I be canceling conferences? Should I keep people kind of grounded for a minute? I guess it's always better to be proactive than later on find out that we could have done something that prevented a group of In divisions being infected especially if there's not much of a trouble to do remote meetings and limit the travels and I think some people you know, when you talk about what's essential travel is really interesting because you asked Kelly what essential travel is you ask me what essential in as 15 people. It can be 15 different answers, but certainly I mean, I would err on the side of caution and I don't know what you would say, but I would say you're so funny because hit this bin Circa 2000 and 12 and I had gone to Stephen said there was this coronavirus out there and we need to stop travel. He would have told me to be quiet and go back to my office. So what bar to go to to pick it up about that statement is there are you know from eight from an HR perspective? We being the drama queens that come in and start to make a lot of noise about something that could be a cold right because you hear things like it's a cold. But I think that's not the reality and I think people need to be prepared for something more serious than a cold with no vaccination and I think that one of the things that we incorrect me if I'm wrong because I'm like CNN the data right now, but is this the reason that this is kind of a big deal is because no one has immunity to it, right? So it's not like the flu or there even without a flu shot. You have a degree of built up immunity. This is this is new so everyone's going to be impacted and the one Thing that I can think of which did occur I guess about 10 or 12 years ago. Was that actual the bird flu? Oh, I remember you trying to restrict travel. Well, so we were I mean, that's the same that was the same as I recall kind of the same sort of situation and we didn't know what it was going to do and fortunately it kind of, you know, kind of petered out it wasn't that big a deal for us. It wasn't transmitted the same way, right? It was transmitted through eating chicken, right or It was risky. Carry. It was respiratory as well. Was it like you said I think it's better to be over reactive than under because then what happens is I rather have a false negative then to have something that says, oh my gosh, we could have done something simple and we could have prevented this. It's really hard from a business perspective. Tell me from a business perspective what you feel like we should be doing what some of the best practices that you're hearing you meaning will I mean, I think you know putting on my risk management hat, I mean one of the first things that you want to do is don't risk a lot. For a little I mean do you really need to do something you really need to travel and put yourself In Harm's Way from a human element standpoint from a manufacturing supply chain. Be ready put your client put your customers on notice that you may not be able to supply them and do that first look at your contracts with these customers to see what obligations you have to those customers. That's a big one because if you don't put them on notice you may incur penalties. He's okay. Yeah, and there's from an HR perspective just quickly in and we're about out of time. We keep getting the signals the fingers from the people but we you know, this is a good time. We mentioned a little bit about it. But this is a good time for employees be encouraged to use telemedicine instead of going into the medical offices. If they think they've got a problem at least initially, I think prepare for it. Like it's a disaster you mentioned that PTO or time off or whatever your attendance policy. You may really want to look at. Modifying that at least temporarily to try to try to encourage people not to take unnecessary risk and of course family medical leave would apply these sicknesses. What else is there? Yeah, I think so. I think that I think it would if you're sick for a while. Would it constitute a serious medical condition? I don't know attorney. Now. What do you say different podcast different day. Never mind. I think it might I might get might guess it depends how sick you get right because if it's just a cold what I don't know. I don't know. What about what about people who have traveled recently. So not not California, but someone who came back from Italy or someone who came back from China or someone who came back from a country that has high high. Mission of people with coronavirus what do we do with them? They're not sick. They're not presenting. What do we do? That's good question. Basically, these are the individuals if they traveled at a high Airways was highly infected and they could potentially be a carrier for next five to six weeks and not develop symptoms and they can be actually passing it on to other individuals. So these are the folks that we were saying earlier that should they should wear a mask because they don't want to transmit anything out of there. Wow. And so how many people are going to volunteer and say I'm going to put on a mask. I'm going to do self quarantine myself and that is where the fear is because these are asymptomatic people that feel really good. Hey, we can get probably have a real business proposition. He makes a mask that look like Tom Cruise or something. I'd be happy wearing them asking them the always takes it to these places like the doctor is not amused by you. Okay? He's not sorry. Sorry doctor. Hey one thing that Talking about that though is if the businesses and this is another point for HR that maybe they're not thinking about and that is if we do have a supply chain Interruption that could cause layoffs to result. Yes, and this could be a really good time for companies to treat their employees differently than they did in the past and as far as layoffs and maybe you know, it's a time to actually I guess build loyalty and not discourage it so maybe because of because of all the employees you'll end up recalling when you need yeah instead of maybe you want to do something different instead of just laying them off without pay maybe maybe you think of other ways to do this or pay them while they're off. If you do have if we if it does get bad enough that we're having severe, you know, supply chain disruption. Well, it's so hard to hire people these days we have clients that, you know will continue to pay during a shutdown. Whether it's a fire or whatever they continue to pay them or pay essential people so that when they come back they have a full crew versus having to go through the rehire process with this be covered under any sort of risk, like, you know, if there's a fire and you can't work you obviously have that type of protection would something like this be covered. We're you keep yelling at us to think he telling us to be giving you the finger, you know, you know there there are so many different aspects to how Ow, an insurance product would work and how it would respond to this type of event some you know in most policies you have to have a trigger, you know, you have to have a physical loss to a location to trigger business Interruption. Some policies don't have that and they've been worded in such a way that just a governmental Authority restricting access and so forth could trigger the policy. So you really need to look at your policy specifically business Interruption and how it would respond. Okay. Well, this is the beginning of probably something we're gonna be talking about for a long time. Dr. Patel. Will thank you so much for being part of our podcast. Yes. Hey, thanks to you. Yeah, and I thank you Kelly. I do want to thank our sponsors. We've got Haynesworth Sinkler Boyd you need an attorney's those are the folks to see and also for Gallagher. We appreciate you sponsoring our show as well. Thank you very much. Thank you. Hey, thank you. I know.