Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys. Yeah. Well, thank you. Thank you for having me. Thanks for joining us. Do you want to let the listeners know a little bit about your experience with planning your wedding? Yes for sure. So. So I got engaged to my now husband Josh Josh if you're listening and we fully intended to get married a year later, but unfortunately in my mom got sick, so we sort of looked at reprioritizing things and decided to have a baby instead. So we had a baby and then we decided to go ahead with the wedding but I realized that there wasn't as much information as I sort of hoped out there on how to plan a wedding when you have a baby and I feel like wedding planning. The most couples is quite overwhelming and daunting let alone when you have a small unpredictable human in the mix. I think it can feel sort of like quite chaotic at that time as well. I suppose I wanted to share with all your listeners some Rays of Hope I suppose. Yeah. So yeah well cover off the planning process and how to stay organized and stay on top of it all how you manage the baby on the day. We'll talk about that. And then also we were going to talk about how to make it easier for guests who have got small babies as well. So good. Touch on those three aspects and then we've got some qas that we can go through as one see if you can help any of our listeners with their queries. So how old was Theo when you started planning the wedding say Theo was six months when I started to really get my head into planning the wedding and we had our wedding day five months later. So you plant a new didn't do any planning before that time. It was literally all the only thing that I had sorted was I had a rough idea of where I wanted to get married, right? But Singing in terms of location my church Etc was all done within that five months. So very short time frame. Yeah with a six-month-old exact somewhere same one path early a cocktail. Well three you've said to us that maximizing your time than is absolutely key to getting stuff done babies are completely unpredictable and it's very difficult. Sometimes isn't it before you even get into a Routine to maximize your time. It's some would say time Steelers. Yep. So, what would what would you say to someone else in a similar situation to who's got a small baby already and is now about to start planning. How do they go about maximizing that time I think first thing first is Don't Panic there is sort of light at the end of the tunnel and I think it's really key to keep sort of an optimistic mindset. So first things first, I think ruthless prioritization, I think that's key. When you have a baby in anything that you do let alone when you're adding a wedding into the mix. So we started off by really deciding what were our must-haves and what we're on nice-to-haves without wetting and then working through those must-haves first. And I think one of my key pieces of advice is that you you can delegate some of those must have things and use a help where you can so that doesn't always have to be external help that can be between the two of you so So I gave Josh into ends ownership. If you will write a certain tasks say for example that entertainment or he also was in charge of the food and beverages on the day and things which I wanted to take on such as the stationary or dress shopping or the florals. I kept within within my Lane. Yes, that's key. Isn't it? Really because then you're not you can't get overwhelmed with everything because actually there's key elements. You're not thinking about all exactly and I guess he asked you a few questions. Here in that but largely. Yes, exactly exactly like giving a full sense of ownership as opposed to just dipping in and out and I think that actually in many ways. We really enjoyed the experience more as a couple being able to plan the wedding as opposed to taking it all on myself and perhaps just having one or two. Yeah, unhelpful comments coming along the way. I think the other part of that also is I really feel like action sort of leads to action if you will so rather than focusing on sort of the mountain which is the wedding we He's just a like focus on the mole Hills. So focus on the small tasks and soon they add up that's a good way of doing if you just do one thing for example a week one big goal awake and that you use your days to sort of head to that one goal. It's far less intimidating than trying to focus on the entire thing. Yeah, and how did you find so planning it around him, you know, it was it nap times or I mean sometimes I don't sleep at the same time every day and and juggling exactly and Well, I think the CEO was not a Happy Sleeper and so we didn't have a lot of time nap times and certainly not those to our two-hour naps that only speak of yeah, but he was happy in the buggy. So I think one of the key lessons for me when becoming a parent was to think about my time in a different way. So before I used to think about it in blocks of time now, I used to think of my time much more flexibly. So if I could grab 10 minutes whilst pushing CEO in the buggy to the The supermarket Reggie's that 10 minutes maybe to make a call. Where as it previously. I would have sent an email or also having your phone on you at all times to sort of make notes as you go along so that you're able to grab those pockets as and when as opposed to thinking that you'll have a full two hours to be able to focus on something. I think the phone call things interesting, isn't it? Because actually if you're relying if you're sending emails and then waiting on people to come back to you, that's almost When you going to get that email back to you when you're going to have a minute then to reply to that you see if you're on the phone you more than likely to get an answer there. And then or they can phone you back pretty much straight away. Yeah that and you can do it one-handed so true. That's the benefit and especially now with it. You can have you are pods in so your hands-free complete it. So yeah, I think perfect and in terms of that, so just thinking about like I said, like using your time differently and letting go of having full blocks of time. Yeah. Yeah, that's really interesting how Do you stop getting carried away with yourself? And I know you had a limited amount of time to do things. Anyway, in five months. Did you feel the overwhelming of the planning side of it of that? You know, it's going to look like this. It's going to look like that or a hundred percent and I ringing I think any couple which are planning a wedding filled out that and it's no different when you when you have a baby there will be days where it is just too much and on those days. It's about being kind to yourself and probably just making your bed and hopefully having a Appraised to then forcing yourself into doing yet more things I think for me. It's probably keeping really understanding why you're having a wedding. So it's to celebrate you and your partner as a couple as opposed to getting so wrapped up in all the elements which make a wedding because it's really true. It's the people that make the wedding and the day itself as opposed to worrying about what the all the handmade crafts elements because then you've got almost when you've got a shorter time. And you've got the added pressure of juggling all of that with a baby. You don't want to be wasting your time looking at Pinterest again. Yes. So yeah again, yeah and then changing your mind again again, so you can go down many rabbit holes and I think that that's even more true when you have a child and you're tired and you can do endless amounts of scrolling that very quickly that sort of 20-minute window that you had has been sort of wasted I suppose on looking on yet more pinboard. If different styles of bridesmaids dresses you have to be able to make decisions quickly and I think one of the helpful things is if you have a strong Vision at the outset of what you want your wedding to sort of look and feel like is be true to that and try and limit your distractions. Yeah. I think that's really good advice try and get a clear picture of exactly what you want before you start doing it and then don't keep looking. It's so easy to do that isn't it go back and or does have a little scroll and hundred percent other table plans there are and then you think oh gosh should I have By planning that way or this way your stick to your your guns and your original ideas. And yeah, and it will all hang together in the end. You said before about delegating jobs. And so you delegate to some to Josh and you did some and taking help wherever you can get it. Did you use anything to help everyone keep on track with what was going on? Yes, I used Google Docs and that was my absolute Lifesaver because it meant that we could share one document amongst us and that no one had to receive the latest version of anything. Yeah. It also meant that Across different devices. So I if I was taking my baby out to this boot, you know for a walk that it would be on my phone as well as on my iPad or desktop at home. I think if you're working sort of more offline, I think some days it can be too much to put pressure on yourself to file everything in one place that just keep it in a box in one area. And yeah, yeah, as long as it's all sort of in one contains base yet enough to be a real and I need folder. That's all organized. And I mean that's The dream but some days that's just too much. What I want to know is how did you manage your baby on the day? Because this is not only going to be useful to new moms who are getting married, but also to guests who are you know with Babes in Arms essentially all Brides that have friends who are coming to their wedding who have very small babies and I think two things there I think for your own feeling baby. I think it's really key first off to know your child, you know your child, Best you spend the most amount of time with your baby and I think it's being realistic about what you think your child will enjoy so when we had the oh lots of people said, oh, we'll take the on the day. There's so many of us. It'll be lovely he can be passed around at the reception. But Theo was a quite highly strong child and I knew that he'd find that very overwhelming. He wasn't used to lots of people. So actually I try to keep Theo's routine pretty Pretty much as what had fallen into at home. So I plan my day around making sure that he had quiet time, you know during the day or that he was in sort of spaces with known family members as opposed to just being passed around. I think it's really key to make sure that someone has sole responsibility over your child for your wedding so that he can't sort of fall through the cracks as in often. People say they'll help you with your baby, but then when the Drinks start flowing all the speeches come up or that people want their wedding breakfast it often collides with the time that your baby needs a bath. Yeah. I think if you would just smile missing your main course and when they get passed around as well the routine Falls by the wayside, doesn't it? Cause nobody actually knows who is with various and what time it is and he's got who room. Yeah, so you can do that multiple ways. You can either look at having one family member perhaps who your child knows. To really oversee the care of your child for the day in the evening or like we did we hired a babysitting service which were recommended by the venue. We did have many meetings beforehand so that Theo had met his babysitter of the day and all of my family and daughters family is also met the person so that we felt okay. He's with that it did though mean that we always knew someone would be looking out for his interests when perhaps we were talking to guests or perhaps being pulled for pictures. I think my next tip on the day is to create a baby schedule. So this is just writing down the key things that your child does in a day. So what time he might like a snack or what time usually lunches or potentially think they might get tired and they're so someone has that as a loose thing to work to we booked in our family shorts after he'd been fed. So before I went in for everything as a full and happy exactly so we made sure that we could have that time together as a family and we had those those shorts in quite a places and perhaps all of our yes were so that he wasn't too overwhelmed and we could limit the crying and how did you feel about him being with a babysitter? So obviously not in the same room as you but I was nearby did you find that you were very conscious of it or were you? Okay and you were able to enjoy what was happening? I'd use my time so that I had lots of one-on-one time with Theo in the morning whilst we were getting ready. So I built that into my schedule. So as I having hair and makeup done I could give CEO attention and then also I gave him his lunch. So I've got married in the afternoon. That's right. So I felt that he'd seen me throughout the day. So really the only times where he was sort of more out of eyesight was over the reception drinks and also their wedding breakfast and then I went to put him to bed afterwards. Okay, so I try to make sure the Theo still had visibility with me through the day is dipping the dipping in allow but also I think they're feeling question. I felt I think quite relieved that someone has ownership of him on the day. Yeah, I have a friend who's getting married in a couple of months and her little girl will be five months at that wedding and she's also hiding a babysitting service and she feels the same about knowing that there's one person who will be totally in charge of her care and sober. Yeah, and you know, it's nice for some Lumber and it's going to help and go and you know say hi and play within 5 minutes or whatever, but you're not detracting from their experience of your day as well. I think it's a really good thing to do to enable it was definitely The investment yet, and it just means everybody's having a good experience. You know, your baby's not being passed from Pillar To Post and not sure who they're with and you're also got the peace of mind that are being looked after by child care professional that's their job. That's what they do. They're safe. They're happy they can deal with it if they get upset all that sort of stuff and you can get on the dance floor. Yeah quite exactly mum's on the loose because my sister who got married in May last year. So her daughter would have been N1 and they started planning their wedding and was about 1/2 when the wedding actually happened and then my daughter who was also one of my other job with five or flower girl, so it's the three of them to manhandle which was fun and she also had like a babysitting service. There was one girl who they'd who her daughter had met quite a few times before the accommodation was on site. They were literally in sort of like the next room if you like and that's at six o'clock. She came to the wedding breakfast. Had them like in not a little play area for a bit. So they were sort of still in the room with us. And then at seven o'clock took them to the room and put them to bed and we had all the child monitors and all of that stuff. So you did feel very comfortable that everything was fine. And my sister did say to me. She's I know might sound awful but I did breathes a sigh of relief and Zoe wave bye-bye. So conscious of them and obviously never take your babies aren't their use still like you mentioned to me earlier still your sole purpose for that day was to be Theo's mom. Yes above anything else and something else you've mentioned which I think is perhaps key if you've got very little ones is the time that you get married. Yes. So the fact that you had all that time in the morning to have that one-on-one time with him and you know in and around your Venue and things like that. He would probably felt really comfortable you all I think feel a sigh of relief. I think that we will work as an Imam. Try and get a baby's to fall into some sort of routine and everyone has different will fall into routine. But then your wedding comes along and there's an element that you would like your child to be adaptable. And I think that sometimes we forget that it's just another day to your baby and it's a long day. It's a really long day. So being able to choose the time where you think your baby is more of he's it's easier. So an afternoon wedding as you say late afternoon. Wedding really suited us in our situation. Yeah, and I've not thought about that actually until you mentioned it and I think that's a really good really good idea. If you perhaps having it a little bit later, it's just going to help everybody out. Maybe at naptime be great. What about your emergency bag and emergency bag a kit of dreams if you will. Yes, I think everyone's quite a fait with carrying a rucksack round full of full of helpful things, but your emergency bag really comes into play for a wedding. So as well as all the usual paraphernalia of snacks comforters, happy Snappy zwipes. I think it's also really important to include duplicate items of whatever you've dress your baby and in the day so that can obviously get expensive if you're looking at replacing jackets Etc, but at least the shirt just to make sure they're if they get messy after they've eaten that you've got something else to change them into we also It into medical supplies to anything like power pole in case and they're teething at the time. So that's always on hand. And also like I said, whatever snacks you put into the bag make sure you double it because I think that helped your friend all the day and did you pack anything extra like for you and Josh, you know, in terms of in case there was a sick on you or there was a lots of muslins. Yeah, definitely think that you need those and also being conscious to whip those out just before your photos were taken. So just to recap top tips for managing the baby on the day is you know your baby best. So if your baby's highly-strung make sure it's not being passed from Pillar To Post and perhaps dedicate someone to have sole responsibility of your baby. If not all day at least for the latter portion of the day so you can party create a baby schedule. So whoever is looking after Maybe knows they're generally shrew teen. Yes, and any signs and things have when they're hungry or grumpy or might need to sleep. All those things just write those down and perhaps take an emergency bag with you. So your general nappy bag not perhaps Becky. Sorry definitely have an emergency bag at all times slung over your shoulder snacks and whites. Yeah, all the snacks all the wipes all the nappies change of clothes just in case they puke all over themselves because they are And do and anything else that you think you might need that your baby has on a regular basis and I think I suppose my last piece of advice is let go. Yeah, I think as I said that the beginning babies are super unpredictable and even your best laid plans can go out of the window on the day and I think it's just being kind to yourself that first and foremost. You are a mum and that if you need to duck out for half an hour to tend to your baby that will only be comforted by you at that point there. So be it. Okay, and also I think the it's those quirks around weddings which make them what they are and give you the fuel for stories in later lives and they turn 18 He politely remind them but I think that you're a family and the day should be around you and your husband and your child or children. So celebrating that and all its quirks is really lovely and its own right? We had quite a few questions about shopping for your dress when pregnant which obviously you shopped for your dress after yes. Yeah, quite a few dresses like a post baby body. Yeah. Yeah, did you find it? So I didn't show up for my dress when I had my baby bump, but I did shop for my dress not too long after I'd had my babies say my body was still changing and I was also still feeding at the time of shopping which I think can also adds an extra element to the shopping experience. I think number one. I actually pre-warned the boutiques that I was visiting that I Was still feeding and that I was a new mum. So I think that they were probably had yet making everyone on the same page and also probably the anxiety that I had around that to try and put myself at ease. Yeah. I also make them very aware that my time was super precious. Yes, so I didn't have time to try on 20 different versions of address. Yeah. I needed to sort of mission shop. I think many many brides are always under the illusion that you need to order your dress. Probably a year in advance. Advanced and whilst that's true of some designers that are many many Alternatives that people can have that have shorter deadlines. My my dress actually was a sample dress off the peg from a designer Boutique and I spent the money instead on having alterations done. So once I had the dress at sort of four months my body still did change and then I was able to then have a really great seamstress to then make any final alterations at the end when my body had changed and also, When I stopped feeding, which I think so you weren't you weren't feeding at the time of the word. I wasn't feeding know by the time the wedding know I'd stop just before then. Yeah, I think that's a really key piece of advice is perhaps look at a sample dress or something. So you're spending a little less money initially, but then you've got the funds to get it altered to fit you because your body basically but it does change is changing all the time, especially like when you planned so when you were sort of trying them on like it was post post baby, which your body is changed when it was before and then by the time you got married, It would have changed it again - exactly and I think also I liked having the reassurance that I had the dress So I wasn't having to keep going back to boutiques all the time for fittings, which within itself is also something which takes time but also can be intimidating time time again, so I think that being able to sort of see it in my wardrobe and know that it was there was reassuring to me and as you say then spend the money right at the end to have it adjusted. Yeah, I think that's a really good way of going around it. I have a friend who I've already mentioned is getting married in a few months and she went dress shopping when she already had a bump. So I asked her what her experience was of just shopping and how she went around it. So she bought her dress before her bump really appeared. She'd only been engaged for a little while and then she found out she was pregnant as an awesome a bit of a surprise suppose. So she went shopping before the bumper period and decided to sort of get a dress that was Not too fitted, you know just in case she couldn't go back to how she was when she tried it on so there was a little bit loose and also breastfeeding friendly just in case you decided to breastfeed. There's a lot to think about at that point. Isn't that what she basically wanted to hone in and was that it's important to take away any potential stress factors. So it was really important that she chose a dress that addressed all of those sort of things that could crop up and something that she would still feel comfortable in should her body not be the way that she would want it to. Ideally be that we just said from the minute you have a baby up until a year post. It's changing all the time, isn't it? Yeah, so she was really conscious to buy a dress that she felt comfortable in and that she could feel comfortable in it. She wasn't as she was does that make sense? So I think yeah, basically what she said is to consider some this comfortable. That's perhaps breastfeeding friendly if it's that's the path that you want to take and something that can easily be adjusted and altered. We also had a real bride who shared her dress shopping experience with us and her baby was found. Four months when she went dress shopping and there's only eight months to the big day. And she said that she'd used the boutiques in her seamstress and they were really patient with the weight loss. She said that she dropped two dress sizes from pre-baby post-baby. She went down two dress sizes, which is obviously a lot. Yeah, and I mean that's a perfect example isn't it of finding a really good Beauty. It is an understanding you communication channels open and will recommend address because yeah, like not all dressed as can be yes altered. Yeah exactly you dress sizes different as in I know it seems just a very talented obviously. Yeah, but depending on the details like whether it's got paneling or sections that dress is not going to look the same. Yeah, if you have to take too much fabric away. Yeah, absolutely actually. So yeah, so I think it's the point that you made Holly is that just open with your boutique. Let them know where you are exactly yet what your current situation is what you're hoping it will be before you get married and just keeping those communication channels open and hopefully they will be welcoming in a accommodating and just Help you get the dress that you want and I also asked my friend Sarah. How did she go about dealing with a very very newborn and wedding planning at the same time because they're my head like, well my head exploded a little bit when I thought about that because you're in such a fog aren't you like that washing your hair step too far? Exactly it can it's really tricky just navigating General life, isn't it? So she said they'd booked the big things to start with so the venue and then when the baby was born she really had a solid six eight weeks off but doing any planning. I mean, she's only now got sort of three months to go till she gets married. So she didn't really have that much time off wedding planning, but she just took it slowly. So prioritize those big massive things. So then it was only the smaller things to go. Everyone's very different when they have a baby safe for me. I enjoyed my engagement up until when I had Theo and then I gave myself the first six months off you do any planning at all. I started to probably have I had a good idea of my vision. So we and those six months I'd think about what sort of wedding did I want? Aunt was it going how big it was going to be? I pulled together my invite list, but in terms of real planning know it was sort of the inspiration fact-finding research actually research e phase I and I have friends who've been able to look at Landing those big ticket items. So for example, your Venue, perhaps your band, perhaps like tying up if you're having a church service either before the baby comes or just as the baby arrives and then giving themselves some breathing. Space afterwards safe in the knowledge that they've booked those bigger ticket items which perhaps take longer to secure but I think that if you're able to have a Clear Vision, I think that helps a lot because everything else then sort of hangs into that. So once you've got a good idea of the look and feel of it everything plays into an A cup, it makes your decision-making time much shorter. Yeah. I also think that if you're able to divide into must have a nice have you can let certain things slide if the time just doesn't Stack Up For you. So for example doing things like DIY table plans or looking at doing the flowers yourself, perhaps if you get to the end, you know to the wire there perhaps things that you can then Outsource or indeed not do it. Also whether you have an Open Table plan. For example, like yeah more like escort cards were everyone just takes the name and sits wherever they likely. Yes exactly rather than making things difficult for yourself, but really being clear from the outset what you really really aren't prepared to compromise. On and the areas that perhaps you are I found really helpful. Yeah, I think that's a great tip. Okay. So let's just recap on top tip surprise planning who are pregnant or have it a small baby and then we'll go on to doing some human. He's so our top tips are if timings allow then organize all the big jobs first that can be quite time consuming before your heavily pregnant or have small baby decide on a time period when they'll be no wedding planning at all so that you can focus solely on yourself and your new born yet and I say that that's even true. Ooh when you have started planning, so after that sort of reading time. Yeah, if you have days which it is all too much, then really enjoy that time with your baby. Don't feel guilty that you're not planning. Yeah, because that's wasted time and energy when you should be focusing on hopefully getting an app. Yeah. Okay. So when choosing your dress if you're pregnant think of comfort and practicality and if you have a newborn or a toddler consider Breastfeeding and how easy your dress you can access your boobs from your dress. I think the key thing there is to choose a style and silhouette that perhaps is flexible that's open to being being able to be altered. Yeah, and I don't think there's any I mean, it's I'm making the sound a little bit like perhaps you have to compromise on the type of dress that you have but I don't necessarily think that you do you just need to be clear with your boutique and get them to give you a bit of advice on things like that. And hopefully you can get your dress altered and you still have the dress that you've always wanted to have. I don't think it necessarily. Like perhaps not exactly but very similar and also perhaps the situation makes you try on dresses that you might not have considered. Yeah, and I think also it's key to make sure well no quite and it's key to make sure you've got a good seamstress who's altering the dress So it fits you correctly because you know a large portion of the day you could be holding your child exactly, you know, and you don't want to have you know your child on your hip and it's pulling your dress down and if it doesn't fit you correctly, you don't want that to happen. So it's really important to get a good seamstress in a good putiak that I understand that listen, most of them going to have a baby possibly like this dress style going to work and and I think that we made the point earlier about being very clear with you Boutique up front that you are expecting. All you are indeed a new mother and what you're expecting by the end that your body shape will change or perhaps not and I think being clear then to be only shown Styles or try and stars that perhaps suit your needs State as opposed to being sold the dream of perhaps something which is all-over lace, but knowing that it will only ever be taken in one dress size and not to if you plan to lose more of your weight of your baby weight Etc. So being totally upfront and transfer. Yes it is that in working together on early rally up family and friends and ask for help either delegate jobs, or as you know, like you did with Josh you delegate in really clearly everyone's got their own roles to play and speaking with friends and family or professionals about looking after your child on the day as well. So everyone knows their specific jobs and what they've got to do and who they're looking after at what point during the day and if someone offers to take your baby for Our so that you can get your head down to do some wedding planning yet. All right, there are more. Yeah absolutely do it that was going to be my final round up Point actually is that if you're sort of planning between Nats, you know, choose tasks that have you can realistically achieve if you know, you're going to get half an hour you may be, you know can make two phone calls, but set it at that and leave it at that. I think that's a really good point is being able to be realistic with your time. So for example in the middle of the night, perhaps when you're feeding that's when I'd reserve the time. I'm to perhaps Peru's Pinterest as opposed to spending the time in the day when I perhaps had a little bit more brain power to write an email or make a call. So really carving up your day that works in your favor. Yeah, that's a good idea. Okay, let's move on to some reader qas one reader asks, how do you handle everyone wanting to cuddle your baby and I An answer for this. I don't know how you tackled it, but my inclination would be to make sure that your baby has a comfortable stroller or if they're really tiny. They have a bassinet or a Moses basket or something like that. That is their space because I know if I went to a wedding a baby was in a Moses basket, I wouldn't just pick it up and that way people are less inclined to just sort of pick it up pass it. You know what I mean? Whereas if we had a baby with somebody then yeah, we had a couple that had a small baby with their wedding and yeah. Rest their Moses basket stroke cot. Yeah it in the ceremony. Yeah, perfect. And they said actually she was really well-behaved throughout the whole ceremony. I suppose because it's her family has faced. Yeah, that's really lovely and I think for Theo, he was a little bit older than that yet. We created his own space by having a dedicated dedicated place within the venue say actually he was primarily in there. So if people wanted to go and see Theo which our family did and some of their friends they would enter his space as opposed to him being passed around Pillar To Post. I think everybody likes the idea of children being able to be passed about but the reality of it is as soon as they start to cry or they become fractious there pretty quick to drop the charge. Yeah. Nobody knows what for its mother. So yeah, if you can create their own space, I think that is a really good handy tip. Yeah. Okay. Next question. What do I do? If the baby wants me during the ceremony. I mean this totally happened to us. So the great sort of grand plan for our ceremony would be the Josh would be holding Theo No, as I get walked up the island drive, very romantic notion of you know of them witnessing me gliding down that aisle in Silence. The reality of that was is that I had traveled separately to Theo to the ceremonies. So when he saw me coming up the aisle, his inclination was to scream to High Heavens. I'm and places arms out of course and I think that in those situations it's really easy to get quite uptight and worry about what to do. But again like you're a mom so it's perfectly okay to Take your child and I took Theo for the majority of our ceremony when I said my vows and when he settled a little bit babysitter felt that she could just come and take him off and actually took him for a walk Round the church in his buggy so that he wasn't so bored. And actually it was probably a crouching on a time where he needed an afternoon sleep. So actually she fulfilled that need I think again to play your line. It's your day your way and I think that as I said before you are a mum and being able to still be a mom on the days is often really important yet. You're quite right and I guess it's it's that communication Channel again, isn't it with whoever your celebrant is saying to them? Listen, we have young child and we don't know but perhaps in the ceremony, they might want to us. So that's something that we will be aware of during exactly, you know, and not just your celebrate but also the person who's perhaps taking charge of your child's care for the day making crystal clear that that's totally fine. So rather than sitting and suffering so you know what, Slight hours if a child won't be settled actually perhaps just to come and grab you or your partner and one of you can settle the much more quickly and then yeah people can then yeah and letting them know from the get-go that that's absolutely fine what not. Even if they really need us if they need us and that we know how to maintain their routine and put them to bed while still enjoying the day the dreaded bed see now for me, that would have made me anxious. At my wedding knowing my children because their didn't go to bed. Well didn't sleep well and so for me these sleepers not happy. I'm not happy sleepers. So I know that would have been a real point of anxiety for me, but then I guess that's perhaps where the babysitter comes in and you don't have anything to do with that. I don't know. How do you manage that? We shifted a day around sorry. So during our church ceremony Theo had a bonus nap or bonus time in the buggy where he had lots of fresh air outside and I had a winter wedding so we wrapped him. Tim put him out. So he had a little bit of fresh air and we didn't anticipate that he would go to bed until after our wedding breakfast and before the speeches so he was fed himself and bath and then my husband and I both went up together after the breakfast before the speech has started to give him a kiss. Goodnight. We read him a quick story before we then scoot on and that's nice for you to have time together as well because we always say just gonna baby or no baby, but you know the couple getting married need to have just fine. Five ten minutes just together and obviously, you know, hopefully people will take time. Anyways, I have like their portrait shots, which yeah, it's obviously not an opportunity to do that if there are other opportunities and like you said, you've got a baby that's time that you're all having together as a family away from everybody else, but it's all on your wedding day. And that's one of my Fondest Memories that she is. Yeah the three of us having that time together and I think also having the time with the oh getting ready at that front of the day was really important so Coughing out those pockets are really important because the day goes so incredibly quickly and you often feel that you're at the mercy of your guests with perhaps sacrificing your own timing, you know, those memories are actually really important together. So tale ending the day is yeah. We like spending. Yeah. Yeah starting it together and sort of and then you have less of the mum go like you feel that you've been president, you know, yeah key parts of the day. Yeah. I think that I think that is key to having us, you know, making sure likes say you don't feel guilty in that you've given your child some time and some attention. Exactly. Okay, how can I incorporate them in the wedding program? I would refer everyone to our episode about alternative wedding rolls because we talked about that quite a lot in there that with with kids with I can do with them and carrying signs and all of that sort of stuff. We talked about that. They're don't because the oh play any sort of role in the day rather than being at the ceremony and looking thing. No, he didn't but as you Incorporated him just by who used was there wasn't he? Yeah. He was meant he was probably a little bit too little I think to take on an official role. However, my best friend she had her wedding a few months before mine and a child of a similar age used a cart to will down her small baby exactly, which was great. But I think also my advice around that is to again be flexible because sometimes on the dais small children just don't want to don't want to play ball and that's okay. And then I think it's just sort of allowed. Saying that so don't sort of a hell been on them filling these roles and sort of no matter how much bribery practice you do. Sometimes nose. Just know. Yeah, I think just having them there is Islam next question tips for tackling baby stains on your dress. Speak to you Boutique. Yeah degree hands. It depends massively on what the fabric is. Yeah, and whether it's realistic to get that stain out on the A without actually damaging that fabric. Yes forever. If you dressed us get stone throughout the day. What can you do? There's nothing I mean mine and got her lipstick on mine did shit. Yeah, of course, she did God love her and but also I mean if you have a baby like babe in arms, you need Muslims. Yes, and you can get really lovely fancy ones yet. You can be such a little bit more exactly get a few of the nice print. Yeah wear it like an accessory always have one on hand last question before a little bit of advice from a reader. De so the last question is a honeymoon with or without kids. My son will be to when we get married ultimate question, isn't it? I think this is probably the one area where I did probably conceived quite a bit and by a compromise because we actually had a few days away just my husband and I a long weekend if you will and then you have a mini moonshine and was that in the UK or did you go away? Yes, it was and it was a really lovely hotel, but that's not to say that you couldn't do sort of a ashore. Fleeing to Europe or somewhere. Yeah, and we left the eye for three nights four days with his grandparents. But obviously I'd like to go further if field for our official honeymoon, but I think he's a tricky to tricky age to be left for for longer than that. And that's just my in my experience them and sort of my view Theo hasn't and knowing him exactly. So he's not spent considerable time time away. So I suppose then moving forward with either look at doing a honeymoon or together as a Family family Moon if you will or indeed, it will be when his when his older. Yeah, and I guess if you are planning on doing a honeymoon with your children just an idea to perhaps find a hotel who have babysitting services so you can actually enjoy some you know, and all your time and things Club says, I mean my kids rather be in their parents when they can make things out of Play-Doh and Pictures and you know, yeah, that's big. That's what they're there for. The vehicles are there for a reason to give you a little bit of element of an adult holiday, aren't they? Yeah. I think the other thing you can do again budgets allowing and also distance allowing is if you can take someone along with you. So if you're finding meaning perhaps in the UK and your mother-in-law can come along for a few days or just even overnight or what have you to give you a little break it up a little bit Yeah to give you that great, but then that's then that's perfectly great. To mean you obviously we'd love them all to come on holiday with us. Yeah, it might be waiting a while for that the helping new parents at your wedding. Yes. Oh, it's not just a case it obviously the bride and groom yet item bride or groom groom having a new baby. It's what that if your friends. Yes had a baby you want them to be at your wedding you want them to feel comfortable at your wedding? Yeah. Yes. Yeah tips. So we had this experience. I was a maid of honor when our youngest Only four weeks old and I sort of well, it was four weeks old. So I was a bit like didn't know whether I was coming or going or what was happening. So I just sort of said to Antony is yours for the day basically and I'll check in when I need to yeah, and so I just sort of left him to it and it was great blessing muslins over-the-shoulder. Continually. There's great photo of him with one just thrown over his shoulder. But I think you made a good case to us about prepping your friends who have small children with quiet places. Yes, I think they're one of the most daunting things as a new mom to a small baby is the unknown there's a lot of unknowns when you've had a baby and then you add in a special day for one of your friends or family in the mix and I think it can solve lead to you to feel quite overwhelmed. So for us that one of the things that we did was share the schedule of the day in advance. So just a real outline of when you expect the ceremony to be an end when you expect sort of the Drinks to start if there's any pictures Etc and then the wedding breakfast but also within that sort of outline we indicated where there were quiet spaces. So if perhaps the new mummy and baby needs a little bit of time out or if they're feeding and they perhaps want to do it in a quieter space you have already sort of allocated a space within your Venue and it doesn't have to be huge. It just needs to be somewhere even you know, where you're putting perhaps give gifts or current Etc. It doesn't need to be dressed per se just needs to be quite a Time timeout close. Yeah, I think also the helpful thing is just indicating if and where they be changing is available yet and if it isn't perhaps a disabled toilet where you could perhaps go into with as a little bit more room for new mums because I think that those things if you can at least indicate them from the get-go use of eliminate and little bit of the anxiety. I don't know I think that is a really A good idea because I think Anthony would have benefited massively from having a schedule to follow because it's fine isn't it? Knowing that there's a place you can go thats quiet to sue them a little bit of her feed them or whatever it might be. But if you don't know what's happening outside that door, you know, it's going to be called for photographs within two minutes. Yeah, and then perhaps you choose to feed either a little bit later or a little bit earlier so that your child is yeah. I saw such a good idea and then you like you say your friends family. Whoever it is who have got the new Babe, you're going to feel so much more comfortable and relaxed throughout that whole day knowing that there's designated spaces for them to be instead of them just wing it and you know feeding on a bench outside on the deck. Yeah, exactly. I think things like knowing is there a space for you to put big ears or pushchairs or things like that? Like where do where should I be because you already feel kind of like you sticking out like a sore thumb and conscious of it crying and all those things and also you'll bring a your emergency bag. So you're already bringing an awful lot of Kit to the wedding. Say finding somewhere where you can set up an inverted commas is quite important and I think for that just working with the venue really I didn't know in our wedding but we weren't allowed buggies in certain areas because they post a fire risk or because they blocked a gangway where the waiters were coming out to serve the food. So just being still up front. You know, I'm bringing a buggy. Is there anything you need to know about? Yeah, and on the subject of food you want to know that your Venue will eat food up if needed exactly built yet milk. Or refrigerate milk. Yes. It's just having that conversation. Is it accurate beforehand and happy knowing what time is best? You don't want as a new mom? You don't want to be the one that's giving a bottle to a waiter that then has to get out a hundred fifty dishes within two minutes. So you perhaps would have asked him a little bit earlier or yeah, it hurts. Sure. Yeah, I think another consideration could be perhaps providing a plus one to the new baby or young child. So friends of ours had the ceremony with With young children and babies and then they invited a plus one for the child for the drinks respect. We don't mean his one-year-old met an older God responsible and I really love that idea. He was sick. It was really cute and it was a fun way of involving the children why tap until probably their bedtime and indeed your wedding breakfast. Yeah, and then having a willing adult to take the child perhaps a way for bedtime and it also kept costs down because it then meant that that person then didn't expect a wedding breakfast etcetera, but perhaps they could have a drink and a canopy and and and Mingle for an hour and then that's a really good. I've never heard of that before but that's really good. Isn't it? Yeah, I really enjoyed that and I think that's going to be really really useful to people who were planning was pregnant or with small babies because you know, it can be done can't it's can be daunting like and it can be done with very very few compromises. I think that I think people will it will be really reassuring for people to hear that. An in the show notes, I will link to a few example weddings where there's small children present and where the bride's have left. It will notes about how they got on with them young as well for everybody to have a look at. Thanks again Holly. Thank you. See you soon. This podcast was brought to you by Becky and Charlotte from Rock my wedding the UK's most influential wedding band for more content visit with my reading book code at UK follow us on Instagram at rock my wedding. Or by the book your day your way from Amazon or any leading book retailer. This podcast is produced by we are the flux.