Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there. There's nothing worth his sores time is valuable, especially in this city where you like, I just drove 45 minutes across town and you're still with the other person right? Let me tell you show that you care and our professional does your setup don't ya don't believe that you running around fixing some little things. Let me tell you that you're not ready and prepare them. Also, nothing happy to not even record and just hang out. Well, that's sweet. Yeah the same way, you know, what fuck these days where you know. It just hit stop. Yes. We're we're out even batty. Thank you so much for listening. What is happening on showmance this season. So what season is it for you guys season to this season, we've decided to because of popular demand we've decided to do a Glee recap re-watch recap. So we've started episode 1 the pilot and are going through every episode until I guess we get bored or people stop listening exactly. Isn't that like way triggering? It is a mixture of emotion. Yes. Yes short answer. Yes. I mean short answer. Yes. The good part of it is what is the good part of it? We get to see some old friends / co-workers and reminisce about the good times. And then when we stop recording reminisce about the bad times, it's just we were such a family when you work on a project like that the sounds cliche, but we worked with hundreds of people day in day out 17 hours a day for Here's yeah. And so when that's done, you don't see them and we keep in contact with a good number of people but like not on the day on a regular and this is a good way for us to see people that we haven't seen or people that we weren't that close with write this sort of like talk about their experience to compare. It was okay to bring in a third sometimes sometimes it just us and sometimes you bring in guests like feels appropriate like we brought in Mike O'Malley for preggers. He played Burt Hummel and we brought in Ramiro's man who played Finn's mom and so people People who didn't really and I like those people because they were always there they showed up they were professional. They taught us a lot. They were friend and our friend but yet at the same time like they didn't get the spotlight because the kids did at that point in Massachusetts, right? They weren't going on tour. Nice about yeah, exactly. Oh my God, you guys went on we did a silly tutorials course and a Music Tour and a Hot Topic tour. Yeah and in Australia tour, hmm. If you want to call it, so it's nice to compare. You know, you're both working on the same thing, but then having two very different experiences. Yeah, and it has been nice to finally after 10 years since the show started to hear that other side of the same show. We were all involved in the Jane Lynch. Even who had the craziest speeches in the craziest monologues would be like I wanted to dance more but I knew you guys were just you know, like that wasn't my thing or like that wasn't you know, that's not Susan thing, but she was amazing when she got The chance and she works so hard like on the Madonna episode crazy. Anyway, my experience for show man's though. The recap has been like there are so many hard times that we went through and dark times in complicated times to be able to go back and really reminisce about Kevin eyes time together and what we were going through but like in a different light like I can look back at it now and like laugh and and it's just a different feeling that I'm your old. Yeah, for sure. You can step back and see it from What's The Saying 30,000 feet? Yeah, a bird's-eye view bird's eye view and that's what we're doing and have some perspective on it as opposed to being in it now, obviously the show takes place when you guys were high schoolers. Yes. How old were you really I was 20 I was 23. So it's still like your 20s, right? Yeah 20s were real motive. Your these formative is my college Years Jenna already had done called. Yeah, but it was it was like absolutely my college. Yeah. Send it high school. Well, it's a very formative decade of your life. Yes, and we had a very crazy Bizarre Bazaar is ours the right word. Yes, I mean truly and like if you know full disclosure like the aspect I would say like Taylor Swift is like god tier right? Like that's God sure sure sure. God tier sure, but you guys were like right below god tier. I mean, that's definitely that yeah collectively for a period of time like to leave her beard right below got here, right is that like a wild thing to say? I mean, it's why I mean I Never I would never see it that way, but that from the outside of like when you're like the minor amount of celebrity that I've like been able to build and like it encountered all the emotional ups and downs of that. Yes in my eyes the experiences. I've had in my minor way, which I don't even know what tier I would call it. But like I can't fathom being young and going through that and dedicating your life to this especially as everyone is growing and changing mean your brains aren't even fully fit exactly. I mean Point that's the thing. Luckily we all got to do it together. Yeah, it wasn't just one of us like a Swifty. Yeah, because I think that can be very hard. If you don't have the most stable Foundation beneath you and you are a Taylor Swift or Justin Bieber or Britney Spears know what I mean is like I'm like not to like Imagine my heart that has to be yet. Like Jenna said luckily we had each other and even having each other you see how these things affect each person differently how everyone processes definitely so we could keep each other in check and be like, hey, this isn't that serious like it's all good. Some people will buy into it more and some of us just like whatever this doesn't mean anything and it's nice remind each other, but that was this this is Success whatever it is, you know, like agent No, I guess that normally when I talk to people out the transition from your 20s or 30s. So this kind of like time in your life. I'm a very big believer in the 20s being a very defining decade for kind of setting up the foundation for what you're going to build your future on agreed and in a lot of ways. It's like you put all your energy towards career your 20s were about career exclusively, you know, emotional development related. I love self care whatever because it's on overdrive. Yeah, I mean For just below cafeteria. We're gonna forget but like it's all going into career. Yes. My question for each of you is when did you realize that because you're both nodding with the sense of like deep meaning that? Oh my God. Yeah, and I remember when I realized I had not invested in myself at all. Yeah. I'm happy to talk. Yeah you go. You probably realize it sooner than I did. She is older. I am I am she's wiser. I wanted to my son returns before you I was 3 years. Ahead of you. And those are massive massive important years with yeah, very important. Me and my fiance have a 3-year age Gap we met when I was 29 and she was turning 26 and let me tell you there's been different yea big - he had the audacity she had the gall to look at me the other day because she's now 29 and go I would never date someone who's 25. Oh my God, like, okay. Well lucky for you. I did see your face. I wish I could have seen your nice. Just like this excuse you'll excuse me. It's now a gaping I know I went the gulf. Yeah, it's true. So I feel like both Kev if I can see for both Kevin and I in this in this, you know, preliminary sentence we both started working. We were very young. So we that's all we rely felt like we were for a really long time. We were put into these careers as child actors. We are thrust and we made the transition somehow luck. Ali thrust into our 20s into this, you know just under God like tear and there's nothing else. It's like the horse blinders are on and you go I've made it I've made it and I've made it because that's all I was working towards at least for me and so in my 20s, I was in a relationship during Glee for four years, which the beginning for the mid for Med for so please up and running and now honey 526 maybe 24 somewhere. They're my memory. I took second season. Yeah, here's the thing hard to refer to times your life as Seasons. No, it's easier. We we have to I think I'm gonna go ahead and say you guys did touch god tier but it's not they know. It's like the most popular the most popular in the world and you guys are sure it was your tour Global somewhat. Yeah, that's pretty good. That's fair. We were dubbed in 40 language. I mean, that's I mean, there you go. Let's let we will call it. Yeah, that means for Netflix before NE for Netflix was dubbing everything. I know oh and it was just that guy Sam. Yeah, just what a linguist like what a language he loves to learn and anyway start a relationship and this is like a really important serious relationship for me because it was it felt like Felt heavy it felt like there was drama. It felt substance. Like there could have there could be a future at this point, right? You're in your 20s. You could get married you could do all of these things and and along the way I won't get into the relationship itself, but I will go into what I learned about myself in that relationship along that time and also doing a TV show there was a level of like I should be happy and I'm not I am sacrificing everything in my life to make everybody around me. Happy and looking for acceptance and approval outside of myself. That didn't come until we broke up and I went two weeks after was like I feel great. I feel so good. And that was like I was adapting my entire life to make everybody else feel like this was the right thing for me. Well, it's almost like the performer narrative which as you noted did start when you were very young. Yeah, but the performer You're in performer. And those are the thing. I'm gesturing with my body like a mini emoji with the committee emoji with the hand up saying in performer, when you're in performer, mmm, you're rotating instead of turning it on and off your just rotating your performer towards your relationship. Now, I'm playing the role of girlfriend. Now. I'm playing the role of daughter. Now. I'm playing the role of this and you're just performing. It's a mechanism and when you're on that long, it's incredibly isolating. Well, that's the thing and you show up and you they tell you where to go. Oh, they tell you what to do. They tell you when you have to turn or when you have to be there when you have to say something and it's like when do you get to actually form your opinion? I mean, I think alone like you don't really have an opinion until you're in your 30s. Haha as my your that's sucking although these these, you know, younger Generations are woke so I will say I'm sorry, I've learned a lot right I do. Yeah, there is a separation friend. But yes, I did not feel like I or anybody around me in my twenties had an opinion till we were 30 and we went oh, this is who they are. And this is who I am and you don't have time to think about what you think what you think so for you that moment just to it came when you had the space to think yes, and for you that was being able to say I'm going to take this tension on my life. That's not functioning in the way. I need it too. Mmm, and I'm going to remove that and see what space is left and then I'm going to fill that space with me. Whoa. It's profound. Welcome to analyze this. No, you're right. Yeah, you're a I might have a stack of these and that brain. I gotta take a butter. That's my therapy. I started with the therapist you didn't work out and so I went to another therapist. I think it's the worst when you have a therapist that you're like later. You're like, wait a minute. There was such a not working. It was not working. Luckily. I found it pretty quickly, but I did have this therapist who showed me in like one of our very early meetings, which I knew she was right was like here's The ocean line and here's the the dip underneath and then here's the mountain of way over the ocean line all the way up in the clouds. And that's your altitude and we need to find get you from below underneath the water all the way up and we're going to get you to your best altitude and I was like, oh my God, I didn't for some reason that that just opened up the world. I went I don't have to dumb myself down. I don't have to make myself week or peas, you know. Other people like I am literally ready to shoot to the have to be a shrinking violet exactly have to yeah, you're ready. You've been submerged underwater. Yes, and this by everybody else and it allowed you to come up to the top make space for myself. Yeah, and for my brain, I think we had a similar ending so I starting place and that way where I did we got there different ways and I didn't realize I was I guess under water. It's a huge thing. You know, I think people when they talk post Epiphany we refer to To like him anyway, long story short. I was drowning or like turned out putting cigarettes out on my body was a bad sign like, you know what I mean? Yeah, they always talk about it. Like it's a simple little thing just so, you know, like having the awareness to realize your suffering is the first step that is building awareness. So you're you're starting even before you realize right, you know, and I think it was harder for me to realize like, oh, maybe I'm not like firing on all cylinders here because I'm I'm so easygoing. I'm like what I was better at I think you're talking about when you're in performer. I could switch off a bit. Like I the first season I didn't live down in Hollywood. We were shooting. I had a this guy I was seeing who lived in the same apartment complex. So I had two very different worlds and she hadn't premiered yet. And there was that world where we're having fun. All these new friends. This is crazy what's going on and then I could separate and go to Santa Clarita and be with him and his family. And I had my friends there and I maintained that the separation means the groups of friends. I mean maintain eventually the friend groups like meshed pretty quickly, but I always had the same friends the same group of people and so I did basically stay the same. I feel like mentally, however, you don't realize that when you're away from that or you're going on tour doing press things or shooting endless hours everything. Is being thrown at you, you don't have to work for things you're getting offers to do things. It's just this one thing after another and then eventually we're like, no I'm not going to do that. No, that's not enough money. But who am I to be like this is okay to turn down some of these things. What I'm hearing is that you're saying that what was kind of an Awakening was after the momentum and slow down. Yeah. So wising now momentum generates from within you. Yeah, you generate your own moment. Yes. In that was a that has been a gigantic area course correction can't take course correction, because when you haven't and not saying we didn't work for things we worked for a very long time a billion auditions before you even get to Glee right you are on the billing shows on Broadway in this in there in the in the spectrum of entertainment something like Glee doesn't happen often. No, it's a very rare thing and we I think I think we knew that but Ryan would tell us yes, Ryan Murphy was very a good run again in you're ever in your life. So just appreciate and understand that in a nice way. It wasn't like it was like this is in the beginning to was like well with success if we get success that is rare and then it became this is rare. This is rare. This is really strange and they're going to build us up and they're going to tear us down, but you may spend the rest of your life working, but just so you know that from this point on success isn't going to feel like yes, nothing's going to feel like and I think for him to he had been around a while he had several shows and he was you know, Clint enough to be like voice that for us. We're also 20 we're not 40 or 50 having gone on a million auditions as an adult trying to save for a home make a family like ours was Stakes were a bit lower. Like everything was made nothing to be responsible for except us just becoming adults so that alone like when he said that I remembered now being like Oh, yeah, I get it. Yeah and like at that point when you're like this is never gonna happen again your life you like awesome. You know, it's so cool. They were going through this, right? Yeah, it's rare. I mean, it's like I think like the cast of Game of Thrones, right? The younger ones that's super rare as a minute to have that expectation being like, okay. So this is what success feels like and it's like, oh no, this is what super duper success feels like yeah, and it's not something that again. I think we were good at separating this it's like we're not responsible for this success like this isn't because yo, I'm the shit. You're the And that's why this show is was like no no, no, right. We're all just a part of this thing. It's you can't plan a hit song. You can't plan a hit show. You can do your best work and hope that this thing lands at the exact right moment that part that you can't control and hopefully these millions of people who are hopefully we'll watch this like it right and you can spend all the money you want on something and never have it be the success that that was and so I think recognizing first of all, like we're doing a job and it's amazing that It's reaching people but we can't take this personally. I want to share with you guys a philosophy that I found like really helpful. It's an economic philosophy about bargaining and gift giving and giving and receiving and etc. Etc. And I think that kind of what you're alluding to the blessing in disguise for not perceiving yourself as the gift is that you get to be the carrier of the gift. Exactly. You're the one that's holding it you're holding the experience you're transferring the experience. You're inviting people in and out of it. You're the you're the gatekeeper and I think that what happens Jen in Hollywood, and I'm sure this happens on all scales of Industry. Like I'm sure people assume responsibility or entitlement and the corporate sector. I'm sure doctors think I should be able to save every single person what's going on? Right? But the reality is that you yourself are not the gift and it's when you think that it's you that's the thing. I feel like that's the really dangerous territory to get in very good as an artisan. Yes, and I think going through that and being around other people who were working in similar mediums or another TV show. Shows even within our group you can see people who maybe buy into that a little bit and that is where you have to learn to navigate that and be like, wait, who am I in this situation? How do I act me versus the ego? Yeah. How do I deforming one giant ego match we talked about it in family Dynamics. Like there's a concept of enmeshment where your whole family is, like everybody's all up in everybody's business every decision of every member of the family is a part of somebody else's discuss. Everyone has a bond back and so in that ego. Ask there's no separation of self right for you guys to be able to walk away from this experience or to have learned from this experience to have the separation of self. We got here. Yeah, because there is a little bit just I mean physically and geographically but not being with someone all the time, but at the same sense, it's like I think you automatically subconsciously consciously whatever it may be you're automatically comparing yourself to everybody else just because even though we're all very different ever. But yeah, I mean everybody does that everywhere, right? Yeah, right and its super unders no five-foot-three blond women allowed in this room, right? Yeah, and it's one of those things where I got it. I got it. I hit her. I hit her with the I hit her with the I still got jokes. I'm going to take you into a safe space. Let me bring you into The Well of thought it was like yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's absolutely no I long story long it would take to the No being done for me to have that light bulb sound and being like wait a second. Can I cuss I know hell yeah, I was like who the fuck am I? Yeah, because wait who the fuck am I? Yes who the fuck is? How am I not myself? How am I not myself where we got on the show and are very formative years becoming human adult's through it, which is like not it's a really an okay thing to do. It's also like not a sustained thing. It's just that the odds are in your favor. No in the show is like going to end at some point. Everyone loving us is going to end just as quickly as it came to us, right and then there I was at 26 27 year-old now Mike. Oh I've lived in La since I was 15 and now I'm an adult living in La for the first time. Oh, I just got a chill horrified and that was my primary was very, right. Moved to LA when I was 25. Yeah, so here I was thinking I'm ahead of the game. All these people are moving to LA to be on the show. I went to high school here. I grew up here on my best friends are here. Now. I have this expanded best friend base from the show, right? I didn't ever have a lot of friends and I've now quadrupled the size of my best friend group. Like this is amazing and in the show ends, like wait a minute. Jenna is moving to New York. Everybody's separating. I have to wake up and then figure out what I'm doing with my day, and it seems so basic and small, but you go from like Janet was saying everybody telling you what to do at all times and everybody after you to being like Oh, that phone's not ringing and I don't have anywhere to be which is really nice. However, very scary like who do I reach out? Who do I talk to what friends have I neglected for the past seven years that okay with me being like hey, it's me again. I can be a real a real boy now and it was a weird thing to figure out. Do I like La as a 27 year old do I like what I do? I love doing the show. Do I still like doing this outside of the show now that it's done and figuring out who I guess I was as an adult living in Los Angeles was a very still a really weird thing for me to figure out because I was so defined a week and I feel like we were so defined by how he felt doing that show and what that meant. Well, I mean like I did the I moved here for the show and then I literally moved away when it was over because I didn't know what I didn't know how to live here. It was the bubble and I had no idea. So I just moved back to New York and that was also like a big turning point to go. Okay. This is self-care. I needed a Glee talks. I needed to get out of La I needed to go home. See my family be a normal human being even though nobody. Treat you like that after a show being on a show like that, or at least not the people you choose to be around you and I went I have to go back to Broadway. I have to go back where people don't give it a fuck who I am. I'm sure people give some fucks. I give a fuck. I appreciate it. Thank you. Yeah, you know, oh, you know what we're going to continue to give fucks right after this. Hey earbuds, it's Hannah Hart here to talk to you about something that I think is great, which is our new podcast provider. Anchor dot. F m-- you see anchor is actually making it so much easier for us to make record and upload our podcast that you guys can listen to from anywhere you listen to your podcast Spotify iTunes judging by the Numbers. A lot of you are on iTunes. So hey Spotify crew. I'm one of those hee hee anyway anchor dot f m or the anchor app will allow you to To record your podcast and upload it right then and there. So if you want to make a podcast to go for it, baby. Otherwise, please continue to enjoy us being able to distribute and make and create and advertise on our podcast. So easily all thanks to Anchor. I recorded this ad to make it shorter than the last time but I guess I just really love it so much. Anyway, let's get back to the episode. Hey everybody, it's me. Hannah Hart here to talk to you about a little thing. I like to call Spotify or as you've seen on my Twitter spooty duty. If you guys don't already know, I love music. I love recommending music and I love Spotify Spotify is where I listen to all my favorite podcasts and follow what my friends are listening to plus it incorporates with Instagram, which is another one of my favorite things. So if you haven't done so already, please be sure to download the Spotify app search. For analyze this on Spotify like it favorite it save it or maybe you know go listen to other things in your library tab or anything like that. Also, make sure you follow us at analyze this so you don't miss an episode because our episodes are great right just like this one. Let's get back to it. First of all now they're about halfway through I just want to thank you guys for being so candid in a lot of ways, you know, I don't know if this is by nature of my personality or what I guess when you see people, you know, we're all about the same age. There was never a time where Glee was happening that I wasn't thinking what the fuck must that be like wow, just like but that's just my relationship to entertainment like that's yeah, that's you. That's me. That's what I think. That's a lot of know and that's only something I learned after I was Little bit more recognizable. I was like no, I'm sorry. I'm a human right? So in your 20s you get to this stage you realize you know Glee ends the first what you've been doing with like the first half of your life has come to a conclusion, which is a very forcibly like early Saturn's return or if not for least eight others have I mean if your 20s if your adult life quarter what you been up to for that minute, you know, it goes from one year. We had I'm going to sound as obnoxious as possibilities we here Analyzes thrive on the tone of our own voice. It goes from being nominated and winning two years in a row at Golden Globes and then having Chris won a Golden Globe and then in one weekend doing Oprah Winfrey show her last season where we performed and then that few days later the next day we go to DC and perform at the White House. The coolest thing is meeting JK Rowling and then her going I know who you are before I introduce myself and then we go on an arena tour where in the height of it. We sold out the To in London 7 shows in a row breaking a record and I think the tour made like 44 million dollars and forty four days. Not that we made any of that money. We do have an episode with Lance Bass and we talked about how in the first five years of NSYNC you made like collectively like 10. It was either 10,000 or 15,000. Yeah. Oh, yeah. So it was a really I've seen you should listen to that episode of analyze this if you guys have it if you're a showmance listeners, Jenna is about to start listening to me. That in on my run right now. Yeah, listen to the Lance Bass episode of and I smile where you go from having the most extreme surreal like this is stupid. Like this is honestly so dumb at 23. I'm like, okay. Well, it's quite literally all downhill from here because like how do you top this and then the show ends and you're like, all right time to call my mom. I gotta take my dog on a walk. Maybe take a nap. I have the grocery. Maybe I might order groceries online. Well, it's all exterior every single aspect of everything. You've both described right is all exterior. So the only way to go is it yes and luckily I did I don't remember who said the quote. I don't know where it came from and it's one of those things, you know, you hear a bunch of junk whatever sticks to use like something that means something to you like. Oh that makes sense to me. I'm gonna hold on to that. Yeah, and somebody really early on either said I don't all right found it, but some Is like famous fake everyone needs to realize at some point that Fame is fake and you can tell the people who buy into it and tell people who can't who don't and as simple as that is it really clicked with me? Because within like the first year of Glee and I saw that I was like, oh if people only knew if people could realize from the outside people audience members and fans that this isn't real enter my love that someone in Brazil can tweet pea and say come to Brazil and that they love the show. That's wild. However, just like I don't know who you are. You don't know. I am you don't know who Jenna is you don't who we you don't know us which is fair. Of course. How could you I watch TV shows. I feel like I know these people but I don't and being able to be on the inside of it and recognize that being like Oh, you're like on the outside looking in almost. Yes. It's like I now fully understand how ludicrous and how superficial all of this is from a really I get hit me. It felt like I got hit in the chest Mick. Okay. I can now keep this in perspective properly because And that's a blessing. Yeah, and I my roommate at the time you realize what's happening I know is that you have no idea do you you have no idea what the show is doing? How big it is? I was like, no I get that. It's big like, you know, we're trending on Twitter in the songs are doing well every time he's like you do not get the cultural aspect of what's happening. And this was after the halfway through the first season. I was like, yeah, you know what? I don't think I do. He's like that's probably good, but it's crazy that you don't get it we couldn't in some A and that's why we're doing this now and why I enjoy it so much because like I do get it now and I'm watching it from a perspective of the fan when I go I this is why I would attach myself to this show and these characters but it's interesting you say that your experience with the fame thing because like to an extent I was able to look at it from the outside as well. There was a level of like, sometimes you have to buy into it and that is weird. Lee detrimental when you are outside looking in and yet you're buying in and then going who am I like I felt like I saw the girls getting you know, you we'd have to get red carpet ready and we'd always have to have her makeup done and when we went out like it was like we were always being watched and there's just love like I have to have a certain expectation for myself and I still do sometimes too high but like there's a level of like that I want to live up to and when you're at that level, where do you go? I'm just consistently raising trying to raise the bar for myself but in a way that's it is external and it is from the outside and not from the inside out. So then I go who am I do I like this? Do I want to be a part of this but do I have a choice? And what am I doing? That's real and what am I doing? That's not real anymore. That was like the scariest thing for me. What do you do? So what was your answer? What do you do to stay Grant what you're describing is pretty much being grounded right like staying grounded and but also still being able to perform. Form, yeah, the thing about being a performer that I think people really don't realize and honestly probably why I've never booked a single audition I've ever been on you have to not be super stable two feet. You know, I like I'm I'm somebody puts a lot of energy into being stable. I'm like, yeah, you know, I'm a triple Scorpio like, oh my God, I'm like, yeah, I'm not gonna go touch that dark. I'm not going to go there because I'm actually there's so much more to my life that I want to have and you know, It's like this here you this, you know, so where where does it take you now? Like, where do you guys Jenna? I'd love to start with you with this. I guess grown-up sense of awareness. Like what does drive you now myself self worth and self love but back in the day. It's like how did I survive that and I look back and I go Kevin I survived because of Kevin I survived because of my parents I survived because of all the things that reminded me that like going home to Long Island like that's real like that's where it goes. That's what matters and I can still do this, but I have to remember that it doesn't really matter and it doesn't really matter what people think if I don't have the makeup that everybody else does and that I wasn't wearing the outfit or I was 10 pounds heavier or whatever. It was. So now in my 30s, I agree with you, there's a level of like in the acting world that I feel like I can take who I am and add the character to add myself to the character and if that's not What they want like it's fine. I'll just produce something instead that I can start cool I have with so support that I mean honestly, yeah, like there's such a richness I think to you and it would be so interesting, you know and like initially, you know, I reached out and and I'm really happy. I have you guys both here together like initially I was like, oh my bail just talk to each of them as individuals and honestly because and Kevin this is going to be really just about Jenna but the experience of being a young woman in your 20s hmm stacked up against My other young women in their 20s, like I felt this to a very very very minor degree. I've got some great card because I'm gay and short now. Like I don't have to stack up because I can't and that's great like in a way. It's like, okay great. I can just be Hannah I could just do whatever and like my two best friends are like glamazons or tall and beautiful women are very funny and talented and well a lot. I guess I just want to say that like, I don't I don't know you but I am proud of you for the woman you are right now because I cannot imagine what that must. Must have been like thanks. I appreciate that. It's hard because like not only am I a woman in my 20s. I'm an Asian woman in my 20s and that during that time period I mean like, you know, we're all minorities in this room in some way or another but I mean, yeah, but like as a white person I get a huge pass. I think my entire career would not have happened if I had been a person of color and gay. Oh, yeah, because then you get tokenized and whatever. Yeah, I mean, I proud I pride myself on being the tokenized young girl in commercials when I He's growing up. So that was like a part of like something that was really good that worked in my favor. Then I started realizing that like I was being pushed to the background and I couldn't figure out why and I don't think anybody else could figure out why but now I see it in these years like we're in you know, we're woke now in some to some degree doesn't mean it both of you have that in the year 2020. I don't know if a abled man paying disabled character. No, no, no, no. No, what have I and for it? All right in the first place. A lot of the show is a lot of the That we from watching also has not H2O most of it. I'm telling you. It has not aged. Well the reality like it doesn't work but you know woman in her twenties. It's like I had to go through it. I had to be compared I had to to do that to go. Okay. I'm going to shift through the shit. I'm going to go through this weird tunnel. I'm going to I'm going to feel this way and I'm going to come out and go I can't I can't do this anymore. I can't compare myself to you know, these beautiful girls on Instagram. And I cannot do it because like I work my ass off and I am strong and I feel like I'm like finally like that's what matters it's not anything else. I'd any of the noise because otherwise like you're just you're drowning at that point. Yeah. I got like a little bit of a chill when you said I am strong and that's what matters and and it's the authority in which you live your life the agency in which you live your life because there are things that are outside of our control, you know people perceiving you as okay. We're going to make you the token Asian character like, okay, here's Quote unquote the girls and then we have an Asian girl. You're like no no. Okay. So those are the White Girls then and then, you know are like if we're going to start talking about raring to go there. Yeah. I'm a group Us by race then. Maybe we should you know group Everybody by race, but that ownership of like, oh my God, I can't see myself through their narrative anymore. It's gonna kill me. Yeah, you just drown. I mean it's my narrative and and that's what gets me through every day. It's this is you know, this is my life. And I know I work really hard to do that every day and that's like like that's the choice you have to make that choice for else here or else. What are you doing for? People that are really driven. Yeah. It's like amazing profound beautiful. Brilliant Kevin you doing good? Yeah. I mean, I'm good. No, I think that was a very good observation pointing out having watched Jenna from the sidelines and being in it with her in the deter 40. Yeah cheering. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, we made it through you made it through. She I think that's probably why I like latched on to her immediately. Because even if there were times where you could get caught up in it, or I got caught up in it. You are always still a very you always had like your eye on the North Star sort of thing. Like you could always come back to it. And if Jenna started flailing about a be like no, I'm sorry. You're my rock. Like if you're not together then I don't know who I am. So you gotta get it together and it's hard like people a young group of girls in any setting can be additive no matter what anyway and then I read put them on a very successful TV show it's ours and it's like it's a nightmare and I feel like Jenna did a very good job of coming out of that. We all did yeah and that the biggest lesson which is maybe how we got to the premise of what we want to talk about. It was learning to say no was watching you and Amber and Nia and a lot of the girls specifically Get taken not taken advantage of but the weird thing that happens in that sort of public setting to young women. Yeah and learning. I was someone who was deathly shy and could never ever ever speak up for myself until very recently and it's purely because of having watched them do it. We like to call Kevin back in the day like season one. Kevin was like Kevin like around season 3. It was like Kevin 2.0 and now I feel like we're at Kevin like five been here yet. I'm like chill I speak up for myself and it's very weird. But every time I do I think of a specific language Amber and Nia because it takes strength. Yeah to be able to stick up for yourself and be like, no I'm not going to do that. And that's okay that I'm saying no. Yeah because growing up young and this crazy weird industry or you do feel like you have to say yes to everything and you really do not like it's not going to hurt your career. It's like your sanity should come first and watching Jenna navigate all of that because again I'm sewing is really easy going. I don't really bothered by things and having Jenna had a much. I think more difficult route to navigate and watching her do that bike. Oh, okay. I know how to do that. Now my philosophy is that you know, if you don't learn how to say no, you're not learning how to listen to what you want. And if you don't know how to hear your own voice, it's going to start screaming at you and it'll scream at you when you're in your 40s or 50s or 60s and Have a midlife crisis or you know drive a car blah blah blah, like who knows what's gonna happen? So really as difficult as the trials and as joyous as the triumphs of this experience, are it kind of hits fast forward a lot of internal development and I think that that's something we as like artists we as entertainers living in this very weird Paradox of life. We get to convey messages outward to other people. Yeah, and so learning how to hear your own voice is something that I feel everyone is entitled to yeah, you know, But we don't we don't fail teach us how you two are amazing. I love your Chemistry. I love your Vibes. You're welcome. Anytime well-well. Talk with you for our yeah. Stay here forever. Okay, great. I'm in this room. I say in this room forever. I would love to have you here for hours. I'm now that I'm not getting my hair cut my can't my five o'clock just canceled. So I don't know what to tell you if people want to follow you. Do you each individual? Oh and this is the last thing I was going to say, which is that I look very much forward to Seeing what you guys do next if you want to keep making if you are creating etcetera, etcetera if there any projects you guys are working on or just stating on I just can't wait to see what I just can't wait to thank you guys go from here because fishing here likewise here is pretty great. No, I'm gonna stick I'm Garen. I'm a podcaster now man. That's just great and however, they also like Sarah pissed. Yeah, if you're a first-time listener, please like or subscribe to handle eyes this on whatever you're listening to it on and if you want to spend more time, With Jenna and Kevin and their lovely lovely sibling like chemistry and just I don't know. It's just really you guys are really sweet. They can find you guys can listen to their show showmance. And also where can people find you each individually. You can find me in Jenna ushkowitz jna u s-- h KO W itz on all platforms. I mean if you just search Kevin McHale, you'll find me. My name is Drew dude on Twitter when you may find Kevin McHale the basketball player, which is fine that big whatever you're into you like whatever whatever you're doing if you want like your basketball player, that's weird to you can find me Hannah Hart. I'll on the internet at heart. OHA. RTO will see you guys next week when we talk about something else. That's my sign off. Well, I