Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain. The grand Prince vasilis first son was born. He was named Ivan the fourth vasilievich. He was a beautiful baby boy, but in time, he would become Ivan. Grozny Ivan the Terrible welcome to dictators a par cast original. I'm Richard and I'm Kate on this show. We're going deep into the minds of some of history's most hated despots. As we enter into our latest batch of dictators will be discussing some of the most feared men from the medieval period Ivan the Terrible Genghis Khan and Vlad the Impaler you can find all episodes of dictators and all other Park asked Originals for free on Spotify. To stream dictators for free on Spotify just open the app and type dictators in the search bar at par cast. We are grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park cast network. And if you enjoyed today's episode the best way to help us is to leave a five-star review wherever you're listening. It really does help today. We're die. Diving into the early life of Ivan the Terrible from his celebrated birth to his lauded coronation as the first Czar in Russia will also see how the Young Ruler slowly becomes a true despot and how he acquired absolute power next week. We'll explore Ivan's tumultuous rain and see how his experiment with one of the world's earliest police States ends in Blood and tragedy. In 1547 Grand Prince Ivan, the fourth vassilievich declared himself the first tsar of Russia as the Tsar Ivan was the first Monarch to unite all of Russia under a centralized Unified Government establishing. The Russian Empire that has since become the Russia. We know today he reigned for 28 years, but despite his accomplishments his All would prove to be horrid and destructive particularly for his own people. His subjects would come to call him Ivan grozny a nickname derived from the Russian word for Thunder Chrome. The name was meant to invoke the feeling of a torrential thunderstorm as it rolls roaring across the sky it inspired dread in all who heard it just as Ivan inspired fear in all who are under his control Ivan was rule punishing and paranoid and his influence cannot be understated but his particular brand of Madness was born from a deep connection with the history of his people's the history of his religion and the history of his family. These combined history's made Ivan think he was the chosen man of God, which bordered on the belief that he was God himself. During his Reign many people believe that Ivan's fate had been determined by the actions of his father Vasily the third as Grand Prince of Muscovy Vasily proved to be a competent ruler well-liked by his court and his people however Vasily committed one major sin divorce. The Russian people were extremely religious and devoted to Orthodox Christian principles, which had defined their cultural identity for centuries. Ruiz the Russian people can trace much of their cultural heritage back to the kievan Rus a collection of Eastern Slavic tribes in the year 1988 ECE the Eastern Slavs ruling Noble Vladimir the Great converted to Orthodox Christianity and legally required his people to do the same because of this complicated history divorce was one of the greatest sins Vasily could commit but vasilis first wife was barren. And this was a major problem as he needed an heir to carry on his legacy the sillies father Ivan. The Great had been a noble and beloved ruler in his time. He conquered neighboring city-states tripling the size of his country and declared himself the grand Prince of Russia the prince of all princes. He was the legendary Liberator of the Russian people bacilli. Couldn't allow his father's Dynasty to end. Him so Vasily divorced his Barren wife and married a 20 year old Lithuanian Refugee named Elena Glenn skaia at the time Lithuania was one of Muscovy his greatest enemies and the aristocracy of Muscovy a group of Warlords called the Boyer's were upset by this Choice yet. There was little the boyars could do to stop him and it was only a matter of time before vasilis divorce paid off on the 25th of August. 18:30 Elena gave birth to a beautiful baby boy do Vasily this baby was the chosen one the boy who would continue his line of Russian greatness. He named the boy after his legendary grandfather Liberator of the Russian people. The child would be called Ivan the fourth for three years Muscovy was a bright and hopeful place but the good times wouldn't last while on a hunting November 15 33 the Sealy developed an abscess in his leg as it began to lose blood and pus he realized that his life was coming to an end. He raced back to Moscow where he summoned the boy our counsel to his deathbed he forced the boyars to swear allegiance to his son his wife and his family line when he felt content that his legacy was Secure he invited his wife and Son into his Chambers to say his final. Goodbye on December 3rd, 1533 Vasily the third beloved Grand Prince of Muscovy died from infection upholding their oath the boyars crowned three-year-old Ivan as the grand Prince of Moscow ruler of Muscovy while still a toddler Ivan's rain had begun with tragedy and it had begun long before he was ready. Things would only get worse from there Ivan's mother Elena was established as Regent making her the acting ruler yet her foreign blood made some of the boyars uneasy things only grew more suspect when she took the man in charge of the royal Stables Prince Ivan a Belen ski as her lover shortly after the death of her husband her own Uncle Mikhail glinsky criticized her. Felt the relationship was entirely improper and that he should therefore be made Regent in her stead Mikhail found some support in his cause but Elena quickly put it to rest as region. She arrested her own Uncle chained him to a wall and left him to die from protracted starvation. Ivan was only three when he witnessed this cruelty with his own young eyes for the child Prince this level of viciousness. Became part of his everyday life and as Ivan witnessed his mother treating those around him poorly. He was being treated like a God among men. All of Ivan's subjects would bow at his feet. They treated the boy with deference and dignity even visiting dignitaries would kneel and kiss his ring to honor him the clergy especially treated him. Well as they believed he was God's chosen Prince of Russia young Ivan grew fascinated with the Heroic Kings of the Bible and the Royals of Byzantium and Rome as his studies took hold of his Spirit. He began to believe that he was a direct descendant of King David the biblical King who is said to be a man after God's Own Heart. He began to believe what everyone told him. He was a prince chosen by God everywhere. He turned he was told that he was the most important person in the world at the same. Same time his mother showed that people could be disposed of with merely a word. He was the Grand Prince and his people were his to do with as he pleased yet as his childhood ego inflated. He would soon face a rude awakening. On April 3rd 1538 when Ivan was nearly eight years old. His mother was killed by a heart attack. She was only 28 years old. So the death seems suspicious in hindsight. However, at the time young Ivan believed she was merely the victim of poor Fortune. Unfortunately, he became the victim of much worse with Elena's death Muscovy was left without an acting ruler. the Sealy shuisky head of the boiler Council quickly seized power bacilli shuisky was an intimidating and merciless man had over 60 years old shuisky has survived countless Wars and Courtside intrigues and his mind had remained as sharp as his sword within a week of Elena's death shuisky stole her belongings arrested her lover and banished Ivan's nursemaids to a nunnery shuisky then surrounded Ivan with Armed guards not to protect him but to keep him trapped within his Palace eight-year-old Ivan. Once the most powerful child in all of Muscovy had become nothing more than a sad orphaned prisoner when we return we'll see how his brutal youth shapes his eventual rain. Podcast listeners, we realize that there are a lot of Park cast shows to choose from each day and sometimes not enough time to sort through them all in our new feed our cast daily. We filter through your favorite Park a series to highlight the most timely and relevant episode premiering each day every Monday through Friday discover a new and captivating episode curated specifically for you. That's one new episode from our slate of content. And picked with you in mind time is precious and we've got you covered follow park has daily free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. You can check out more Park cast shows and a full library of episodes on Spotify by searching for par cast in the Spotify search bar or by going to Spotify.com / par cast. Now back to the story after Ivan, the fourths mother died in 1538, the eight-year-old found himself the prisoner of Vasily shuisky the most powerful boy are in Muscovy life for Ivan was dark and depressing. He was stripped of his fine clothing and forced to wear Rags. He was rarely fed, and he was helpless as his guards tormented his death younger brother Yuri from time to time shusuke. Would parade Ivan out before the people or force him to conduct rituals and ceremonies as if he were still in power shuisky kept Ivan alive solely to use as a political puppet. As long as he had Ivan Muscovy would not descend into chaos and War he would have control through all of this men carrying swords and axes stood at Ivan side a Perpetual threat if I then stepped out of line he could easily be disposed of Ivan's mood became as dark as the world surrounding him yet even in his desperation. He still had hope Ivan knew that he was the chosen ruler of God shuisky was just a pretender. God would punish shuisky and return the throne to Ivan. Once more the young boy prayed vehemently for shoe skis death. He would kneel until his forehead touched the Floor Rise and kneel again until his Began to bleed Ivan's prayers would soon be answered within a year Vasily shuisky died of old age Ivan was ecstatic but things were never that simple with the reigning boiler out of the picture two major factions began jockeying for power. The first was led by Ivan shuisky vasilis younger brother as vasilis rule had greatly benefited the shuisky family. In shuisky wished to take the reins and continue his family's expansion of wealth and power. The other faction was led by a boyar named Ivan belski the bielski family had always been loyal to the throne when the shoe skis took power. The Bell skis had felt it was a disgrace to the Oaths. They had sworn to eivin's Father the leader of moscow's Orthodox Church Metropolitan Bishop Yosef. Also supported the Bell skis As he felt the shoe skis had violated Ivan the fourths divine right to rule after a brief Skirmish and a race to the Kremlin Ivan belski. Ultimately triumphed thanks to him nine year old Grand Prince Ivan was once again in safe hands. I even thanked God for delivering him from his desperation. He began to believe that his prayer held special powers after all he was the Grand Prince. He was chosen by God. He had helped Forge this new piece with the Lord while eivin had grown weary of internal threats from the boyars the child Prince had not yet realized that his Nation faced external threats as well the piece. Provided by belski would only last for two years during the reign of eivin's Father Muscovy had avoided all out war with its neighbors keeping most of its conflicts relegated to minor border skirmishes to the West it faced other Slavic States like Livonia and Lithuania to the south and east it faced the fractured. Khanates Kazan astrakhan and Crimea these khanates were run. By The tatars Who were predominantly Muslim the religious differences between them and the Orthodox muscovites often made them adversaries. The khanates and Muscovy would use the smallest excuse to invade each other when Ivan was 10 years old concept y re ruler of Crimea decided to invade simply because he thought he could win the war con guaira even went so far as to declare his invasion beforehand sending a letter to the ten-year-old Ivan that read I shall come upon you I shall stand before Moscow in your estate on the sparrow Hills. I Let loose my Army and all directions. I shall enslave your land. I even was terrified an army of more than 100,000 soldiers was coming solely to destroy him. As the Tatar Army marched into Muscovy territory Ivan Bell skis brother Dmitri bielski assumed command of the Russian army and marched South to meet the Crimean tatars in open combat. Meanwhile Ivan shuisky the man who had one struggled with Ivan belski for control of the grand Prince assembled his own Army and marched East to meet the forces of the con of Kazan who had allied with Crimea Muscovy was being investigated. Did on all sides by almost all of its enemies at once 10 year old Grand Prince Ivan had known fear before but none quite like this his age prevented him from leading his own Army, but he knew he must do something in defense of his country Ivan dressed himself and his brother in Royal robes then March to the ouspensky cathedral there. He prayed o Most Holy Sovereign Mother of God be merciful to us. Christian's be merciful to us your children and save us and all Christendom from the Infidel concept query who is advancing against me and against all the Russian land with great confidence protect me and all the Russian land lest the infidels say where is their God in whom they put their trust while eivin's prayers may or may not have reached God. They certainly reached the hearts of his people. Ivan's Army was filled with religious fervor each man swearing to die in defense of the grand Prince. There are God's chosen ruler the fighting began shortly after as the Crimean Army attempted to cross the Oka River Dimitri Bell skis forces met them on the other side trying with all their might to keep the con at Bay while the Crimean Khan had the superior numbers. The Russians had gathered a considerable Force. They held a strategically beneficial position after days of fighting Dimitri finally beat back the Crimean Army and sent the con fleeing to his homeland the Russians suffered few losses and with relative ease Dimitri belski won the war upon hearing of the victory Metropolitan Yosef rang the church bells. He credited Grand Prince Ivan for the victory saying Sovereign we conquered by your engine. Alec prayers and your good fortune. Once again ten-year-old Ivan was convinced that his prayers had won the day he had already suspected that he had a direct line to God and now the Metropolitan and all of Moscow were telling him exactly that Ivan thought he was protected by God, but while the external threats had been repelled he'd been ignoring the old internal threats that had never truly gone away. Ivan shuisky had assembled his own Army to fight the kind of Kazan yet when the con heard about crimea's defeat his own Army turned around and didn't even show up to battle with his own Army still intact and ready for battle Ivan shuisky decided it was the perfect time to conduct a coup on January 2nd 1542 shuisky march to Moscow with a Strike Force 300 strong with the help of Co-conspirators, he arrested the region Ivan belski and Metropolitan yossef shuisky proceeded to have all of grand Prince Ivan's friends imprisoned or executed in a matter of hours shuisky had turned Ivan's World completely upside-down chuski couldn't kill the grand Prince as the people believed his prayers had saved Muscovy, but just like his elder brother Ivan shuisky treated Grand Prince Ivan. I like dirt chuski hadn't realized that Ivan had gotten older and much more angry at 11 years old Ivan had developed a greater understanding of political Intrigue than he had before in secret. He began assembling a group of loyalists within the boiler court within the church as he waited for his moment to strike. He vented his anger in Cruel fashion. He brought small animals like Dogs and cats up to his Palace and threw them off the roof just to watch them Splat against the ground as these creatures fell from his hands. He imagined them as Ivan shuisky as Vasily shuisky as the Khan of Crimea all his enemies would die by his hand just as soon as he had the power he felt was owed to him Ivan. Got a brief glimpse of Hope in May 15 42 When Ivan shuisky died of natural causes grand Prince Ivan tried to grasp power but his faction was still too weak and he was still too young instead Andres shuisky cousin to the other shoe skis took over in his cousin stead. Andre shuisky was the most vicious and corrupt of all the shoe skis if he saw any sign of a boiler being friendly to the Grand Prince he had them flogged and exiled at Tempting to isolate Ivan from all possible companionship Ivan's hatred for Andre shuisky became incalculable. He dreamed of the day he could take his revenge and two years later on December 29th, 1543. He finally got his chance. Early that morning Grand Prince Ivan met with Andre to discuss matters of state but the vicious Andre had grown cocky for the first time in his reign as Regent. He arrived at Ivan's audience Chambers without any private security Ivan immediately ordered Andres arrest Ivan marched with his guards as they dragged Andre through the Kremlin all the way to the Royal kennels Ivan commanded that Andre shuisky be sentenced to death. For the high crime of exceeding his authority and defending the grand princes dignity. The guards beat Andre with clubs until he bled then threw him to the dogs Ivan watched with Glee as the hounds tore Andre to shreds his Vengeance had finally been realized Ivan marched back to the Kremlin head held high he declared to all the boyars that Andres death was just the beginning should Denny boy or cross him. They could expect to be treated to a similar fate the boyars knew what he said was true at 13 years old Grand Prince Ivan. The fourth had finally begun to rule. When we return we'll see how Ivan eventually assumes absolute power now back to the story at 13 years old Grand Prince Ivan. The fourth had conducted his first political execution in gruesome and bloody fashion. It was his ultimate revenge and a warning sign to all who sought to control him. Ivan was no longer a tool to be used. He was a sovereign To be obeyed yet while the boyars finally recognized Ivan as a threat and a power unto himself. They did not follow his commands. Absolutely Ivan was still 13 and He was largely unconcerned with matters of State instead Ivan used his position to treat the people of Moscow as toys for his Amusement when he was 14, he would ride through the streets robbing merchants and whipping any person who stood in his way. When he was 15, he ordered that a Man's Tongue be cut out for speaking rude words. The cruelty that had been exact upon Ivan as a child was now being exact and by Ivan upon the world and yet despite this macari the Metropolitan Bishop of Moscow wished to officially declare that Ivan was an envoys sent by God himself macari was a True Believer in Ivan's Right to rule. So with Limitless Pomp and Circumstance macari held a coronation ceremony on January 16th 1547. He made long and verbose speeches often interspersed with passages of scripture macari declared Russia The Third Rome proclaiming that after the fall of Constantinople. Russia had taken the helm as the true seat of Christianity and the home of God's Emperor Ivan. The fourth macari claimed that Ivan possessed a Divine Heritage his lineage stretching back through the kievan Rus to the Byzantine Empire to Holy Rome and even Jerusalem the Feats of Ivan. The Great would pale in comparison to his grandsons Ivan. The fourth was destined to reunite the entirety of the Russian people's under his rule a claim. So bold deserved a title fitting of its importance McGowan. Sorry declared Ivan. The first tsar of all Russia the words are most closely translates to Emperor. Tsar was a title that could only be granted by the highest Church officials or another's are in Ivan's case. The title was meant to signify that he was an emperor with absolute power questioning Ivan meant you would be questioning God himself for his part 16 year. Old Ivan believe the coronation was long past due with the ceremony complete the Metropolitan the people and Ivan himself believed a new era of Russian history may world history had finally arrived Ivan decided to celebrate this new era with his first marriage to the great pleasure of his people Ivan selected a Russian bride, Anastasia Zack. Arena also called Anastasia. Romanov. Anastasia was deeply religious kind-hearted even-tempered and beautiful the ideal Russian woman of the time. She proved to have a mediating effect upon Ivan while he believed he didn't have to answer to anyone. He did have to answer to his wife largely. Thanks to Anastasia's influence. The early years of Ivan's rain were generally positive. Positive and reform-minded. She kept his latent paranoia in check and encouraged him to make true friends and accept the counsel of wiser mentors Ivan's Chief counselor in those days was the Metropolitan Sylvester a bishop who had arrived from the city of Novgorod and was known for his persuasiveness energy and charm Sylvester convinced Ivan to behave morally and more significantly to create a chosen counsel. Small group of trusted advisors who could run the country for him the head of this Council was a man named Alexia - of a dash of was known throughout Russia for being an intelligent leader and a good man. According to Ivan the Terrible by Robert Paine and Nikita Romanoff. He was scrupulous and Incorruptible always acting in the best interests of Russia a dash of and Sylvester appointed many other laudable meant To The Chosen Council the most significant of these was Prince Andrei kurbsky kurbsky was a young boy our who became close personal friends with Tsar Ivan. He was also a skilled military strategist with a strong sense of morality these four people honest Asia Metropolitan Sylvester Alexia - of and Prince Andrei kurbsky Maids are Ivan's early rain a promising and positive start. They Many policies that reduce the power of the boyars in favor of the welfare of the people and they help defend Muscovy from the cons who frequently harried Muscovy these borders by 1550 20 year old Ivan had had enough of the Cons with the help of a dash of and kurbsky Ivan assembled an army 60,000 strong. His goal was to conquer the khanate of Kazan once and for all Ivan himself was not a great military leader. However, his counselors were quite skilled and Ivan's religious fervor kept up the morale of his soldiers much as he had when he was 10 years old Ivan made an extravagant show of praying for his military success in the middle of his armies Camp. He surrounded himself with religious icons and sacred objects. He the Czar of Russia was calling upon the Lord to help him Smite the infidel. Of Kazan for the sake of Russia and all of Christendom Ivan's war with Kazan with last two full years, but after many battles and a drawn-out Siege Kazan would finally fall into Ivan's hands Ivan was 22 years old at the time and by conquering Kazan, he had officially formed the Russian Empire Ivan rushed back to Moscow where he was greeted by his wife and his newborn son Dmitri. With the victory Ivan became an even more legendary figure songs portrayed the war as if Ivan had single-handedly defeated a frothing horde of evil men with such overwhelming support Ivan felt closer to assuming absolute power than he ever had before yet. His perspective would soon be shaken to its core. In March 1553 Tsar Ivan grew sick with pneumonia fearing that his time had come he summoned the boyars to his chamber with all the men present. He ordered them to swear allegiance to his wife and son just as his father had done for him and his mother Ivan's chosen Council all swore the oath without question yet others weren't so quick to follow the orders of a dying man some Boyer's prefer. To install an adult on Ivan's Throne so they could avoid the chaos of another Regency other Boyer's hated honest Asia and her family and still others had disdain for Ivan himself to Ivan. All of this was death before death the Tsar himself. The chosen autocrat of God was being flagrantly disobeyed to make matters worse the fate of his beloved wife and his only male are were in the balance. Has he had been terrified many times before but nothing scared him quite like this Ivan swore before God that if he got better, he would make a pilgrimage to kirillov Monastery far in the north a long and arduous journey to prove his thankfulness to the Lord. He prayed for days eking closer and closer to death and then he got better as soon as Ivan stood up from his seat. Ed the remaining Boyer's swore allegiance to Ivan Sun but it was far too late for that Ivan had seen their true selves and his God complex began to go hand-in-hand with paranoia. The only person he could trust was his wife all the rest were either Traders or soon to be still weak of body and mind Ivan made preparations to leave Moscow on the pilgrimage. He had promised his God his advisers told told him not to go. It was the middle of winter and the journey was dangerous at the very least. They urged Ivan to leave his wife and son in Moscow where they would be safe one Bishop went so far as to prophesize that Ivan son would die. If Ivan took him out of the city, but Ivan was Resolute, he could not leave his family with traitors Ivan and his family pressed northwards and they arrived at their destination in June. 18:53 Ivan had achieved his pilgrimage and all seemed. Well, he said about preparing for the return Journey when tragedy struck as they boarded the ship to Moscow Dimitri's nursemaid tripped on the pier. The czar's infant son flew from her arms directly into the river. The child was hastily fished out of the water, but they were too late the czarevitch Dimitri was dead Ivan return to Moscow swallowed by grief a beaten man while he had previously sworn Vengeance now, he left the treachery in the past. He still couldn't trust his people. But what did it matter when he no longer had an air his malaise would last for months until March 28th 1554 when his second son eivin V was born Ivan was ecstatic but with the Birth of another are his paranoia was reborn as well Anastasia soothe his worries as best. She could and for the next few years Ivan kept his attention on other things like Conquest Ivan had always thought he was destined to rule over all the Russian people. So in 1558, he started an offensive against the Slavic Nations to his West Livonia and Lithuania, unfortunately for Ivan this war would last Last two decades and it would prove to be one of his greatest failures. However, just as the war was getting started. Another major event would shape the rest of his reign in October 1559 Ivan's much beloved wife. Uh, Nastasia grew ill Ivan begged his counselors Sylvester and a dash of to heal her but they weren't doctors. There was nothing they could do. Her illness lasted for months. And in that time Ivan's paranoia began to overwhelm him. He started to believe that his counselors were deliberately poisoning his wife on August 7th. 1560 Anastasia lost her life Ivan lost his mind raging against the world Ivan accused Sylvester and a dash of of casting Wicked spells. He exiled both men to the farthest. Reaches of Russia never to be seen again within a matter of weeks Ivan had lost his three greatest allies and the three people responsible for all of his greatest achievements over the next few years Ivan began imprisoning and murdering competent and trustworthy Nobles for no reason Beyond his paranoia on January 19th 1563. He beat one of his military leaders to death. With a mace simply for disagreeing with him Ivan's only remaining friend Prince Andrei kurbsky confronted him about this abuse of power in response Ivan banished his closest friend to the contested lands of Livonia furious with the grand Prince's Behavior kurbsky fled from Livonia and defected to the Lithuanian Army. He wrote Ivan letters from Behind Enemy Lines accusing him of behaving like the the Antichrist Ivan was stunned and Pain by curb skis betrayal even though he himself had driven kurbsky away Ivan responded with a series of letters denying that he had committed any acts of violence at all. Tsar Ivan proved himself to be arrogant and diluted with a God complex and a disdain for any who dared to question him when his closest friend condemned him Ivan swore that he would never allow such a thing. To happen again. He concocted a scheme to acquire the absolute power. He was always destined to have in December of 1564 Ivan assembled his revenue and left Moscow in extravagant fashion with no word of warning to the boiler Council as the boiler is remained In the City mystified by the sudden departure of theirs are they began to worry? They were in the midst of a protracted War? War against Livonia they needed there's our to lead them to Victory. They needed him to speak to God on their behalf on January 3rd 1565 the boys received a letter confirming their worst fears Ivan wrote If God and the weather permit. I shall go to alexandrova sloboda and I commit the tsardom into the hands of Traders. Nevertheless the time may come when I shall once more Man, desired him and take it back. It seemed Ivan did intend to leave the nation without a leader wracked with fear. The boy was rushed to respond with flattery. They wrote back with grave reluctance and sorrow in our hearts, we have learned from our great Lord who merits Every Praise that he is displeased with us and especially that he is abandoning the tsardom and us we are but poor and so lovable sheep without a shepherd and the wolves our enemies surround us we therefore request and beg him to see fit to change his mind according to historians Robert Payne and Nikita Romanov Ivan wrote back telling them that he would return to the throne on two conditions the right to strike down anyone he considered a traitor and the right to form a separate Kingdom with its own. Army its own Boyer's Nobles secretaries and officials in other words Tsar Ivan requested absolute power faced with no other choice. The boyars consented Tsar Ivan would no longer be a god-king a name alone. He would be a god-king in practice in the early months of 1565 35 year olds are Ivan vasilievich had come Russia's first true dictator. Thanks for listening to dictators next week. We'll see how Ivan's use of absolute power earns him the title Ivan the Terrible for more information on Ivan. The Terrible amongst the many sources we used we found Ivan the Terrible by Robert Payne and Nikita Romanov extremely helpful to our research. You can find all episodes of dictators and all other park has two Originals. For free on Spotify not only does Spotify already have all of your favorite music, but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite Park Castor Originals like dictators for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream dictators on Spotify just open the app and type dictators in the search bar. And don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park S network will see you next time. Dictators was created by Max Cutler and is a park a Studios original. It is executive produced by Max Cutler sound design by Russell Nash with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Travis Clark. This episode of dictators was written by Giles Hoff Seth with writing assistance by Kate Gallagher and stars Kate Leonard and Richard Rosner.