Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goesAbout it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that people are in the general public are really lacking and searching. Or they're locking of coherency of you know, a good solid foundation in the biology of the coronavirus as well as friend. Just tell fact from fiction. You know, what is a conspiracy theory? What is versus or marketing of some you know product or thought or whatever position or political attitude? Whatever and what is the hard realities? Of the basic science just as a background as a support for this. I want to go into my education first just kind of give you a sense of where I'm coming from regarding, you know, my background and credentials. So just to kind of lend some authority to you know to this podcast and what I deliver to you. I want to make sure that you understand, you know, my background. Around and just give you a sense of like where I'm coming from with regard to my basic science training. So basically, I have a PhD from UC Berkeley University of California Berkeley. I graduated in 2009. I went on to do postdocs at Harvard MIT University of Minnesota and every University. I went to college or I got my Bachelor's of science summa cum laude at Emory University in Atlanta in 2003. So I studied chemistry for the first 10 years of my adult life and when I turned 28, I well what I turned the button when I turned about my early 30s about 32 33. I had a sort of a soul change and I decided to do something wildly different with my life. I ended up going to Seminary at Princeton who went to Princeton Theological Seminary for a year and then I spent about five years after that serving under privileged populations. I spent about a year working on refugees about a year teaching in a South Latta African-American school and spent about three years working out in the Native American reservations of the West on Auntie fossil fuel pipeline activism and during that time I pursued art. I wrote three books one of poetry in photography. Two of pure poetry to basically serve as a public Outreach for the climate change issue and its intersection with sort of like the way that the world is evolving. I don't want to get too political in this podcast. But let's just say things are getting more complicated these days we can see the cracks and things like globalization. There's a lot of concern about a new Cold War Brewing. Ring with China, you know Russia a lot of turmoil in the Middle East continues and it just seems like things are getting more and more complicated in that Arena. So one of the main driving forces for me starting this podcast was actually just watching the Wall Street fluctuation last week and realizing that it doesn't take that much to really bring the market down Wall Street. And that our supply chains are going to be dramatically affected by the propaganda the media, you know Buzz around the coronavirus no matter what the body count ends up being and so forth. In fact in a way. That's what the most damaging aspect is, you know, we have a very poor quality of public education in this country and it's very easy to sort of sway people's purchasing. Savior because it's just not possible to get the kind of basic science education that people deserve in their daily lives in this country. Unless you have a lot of money which involves ghetto getting a private education that's very expensive and so forth. So what I what I want to do in this podcast is really pursue long-term interviews with people that are working in Area of biomedicine public policy. I live in Atlanta Georgia where the Center for Disease Control has based its on the Emory University campus. What I want to do is reach out to certain key individuals that are you know involved in the response to coronavirus. What's what's been formally called covid-19 and to try to organize You know the podcast in terms of a cook kind of interview question and answer format eventually, but initially, what I want to do is start to just go into some Basics about what I think personally about this this event. What I think is important for for the immediate future in terms of how to actually go about getting deeper information and insight into into it. So With that I'm just going to go straight into that, you know basic my perspective aspect of the of the coronavirus basic science. I'm going to keep this podcast pretty short because it's just my first one and I'm testing out by recording equipment and so forth. So just be prepared for that and be aware that the future of recordings of this podcast will be actually increasing in length with the intention of growing the length of the podcast to about an hour to each episode as it progresses. So as I do the recordings for this podcast, I'm going to be preparing illustrations for mainly on Instagram where you can find my Instagram handle at Kaya the human case. Aya th e hu maaaaan kind of the human that's where I'll be posting a lot of the images and links that I'm going to be talking about in this podcast. So with that let's just go into it right now in terms of thoughts initial thoughts. So I'll say first of all that I believe that the coronavirus is one of these events that hasn't happened in about a century the last major pandemic that had the word flew in it is an event called the Spanish influenza that occurred about a hundred years ago after World War 1 that is then killed millions of people and the Really the response to that event is what The a lot of the panic is sort of based around in terms of the media. Particularly Bill Gates is one of the major with the downloaded Gates Foundation is one of the major contemporary or current advocates for Mass vaccination based of scale. You know roofs responses to wide-scale biological ancient, you know pandemic type of events that's being very active publicly recently. I strongly strongly strongly believe that that top-down approach is not the right approach. I'll get into the reasons gradually this podcast. But I strongly believe that what is missing if you have a nun under-informed populous and are not prepared regarding at basic science education is that that kind of top-down approach can basically result from be a very quick, you know, excuse for martial law. So that's one of the main sort of The buzz right now in what's called The Conspiracy Theory Realm of the book the internet and the blogosphere and radio. I'm not going to name names. But let's just say that there's a major element of what's vital is to try to distill fact from fiction right now and you know, A lot of the political division of the United States right now left and right. This is an election year just seems the timing of this coronavirus is such that it's very easy for a panic or fear based response which often almost always results from ignorance and just lack of understanding and insight which comes from not having access to good educational resources, and that has nothing to do with You know innate ability. I believe that if a person has access to information that they're going to in and guidance some basic guidance, you know, they're going to be able to learn stuff very very quickly humans are innately insanely intelligent and very adaptable and I think one of the long-term benefits of this is a benefits and lonely long-term consequences of the coronavirus will be a public a mask. Public Awakening around reality. I think the number one thing right now is just the public has been lulled into a sense of complacency regarding, you know, the reality of biology, you know, and we've seen the the explosion of last 15 years of the mobile device, you know, like the iPhone or the Android and social media and I think that you know, the Google Facebook Apple iPhone so forth, you know model of the internet largely is to blame for the hiccup in Wall Street last week without that sort of Insanely rapid expansion and the way that information is distributed. You wouldn't have the massive disruption in print media, you know, some sort of quote reputable sources are really struggling to do good journalism these days on your kind of seeing like recently. I mean, I think the last couple of years for the death of traditional journalism, and you know, what's what's taking the place of that is snake holes people and sort of people that are armchair, you know scientists that say because I googled this because I glued together these things the throne a YouTube video put it up there and then the algorithm of YouTube or whatever Facebook decides who don't what you see or what you don't see and there's a lot of really really smart people that are in the basic sciences that just basically lack either the ability or the interest in engaging Public that like to do what they like to do in the lab and like to go home and like to have a basic middle-class life and you know, that's just the reality, you know of the of the old way of doing science and really my entrance into Ministry like what I went inside go to Seminary and Princeton was the realization due to personal experience at MIT which I'll get into later down the down the line in this. Podcast but basically I had I had Awakening about 10 years ago that there needed to be a very different way of engaging the public just say that in terms of scientific, you know Endeavors. I studied at the Whitehead Institute of MIT, which is a major Biology Institute. It's where the when the human genome sequencing was being done. There was two projects. Was Private wanted a any governmental one that I studied were the governmental project? The NIH is version of the Human Genome Project was being done led by a group called by the professor Eric Lander and even though Craig Venter who was the private Venture business person who was actually the first person to actually sequence the human genome. It was the collaboration between the government and the private sector after that really gave us the modern Genome of the human human being what I saw at MIT, you know and Berkeley and Harvard was a very close collaboration between corporate and in some cases military interests with basic science research and I strongly believe that this was the reason why I left basic science research, but I strongly believe that Cold Lucien or pollution of basic science with military-industrial, you know money and grant money and and so forth is largely to blame for a lot of the way that the current a virus is having dramatic effects on the markets. I think that if you know basic science were funded in a different model may be a more Grassroots model from the the ground up. I think you would have a different sense of You know how the response would be but I'm going to leave that for later episode later episodes. I want to get back to resources. So on my Instagram account, I'm going to be posting images of proteins that are found in in the in the virus and I would be using what's called protein Data Bank, which is a database of protein DNA. In RNA structures. So if you don't know the cells of living organisms biological entities of which viruses are actually not cells in technically, but they're replicating particles. So for all intensive purposes, the viruses resemble cells cells make up what are called plants and animals fungi and bacteria all the other living beings and these these Eating entities have three different main classes of biomolecules protein DNA and RNA and these are information containing polymers a lot. Like you would imagine like a computer program. They encode all the functions of the cell and carry out and execute the basic functions of life, and I'm going to get into reviewing sort of key steps. The virus life cycle as well as reviewing and showing you know pictures illustrations diagrams of events structures. Like, you know, the way that certain kinds of potential drug molecules might interact with these biomolecules. I'd like to really focus particularly on the aesthetic, you know sort of because the medium of like Instagram is a social media platform is very, you know, sort of blurs alive. Between science and art I'd like to be able to illustrate with sort of, you know eye catching and insightful or Insight delivering images as well as text, you know to give you better ideas about what's going on with the basic science of the coronavirus. So I'm going to be posting resources using an app called I mul viewed light. It's a apple. Or IR iOS Apple iPhone or Google Android app I am oh L VI, ew light a light ee app that could be used to view the biomolecule structures on a smartphone. What you basically do is you go to this website called the pdb or the protein data bank and I'll provide those links. I've already provide the links on the Instagram page. That's my Instagram page where provides information is Kaya the human ke aaya th eh, um a n what you basically do is you go to like a link and you take the 4 digit code and you put that code into the app the eyeball view app and you download the actual experimental coordinates onto your phone you could also there's also a web version of this, which I'll talk about later. But for all intensive purposes, what I want to be doing is focusing on entirely on mobile mobile internet sort of based information delivered to you just because it's a lot easier to talk about in regards to a podcast. So what I want to be able to do is say, you know, here's a peers of molecule like I posted one today of a key protease which is a protein that cuts other proteins. In the proteases are involved in the viral viral replication life cycle. So with an inhibitor which is basically a prodrug or a drug potential drug and the purposes of figuring out the protein structure. I'm going to go into details of how you do that in another episode. But the main idea is there are physics based methods for determining protein structures. These protein structures are three-dimensional shapes much like molecular machine like your car. That's like a very Carved a lives on an invisible scale much much much smaller than what the human eye could see and there are these physics based methods that can be used to determine the structure of these proteins. So what a lot of scientists do there's a field called structural biology in that field of science called structural biology. What scientists do is solve the protein DNA or RNA structures often times in complex with drugs? And they do that in order to get an idea of how these molecules work my background and my training is in structural biology. I have a PhD that's in one of the physics methods for structure determination from like I said from Berkeley, so I have a very deep insight into the field of protein biology and therefore I'm going to be emphasizing. Rising you know trying to provide images and illustrations to sort of coordinate a Improvement in lister's, you know, understanding of the basic biology that's going on with the Coronavirus So going on continuing along the line of thought I would show saying earlier in terms of media. I believe that you're not going to we're not going to go back to like before the mobile internet social media Revolution. We are seeing a lot of people just getting their news from like, you know, Instagram Facebook Google YouTube so far. Now things like Tick-Tock which aren't even American anymore platforms. And the key thing is I don't think we're going to go be going back to you know, print media or newspapers anything. So the hope is that long-term my efforts on these platforms like podcast they can Instagram can Inspire the development of a new generation of more reliable, you know media like based apps stuff. And then surely what I might do is try to deliver these podcasts to like the Amazon Alexa the Google Assistant, you know voice-activated internet systems, but in the short-term, I'm just looking to get out information as fast as possible. So because it's a very rapidly developing, you know event so going along with the idea. I think it's important to be prepared for quarantine. You never know if you might actually catch The court of Iris though, even though it might be rare initially. It's likely that they're going to be pockets of it for a long long time being at least the next year or two a while they try to develop a response or a coordinated effort to responding to the court a virus outbreak and what that means is having like a store of food like 90 days as well as water purification, you know basic home defense. It's as well as a plan to the case of you know, major Urban problems. I just leave it that you know evacuation but mainly the court issue of quarantine is making sure if you do get the virus that you have enough in from, you know, goods and basic Services already lined up that you can actually whether the you know, the Outbreak of personal outbreak of the cordilla virus which I think say it takes about 10 days to two weeks to clear the system. So what I've heard is that the Corona virus starts with a very high fever. I've heard up to 103 in certain cases. And mainly the morbidity is in, you know, all the elderly population, but the issue largely is that basically people are just not prepared. Aired for being you know locked away in their you know in their houses or whatever and not to mention the impact it will have on the workplace. I mean, I can't imagine that major corporations would be very forgiving of you know, if someone did come down with this this coronavirus that you know, it's very possible that you would be just be going through a major disruption your work. I'll just leave it at that and I have some personal experience with that. We'll leave it at that for now. But I know that you know, the main thing is a company's interests are to the company. They're not into protecting the workers rights and we've seen you know, major trade unions serve dissolved the last few decades and it's just a very concerning to think about the prospect of how you protect your employment if you were to catch this thing, so a lot of these things really weigh Emily on me because I do know that it's possible to you know to really be prepared. But the same time, you know sort of if you catch this virus, it's it's going to be difficult to predict the outcome, you know say that we just leave it that but other than that, I think it main the main basic idea the main The main Central take-home message of this of this episode of the podcast will be really take the time to discern the basic science of the illness. You want to be able to understand that there are resources out there. They're legitimate train people the trained professionals that can provide. You you know a much more face-to-face level in sight and dialogue about the court of Iris. I strongly recommend getting off the internet and going to your Public Library get check out books. See if we could get access to Medical journals. My number-one issue and thing I want to bring out the as the last few minutes of this podcast are because I wanted to keep it to half an hour is see if you can actually get Any medical journals from your Public Library go to the public library and ask for access to these journals their most often. If not always behind what are called pay walls. And this is by and large the number one thing that pharmaceutical companies and other major government industrial agencies used to hide the basic science from the public demand from your Public Library. That you can get access to these public resources because they are public resources most if not, all the basic science effort is publicly-funded taught that beans taxpayer funded research. And that means that the information that is derived from those studies is a public resource in my opinion. Now some will debate that but by and large that's the reason why I left the basic science business because let's just be clear what it is. It is a business like any other business. There are shoulders there's a market and by and large the American, you know market for that has been outsourced overseas and just leave it at that. So what I want to say is that you know, your public library is your best friend right now. There's also a way to get Books from the public library and a program called the interlibrary loan. I recommend getting onto a database called PubMed pu bmed and just start using it like Google PubMed is basically the biomedical Google it's where major medical journals and basic science journals are published professional database used very heavily in the trade, and it's Entirely publicly accessible you can get access to What's called the abstracts of papers, even if you may not be able to download the PDFs for the papers this which is how medical journals are delivered to the public. You can still read the abstracts and get some understanding of what's contained in those turtles. So with that I'm going to sign off about 20 seconds left. I hope you have a good day and stay safe the next episode. Come next week, and we'll prepare a longer more in-depth review of protein structures for that one. So good luck and God bless. Have a good day. Bye. Come next week, and we'll prepare a longer more in-depth review of protein structures for that one. So good luck and God bless. Have a good day. Bye.