Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that areIn the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30 seconds. And write down the title. And if you do have a question hit me up. I'm happy to answer in point you guys in the right direction and I'll try to say the titles in the author's and not butcher the names but I read like a three-year-old as best I can. What that said? I'm going to try to this podcast a little bit quicker because I still have a terrible leg workout. I have to hop into and it's just one of those weeks where I've worked a ton of hours and I'm just tired and I don't really want to do lunges and split squats and push a sled and hop on the assault bike and that's what I have to look forward to in about 30 40 minutes from right now and on a side note. I am actually going out to dinner tonight with a client of ours here in my wife and his partner were all going to get together. Who is taking us to one of his favorite places which I've never been because it's a little bit fancier. And if you guys know me, I'm not a huge amount of real not real fancy person what pretty basic dude but he was actually my first personal training client here over 10 years ago and I work with people before that from moved here, but he was my first personal training client when I basically decided to go out on my own and not when I was in this facility here not when I was in our old warehouse for seven and a half years before that. He was the first guy. I worked with an independent facility because when I started out I didn't have any money and have any resources. I don't know anything. So what I did was I wrote a letter and I sent emails of the emails. I could find to every like Boutique mom and pop gym in a probably a 10 mile radius from my house and said, hey, I'm a young kid name is Jeremy. I'm starting out. I want to get into fitness. I want to train people. Here's my certifications. Here's everything. I have here's what I've done in the past, but I don't have anywhere to go. Can I come training your facility? Maybe like we do a Cheering split maybe I give you part of the money for each person that train and long story short this place Peak Performance, which I believed and still is at Peak right now P performance said yeah Jeremy come on in and we'll do that and I only had well shit one client and that one client was Roll and Roll is the guy that is taking us out to dinner tonight and oddly enough. He was also our realtor Who Sold us our house about 7 years ago. So needless to say he has seen the progression of me over the past decade plus and I I've seen that of him and we are obviously into you know, completely different stages of life and we've become good friends with them and they become friends with us and it's it's a super neat thing to see that and that's I share that because it's about the relationships that you cultivate with people. You can go anywhere for training you can go anywhere from nutrition advice and I'm not saying, you know, my training style is the same as the guy right next door and the guy behind me here in the girl down the street, but if they're doing it correctly. Clearly there's a lot of similarities does that make sense that even if my style of training is different than let's say somebody on the internet if they're doing it correctly. You can get results both ways. So there's multiple options and we know that but people are choosing to stay with us because it's deeper than that. It's not just about sets and Reps and I hope you guys understand that when you pick a coach when you pick a communion of people that you work with it goes a lot deeper than that and I feel it that way and I like becoming friends with the people who are here. I like doing nice things for them. I Like them feeling comfortable. So not only can they obviously get the best results possible but they come to a place where they feel like, they're not judge and they can tell us things that we can share things that we can all kind of grow together. That's what I try to do with this business in this life and real is a you know, he is the epitome of that even though him and I have to share this because he's going to listen to this as humans. We are completely different we both come from nothing and no money backgrounds grinded our faces off. He runs, you know much bigger age. See the Naidu for sure and he's much fancier than me. I'll say that you know, he rocks a Mercedes. I drive my O8 Accord. I'm a T-shirt and jeans guy. He's probably going to wear a five thousand dollar jean jacket out to dinner tonight, but it works because you know humble beginnings and even though he likes the nicer things in life and if you can afford it, you know respect. It works it would become very good friends over time in a very appreciative of him and what he's done for us in my family over the year. So that is what I'm doing tonight and I share that just so you guys understand it's about people it really is I wouldn't do this podcast fitting get the feedback from you guys. I wouldn't have it in person business. I can go on the internet and just do it make my money there all day, but the people here matter the community matters our relationships matter and I get something out of it much more than just, you know, hey, here's a check for because Can train a lot of people know it cuts a lot deeper than that and tonight is just another example of that. You know, it's I don't look at it as like, oh, I'm going out to dinner with some clients know it's like we're just going out to dinner with some friends who happen to be the first person. I worked with here a decade ago and happened to be the same guy who sold us our house and he just wants to celebrate us for paying it off which I thought was a super nice gesture and pretty cool. So that's on my docket tonight, but enough of my personal ramblings here we're going to get into The books that I would suggest for you guys to read and the ones that have had the biggest impact on me and my life over the past decade now before I dropped the first title. I need to say this I consume about a hundred books per year. And people are listening going. Holy shit. You're me that's a ton of books and it is but I don't read most of them. I read probably two to three books here at the most now. I will say this. I do read a ton of content a lot of Articles a lot of Snippets a lot of blogs. There's a lot of people I subscribe to a certain things and some days. I'll read nothing and some days. I'll read for an hour. It just depends on my schedule, but Audible Has become my best friend for sure over the past probably six years now and I'll do a lot of podcasts to and I'll share my podcast list later with you guys on a different episode my podcast tend to be pretty vanilla and Bland. I don't I don't like a lot of the Roush it and I don't need to be motivated. That's just not who I am. I like more tactical stuff personally and things on philosophy. I'm just about life, but there's only so much that you can consume right but I digress the reason I consume about A hundred books a year is and I've talked about this car a lot over the past, you know, probably a couple of years but as you guys know, I drive a 2008 Honda Accord. It's got a hundred forty-four thousand miles on it. Now. I mean, you know going to ride that bad boy and you know, as long as I can but probably five or six years ago the battery died which in Arizona if you guys are here your batteries died probably like once a year like every other year because when it's a hundred Seventeen inches fries of shit out of them and so my battery died and so I take it. Into like either way, these are Jiffy Lube or somewhere just replace the battery for me. And once they swept with the battery. I don't have the code anymore for my radio are my CD player because I again I drive a no 8 you guys I do not have a back up camera. I've never had a backup camera my car by the way, and I'm 36 years old, which is pretty soon to be embarrassing to say but it's not like playing like there's no blue tooth in here. There's no like MP3 anything. There's no I'm going to do Apple sink. Its It's a CD player and radio but I lost the code many many years ago. So in my car when I get in there, there is no noise. There's nothing there's no option for sound whatsoever. And some days. I mean they'll drive to work and I won't have anything on I just that's kind of like my, you know, 10 to 15 minutes of like just mandatory mindfulness where it's quiet and I can just kind of you know, relax let my central nervous system chill before I get into here and rip it but for all the other times I'm driving especially home. Or when I'm running errands or if I do get stuck in traffic. I listen to audio books and I got in the habit of doing that now when I'm at the grocery store if I go to the post office if I'm walking I'm always listening to an audiobook and that's how it came about. And so I have to thank my car radio dying and not having the code for me to be able to listen to this many books per year and it really has changed my life in terms of the amount of knowledge. I'm able to consume and acquire and understand and how I think and how I talk and always speak a lot of that has a Routed to me just taking in so much information over the past six years before that. I'm not saying it didn't read books, but nowhere near the level it is today, and I just I literally by about 10 and a time and sometimes I'll finish a whole one before I start the next one. But sometimes I'll do two or three simultaneously depending on what type of mood I'm in I think of it as like kind of Netflix like you might watch one show at a time, but some of you guys probably watched two or three shows depending on what type of mood you're in and now do the same thing with audiobooks. And so that is why I rip off about a hundred Year, so with that said the first book on my list the go-getter by Peter kind. I think it's Peter kind. I actually read the go-getter cover-to-cover. Like I read it. I didn't just listen to it. But I've also listen to it on Audible. It's a great listen. Long story short the go-getter is just a motivational tale of if you want to get shit done. You got to be willing to put in the work overtime. And it's it's a classic. It's super old. I don't have the numbers in front of me. I believe that books probably around for like 50 years, maybe even more and I've listened to it more than once. It's just a really good example of like resolved and if you want to get something done just go do it. So the go-getter is one of my favorite books of all time. The next one The Undefeated mind Alex. Liquor man The Undefeated mind is cool. If you're into kind of personal development and free thinking he goes into they'll talk on some religion stuff. I'm not going to sit here and preach to you guys of what you should believe because I believe you know, whatever makes you happy and whatever you believe in is, you know your truth, but he talks a lot about just having an open mind in terms of that and it's either Psychiatry or psychology patients speaking from that perspective and they'll dig into like nichiren Buddhism. Just kind of like how that goes about like how he changed religions from like what he grew up was of his kid to what he believes now and on that same I do think that is a thing where you know, sometimes we grew up a certain way. We don't question things. We just take them as they are because our mom did it in our dad didn't or Grandpa did it and there's nothing wrong with that having the tradition in the Legacy, but there's also something to be said about being a free thinker and when I look at my own, you know beliefs of you know religion in the world and Source energy in the universe and fucking unicorn tears and all the things Leave in I do think there's a lot of good things like that the nichiren Buddhism practice applies to real life into me the easy example, I give it's just about being a good person but it does talk about mindset quite a bit. And there's The Undefeated mind about Alex flickerman is a great read next one one minute mindfulness by Donald Altman. It's a good book quick read if you're a person who gets too busy working. In their life, they don't get to work on their life. I would suggest this for you. It's it's just leaves little practices that you can do every single day to be mindful when I say mindful. It's like you never know people there somewhere, but they're not really there. Like I'll get example like when I was in school like I'd be sitting in math class, but I wasn't really in math class. Right? Like I'm sitting there like my body is there but my brain is nowhere near there and the teacher can be looking right at me saying some shit and I can be looking. At her and I didn't hear a single word. She said because I'm thinking about Tupac lyrics and you know, Michael Jordan fadeaways or whatever is on my brain or probably girls at the time and so I'm in class them saying there but I'm not really there. My mind is somewhere else that mindfulness is like when you're actually like, you know, eating an orange. You're actually eating an orange like you smell it the texture of the taste you take a bite of it. You really just you take it all in for just being in that moment. You're not thinking about work or your kids or Or some other shit. You're just thinking about eating that orange in the moment or like when you're having sex, you're just having sex. You're not thinking about work, you know thinking about you know, what you have to do tomorrow. You're just thinking about the feeling in the moment and being mindful of every touch and every feeling you're having some make sense. Like it's a book of those little practices to be to take a minute to just be mindful every single day. This can be gratitude things. They can be perspective things. They can be stimulus things. It's a great read. I also do read a lot of on that. Therapy books here in books on how to talk to and understand people and how to help them how to empathize with them such as like the mindfulness toolbox, which is like this 50, you know tips and tools handouts for anxiety depression stress and pain which is also written by Donald Altman. I do read a lot of that stuff. Those are the books. I actually do have here like if you ever come visit me to say Jeremy what books you talking about? They're in my desk right here. I'll pop them out and I just roll through them and how I need to say this before I keep going. How I make decisions on what books are read are basically two choices one what it's going to help the people. I work with the most. What am I going to read in here that I can give back to them or speak to them or talk about a problem a scenario or dilemma that's going to help me either understand them better listen to them better or give them some advice that they can take and make their life a little bit, you know, healthy happier or a little bit easier and the second thing is, you know, what person is going to make my life better and Those are almost one in the same. Sometimes they're not but I believe it's I am so much like all of you. I'm a normal fucking dude. I cannot say that enough. There's things that I do that are probably weird and strange and unlike many of you guys but at our core I think so many of us spend so much time trying to be unique. We're all the same like we all have the same humanistic needs. We really do if you're cold you want to be warm if you're warm you want to be cool, you know, if you're hungry you need eat if you're thirsty, you have to drink if you're horny, you have to have sex like we all have these, you know basic animalistic needs and yeah, we might have different careers and we might like different types of music and things but we all like music we all have careers, you know, I'm saying like we're all were all so similar and I'm just like you but when I do something to help myself, I think in some weird way it would hope most of you as well since we all are so similar. So if I read a book on Personal Finance to help me, I'm not telling you what to do with your money. I'm going to share with you what I did for myself and if you want to do something similar, you could model the behavior that I used. I hope you're following me so long. So I do read a ton of books like that which most of you probably wouldn't be into that but I do have to say that is a huge part of my career and my personal Development in terms of if you are a business owner or you want to start a small business or you're thinking about it or you work in a small business or you work in any company or organization? You want to understand it better the e-myth by Michael Gerber or the e-myth Revisited. He has a whole, you know kind of e-myth series but the e-myth is just about being an entrepreneur and he goes into detail about if you're in a small business such as myself if you're you know the owner if you're the manager or if you're the technician and they break down those roles inside of multiple businesses and they explain it to you. And that's I listened to that probably 10 years ago. Probably the maybe probably the second Euros in business give or take and it changed the scope of how I thought about things and now I'll always be the owner here as long as it's you know, my name on the door, and I'm also you know the manager a lot of times and a lot of times. The technician and I know how to separate those roles. We have other people here where Monica can manage and Jacob can be the technician and so can other people we can shift roles and things but if you're going to start a business and you want to I think the e-myth by Michael Gerber is an amazing book and I think all of you should read it even if you think you know everything there's going to be a lot of great takeaways in there that will help you. I guess kind of unblurred the lines of what you do in your job. And obviously if you start a small business, you're everything up front your you know, I was never the CPA but in or the financial planner, but for those two things like I Was the janitor, you know, I was every other role inside of that. Yeah. I was the bookkeeper even though I never filed the taxes. I kept course of everything. So it is a great book the other one. I think if you're a business owner Or you want to start a small business or you're a hustler The Reluctant entrepreneur by Michael Madison The Reluctant entrepreneur by Michael Madison is just a smarter way to start your own business or the smarter way to start a side hustle or a passion project and I don't know if there's anything earth-shattering in there. The funny thing is a lot of these books. Some of the things I didn't do but a lot of them are already did naturally and when you say reluctant entrepreneurs the person who does it the right way like you just don't like you're not a person who's making $150,000 a year and you got three kids and you come home Friday and you tell your wife you're quitting your job and you're going to go, you know start a snow cone stand like that's not a reluctant entrepreneur. That's a dumbass entrepreneur. You don't want to be that I'm not saying I was that but again, I'll give you context I think. I feel I was even though I will say this when I started this business I had no business training. I had no skills. I had no money. I don't know what the fuck I was doing and I honestly didn't have a current active client at the time. So that would fall under the dumbass entrepreneur category and that's exactly what I did on the same sentence. My wife had a job making about two dollars so we could survive on the two dollars and we ran the numbers and we knew that we lived in my one-bedroom sit condo, which I still think is amazing to this day, which I got a Smokin deal on because I bought it when the economy completely collapse. So I got it for pennies on the dollar. So the cheapest rent we could ever pay I had a paid off old used car. My wife had a paid off old used car and I was 25 years old. What did I have to lose? Right? I can always go back and get another shitty. For job and I be just fine and at the time I think I had total of I think we had $5,000 total tour name. So I had $5,000 or burn through. So I did again when you don't have a lot to lose. I do feel like that's like The Reluctant entrepreneur route, but if you guys are in a different boat, I think you should read this book before you think about quitting your job. If you do have a bigger mortgage or car payments or responsibilities with kids and family, but again, the e-myth Revisited and reluctant entrepreneur both great books if you're looking to To be an entrepreneur or somebody wants to do something outside of just the you know, corporate structure next one extreme ownership by Jackal and lafe great book. They tell a lot of stories about their military days and basically just as the title says taking extreme ownership for everything goes wrong in your life and your business. I got a lot out of this I did it probably 90% And when I listen to that book, I just went a hundred percent all in and said anything that's wrong here is my fault anything that anybody does here. It's my fault. It's my responsibility and I have to clean it up and you just you learn to not make excuses and you learn to just not have a shitty attitude understand that everything in your life is up to you, you know, and obviously bad things are going to happen to you. I can't that's the Universe. I can't equate for that. But everything else if you take extreme ownership and accountability for your efforts and your actions things get pretty good really fast because you have nobody else to fucking blame but yourself and then you figure it out and that's when stuff gets really amazing next one rhinoceros success by Scott Alexander. This is another book. I read actually cover to cover. It's a great book. It's like I have a lot of pictures in it too. It's like a little kids book. I'm good with books that would fit like a 6th grader because I feel like that's about my my reading I don't want to be reading level because it's not right but my reading interest is about like the sixth grade level books like Everybody Poops. Also a great book because no Reddit and rhinoceros success by Scott all There is a great book just talked about being a rhinoceros and the rhinoceros is like a metaphor for a person who is motivated and wants to go get stuff done and just talks about kind of like to Swagger you'd have if you were like a badass Rhino, right? Like if you think like whatever your favorite animal is like a bear or an alligator or a rhinoceros, for example, it talks about living your life that way not living your life like a sheep actually going out and getting the things you want having thick skin, you know having a short memory when it comes to bad things in your life. It really is it's all stuff, you know. No, but it's done in a really tasteful fun way. So check that one out. Next one Think Like a Freak Steven Levitt and I think somebody else put that out too. But think like a freak. They also have a podcast Think Like a Freak is is a good book about thinking about things differently and how sometimes like the world and the media pulls the wool over your eyes and makes you believe certain things kind of like what's going on now with the world in the news of you know, freaking people out and all the stuff that they're Cheering with the things that are going on but the Think Like a Freak book. The one thing I remember is they have you think about like fat loss and weight loss differently in the example. I remember in the book specifically and I'll never forget this they're talking about like gastric bypass or like the lap band surgeries where they actually, you know, cut your body open, you know, put the lap band down or they shrink your stomach down they make it, you know, super small. So, you know by forces You by Nature you can't eat so much because the stomach volume fills up and you'll lose weight over time. Which is a pretty invasive thing to cut your body open in and plant something inside your body when you think about it, that's pretty drastic. Right? Well the example he gives the book is he was What If instead of doing gastric bypass, we had you puke in a jar and we're that jar around your neck and every time you were hungry you unscrew the jar and you give it a real strong with do you think that would deter you from eating well shit you out. Well, that's pretty disgusting. And people like oh my God, that's so drastic that so crazy. Is that crazier than you cutting open your body and implanting something in there and doing a major life changing surgery. I would argue puking in a jar AS way less invasive way less dangerous and way easier to come back from do you agree the other example, he gave him the book was if you're not down with the puke jar scenario What If instead of doing like lap ban or gastric bypass or Thing to kind of cure or curb this, you know, eating stuff. What if you just gave your lips like 20 paper cuts in the top and bottom and every time you are hungry and want to put food in your mouth would be so painful for you to eat you would stop and people that's crazy and insane again. I would argue having small paper cuts on your lips as far less invasive than like this lap band or gastric bypass surgery. So again, it's just it's giving you different ways to think about problems and how to go about them and all be at like, I know that both those things Crazy, but when you really step back from it are those things not less drastic than these major surgeries out argue. They are so there's a lot of things in the book where makes you think about things differently and maybe see things in a different light. So Think Like a Freak good read next one's just Fitness stuff in a lot of you guys have asked about like Fitness books and those things honestly, I've went through a ton over the years A lot of them are technical books like the things we have to read here for, you know certifications and continuing education credits. I do, you know trade stuff with a lot of my friends and colleagues in the space. That's where I get a lot of my information from if I don't know something. I'll reach out to like Mike or BJ or you know, whoever it is and I'll say hey, what do you think of this and we'll go back and forth or our doctor friends as well, but it starts with food Melissa and Alyce Hartwig is a good book. It's kind of like a take on the Whole 30 basically and so they kind of talked about just eating real food and their experiences with it. I don't believe there's a hundred percent truths and in He you know specific book. There's a lot of gray area for people in nutrition is the hardest thing right because everybody's so different what what so guys asked me yesterday. Hey Jeremy, what do you do for your what are your calories? And what are your Macros and like, I don't know. I don't track them anymore tracked him for years and years and years, but I don't anymore I go by how I feel number one and how I look and what my schedules like so some days I eat once a day some some days. I eat twice a day and if I feel good, and I think I don't look like a complete turd. I'm okay with it, but the biggest thing is just how I feel so I don't track the macros, but I don't need to either I have a pretty good estimate of what they are, but they can fluctuate and that works for me. I wouldn't recommend that for everybody else. I also eat in about a four-hour window most days so I eat from like let's say, you know, three or four o'clock until like eight or nine o'clock and that's probably it and some days if I eat one meal I eat like a one-hour window. So again, I'm not recommending that to you guys listening, but that works for me, but the it starts with food Does give a lot of basic information to you guys in terms of food and how to eat it and what they did in their experiences are and then obviously you you know, you beg borrow and steal in nutrition. Right? Like you don't have to you wouldn't take my diet and make it your diet just like I wouldn't take my wife's diet and make it my diet but there's things that she does better beneficial that I should do it. Like my wife naturally would eat way more vegetables to me. So I gravitate towards her and pretty vegetables like she does I know. We'll probably bigger into you know. You protein then she is and she'll she'll be like gravitate towards, you know, eating, you know, more cuts of fish and those things like than I would and so we we steal from each other if you want to think these are what these books are for the next one Supple Leopard by Kelly Starrett. If you're looking for injury prevention or athletic performance Kelly is a genius. He is the best in terms of Mobility on the planet. I don't even think that's arguable and supple upper is a good book if you're looking to get into that the other one the the first probably book book. I read encyclopedia bodybuilding by Arnold. That's probably my first like legit lifting book other than like Men's Health and muscle and fitness and those things but encyclopedia bodybuilding is the old school like how to just pick up and put down weight and how to do it in a very bodybuilding format. Obviously, we've come a long way since then but definitely a good read if you don't know anything and some of the stuff, you know at this stage of life. I probably wouldn't do and don't agree with everything but there is a Really good truce in there and just it's a good read for sure to learn the basic Foundation movements, especially if you're into body building and building up your physique, the other ones just off the top like Warrior Diet. I went through years ago lean gains. Even for Body by Tim Ferriss put that out again just different ways that people go about eating and training that some of you guys might, you know, take some things from and throw those out there next one minimalism. By Josh and Ryan and they have a podcast to call the minimalist there like the two prime most famous minimalist. There are on the planet minimalism is a good book If you're trying to Have less shit in your life literally like less material stuff for sure and they're not about just giving up everything is something you can't have an iPhone and you can't have a car and all this crazy stuff, but it just kind of talks about living with less and not being so wrapped up in the material things that we have in the world. And I think if you look around your house, you probably have way more stuff than you need in terms of clothes and shoes and you have junk drawers like filled with pens and chargers and markers and all kinds of other shit. We just We collect over time and it kind of talks about decluttering your life to just be more clearly clear like more free and just a little bit happier. Next book The obstacle is the way Ryan holiday. This is a great book as well a lot of stories in here, but overcoming and persevering and literally as the title says it just keeps reiterating. The obstacle is the way I think we as a culture now specifically get really hung up on the end goal and the end result, you know, like, oh we want this house. We want this car. We want this salary want this body and that's great. And we don't necessarily always want to do the work that's involved to get there. But the obstacle is the way and without that adversity without that roadblock with all that shit you had to Wade through to get there. It wouldn't really feel like you're earned it when you got to the end and sometimes it's that adversity that struggle that creates the thing you want like when you're in the gym and you're struggling through split squats and your legs are burning and it's just as miserable horrible feeling and you can't breathe and you're sweating and it's uncomfortable. That's what makes those legs grow. That's what develops the glute and the hamstring and the quads so your butt and legs look and move and feel the way that you want them to the obstacle is the pain is the agony is the lack of oxygen but that is the way to get what you want. I do resonate with things like that because when you train the physical body you learn a lot of things about yourself and life a you know, how deep is your pain cave, you know how far into the ocean of pain are you willing to swim before you have to get back to? Sure, but that's how we do everything in life. How you become great at anything is pretty much how you become great at everything. It's putting in the consistent effort energy and work overtime and willing to endure in sacrifice certain things to get what you want. If you look at anybody who excels that anything in life, they've been some people are naturally gifted in certain areas for sure, but you take like LeBron James it's not like LeBron doesn't work and putting the time to his diet and his recovery and to sleep. And is craft every single day. So you take this talent and you mix it with this amazing work ethic over time and you get one of the all-time greats. You guys are no different next one. You're a badass by Jensen chair. Oh, this is a great book to Jen is a character for sure and obviously if the title of your book is you're a badass she's going to kick it to you real and there's a lot of real good truce in there. I think you can apply to a lot of areas. Your life so I do like that next one the big leap by gay Hendricks. This one as well is about you obviously taking a leap in your life to Great personal development book about making decisions. And you know when to take the proverbial jump if you will next one The Compound Effect Darren Hardy again, if you guys are familiar with compound interest, which if you listen to me you for surely know what that is at this point. It's just about how the, you know the daily efforts and actions you have and over time to create a pretty amazing life whether that be in your career your relationships or your finances or your physical body, but to The Compound Effect by Darren Hardy easy read and nice to follow next one take the stairs by Rory Vaden again along the same lines The Compound Effect kind of that, you know, take the stairs mentality to reaching your goals not always taking the easy way out next one Natural Born Heroes Christopher McDougall now this Is an interesting read this is the long book for sure. They're going way back in the day. Like, you know, we're talking like the Nazi days of them like trying to invade, you know, crate you're talking like the Greek Islands. It's a it's a history book, but it talks about perseverance and people beIN together and just different scenarios and life as well. I'll let you guys dig into it if you choose to but Natural Born Heroes by Christopher McDougall is a is a good read along But it's good. Next one. If you're talking business stuff people by you by Jeb blunt is an old book and this is one that's kind of shaped. How I do things more so than a lot of other probably tactical books and things along the way and the title kind of Explains It All People by you and I soon as I heard that I'm like, yep there that's right. It made sense. It's true. Now, they're certain products I resonate with for sure because it made my life easier like uber like I don't give a shit who my Uber driver is I just I want the service but for a lot of other things in my life, I buy the person now they can't suck at the Service, they can't suck at their craft and be a horrible technician of what they're doing, but people buy you and they by you every single day by the decisions they make if they choose to be friends with you if they choose to work with you if they choose to hang out with you like it is everything we do is us as people. That's why I try to make everything relationship base and not transactional based and I just figure if I'm the best person I can be and I show up and I work hard I try to do right by people things are going to work out for me. And this is a book that goes into great detail. Tale about that. So people buy you by Jeb blunt in terms of finances. A lot of you guys have asked me that again. I'm at a financial advisor. I'm just a dude who was once completely dead broke with a negative net worth and now here I said today and really basic stuff. I'm not a get-rich-quick person. I'm not a person who takes huge risks, even though you know some people from the outside probably think that way Having already described from you quitting my corporate job with no money and no clients. No resources and no education's maybe maybe I am the guy who takes big risks and does stupid stuff. But when I make decisions with money, I always ask myself, you know, if the world went to Black would I be able to survive and make it out of this and would my you know family be? Okay and what I be? Okay, and if the answer is no then typically don't do that financial decisions. So someone came to me and said hey Jeremy, will you invest in this thing for you know fill in the blank? Thousand dollars and if I knew me giving him a hundred fifty K would you know crippled my family financially or bankrupt me or do something, you know? Negative I wouldn't do the deal right like so when I look at certain things I look for the standpoint of like I'm willing to invest this money in this but if I lose it as everything going to be okay, and if the answer is yeah then I tend to do the deal if I've done the diligent research on the front end. So I'm a very basic person. I'm not a huge believer in debt. Obviously if you guys listen to me, you know that I don't want to owe anybody anything that's why we paid her house off as quick as we did so I could live without the burden of that in my life having to you know, make payments to the bank and With it such as mine. They don't got to stress about it. I'm also a believer in real estate if you can pay for it in cash or if you can obviously, you know, get a super Smokin deal on it and it's not going to hurt you if you have to make payments if you're doing rental properties and nobody can rent them and then over time those things can cash flow and make you money. I'm a huge fan of that. I'm a huge fan of the stock market mutual funds SP if you qualify for a Roth IRA or the traditionals or any kind of 401k profit sharing set plan you have at your job. If you're self-employed, I believe if you believe in America, you put your money in the stock market you're going to make money over time. It's essentially I want to say passive income because I really believe in that term but it is a thing where if you set your money somewhere and it gives you six to ten percent over the course of you know, I don't know the next 30 Years, you're probably going to be a millionaire and if the percentages work in your favor if you have money in a 401k or IRA and your money, you know doubles every seven years give or take the You know interested pays you you're going to be doing all right over time. So I'm a big believer of being conservative but being smart with your money and taking, you know reluctant and calculate a risk since the books that I grew up on the told Money Makeover obviously by Dave Ramsey. If you guys don't know Dave he's you know, he's the debt-free king big part of why we decided to get out of debt. It's because I believe in a lot of the stuff. He says maybe not everything. I don't have to agree with them on it, but it's very Common Sense things that your grandma or Grandpa would tell you so The Total Money Makeover is a basic book. It walks you guys for the baby steps of how to pay off your debt and how to you know, invest for your future and retirement and how to make decisions and purchases. It's super basic but it is helpful. If you're financially illiterate. You don't know anything. I would urge you to pick it up sooner than later and give it a read you probably finish it in one or two nights and if you can talk your husband or wife into it, it can change the scope of your life financially next one The Millionaire Next Door. By Thomas J Stanley. I read probably seven or eight years ago. And the newer version is everyday millionaires by Chris Hogan, which is Chris is part of the Dave Ramsey team, but the Millionaire Next Door is an old book some of the stuff, you know, probably not as applicable today it is but in terms of like when they give examples right like the example one of the gives like this couple who bought, you know each bought a pack of cigarettes every single day for like 30 years and if they just would have took that same money invested into it. Herman account they both would have been millionaires but they didn't they bought cigarettes instead. And so not only are you killing yourself cause you're smoking cigarettes like an idiot, but now you have no fucking money and that's again that's not for everybody. But the Miller Next Door is for the person who's like who's like me the / if you grew up like I did it all if you grew up with the family and with no money and no resources and they didn't really know anything about finance and stuff and no one in your family was able to become a millionaire. Nobody in your family had in excess of wealth if you were To listen to that book and take some of those principles and apply them you could easily be the first millionaire in your family and it kind of walks you through like what a millionaire looks like just like the everyday millionaires book by Chris Hogan. They did the biggest independent study on millionaires in North America. I believe think they pulled ten thousand Millionaires and ask them like very basic questions. Like hey, you know, what are you know, how did you get your money? Did you inherit it and I think 97% did inherit a scent they worked for their money regardless of what people believe. Holding a lot of people think oh, someone says a millionaire the inherited from the rich parents that that wasn't the case for me or my wife. Either of us. We everything we've learned we've done it ourselves and that's a lot of people out there. But how did they do it? Well, they lived in homes that were modest like the homes probably in your neighborhood. They're probably your next door neighbor. There is a guy like me who lives next to you, but doesn't have a house payment. They probably also drive an older car like when you look at like the number 1 car millionaires drivable. It was a Toyota Camry. Like a Toyota brand car and it was used it wasn't bought brand-new IE Honda Accord things like that. So it gives you to me when I read it years ago and it didn't have any money in anything it gave me. Hope that I could One Day become a millionaire. I could One Day become debt-free. I one day could become financially independent. If I was just smart with my money early on and invest it and did things that paid me interest and didn't pay out interest. And so those are two really good books the other one, I would say That'll give you a little bit of a different point of view is there is money Master of the game by Tony Robbins again, I don't agree with everything in the book in any time you listen to anything. Everybody has an agenda always like it's just is like they whether its buying their product or services or pushing you to believe what they believe or that are sharing their information, which does have some bias because it's coming from them but money Master the game by Tony Robbins is a super long read. Again, I don't agree with every single thing. He says in there. He's a billionaire. I am not so he can probably tell me to go fuck myself if he doesn't like what I'm saying here, but it is a good book. It's a good listen. I say that because there's a lot of stories in there and they do a lot. He does a lot of interviews, you know from guys like, you know to T Boone Pickens rest in peace, you know on down to a lot of the most successful investors and some of the most financially successful people who've ever lived and the the two things that stuck out for me from there one is They asked each person or each person. They interviewed, you know, these are billionaires rights people have billions of dollars. So and hopefully you understand what I say is if you have billion dollars you have more than nine hundred ninety nine million dollars. Like you have a billion dollars. These are multi billionaires, right and they asked each one of them. How much is enough? And how much do you need to feel safe and all of them? It's never enough that number always shifts and change with them. It always goes up. That's the crazy things anybody listening with their things if I just had a hundred thousand dollars if I just had 500k have a just had 750 of just had a million dollars in ad feel rich and safe and secure know you won't that is something internally with you that's not something money can give you and do you can feel a certain security of a certain amount of money but it's never absolute if you're that person already and if you listen to this book that's what you'll take away from it also it talks about fees of your investment accounts retirement accounts just so we're clear anybody listening if you have an IRA or a 401k except whatever it is there's fees with it it's not free like you're paying program fees you're paying a fiduciary hyeri fee you're playing a flat 1% fee or you're paying fees for the trading whatever it is it is not free so just knowing you have an advisor or a brokerage house or whoever you're working or has your money they're not holding it completely for free they're taking either flat percentage or they're taking little rips off it as you go just be clear that does dig into your overall savings and money over time so knowing the fiza where you go is kind of crucial but those are great you know so little money books and reads very common sense This thing's not going to you know, show you how to go day trade and do a bunch of crazy stuff, which I don't think you're equipped for anyway, because you're competing with people who are far better and know far more things and can lose way more money than you can lose. But if you're talking about, you know, kind of grandmas basic money advice. Those are ones are going to give you a nice, you know well-rounded picture of you know, what you can do with your money over time and how to best, you know, kind of save it spend it, you know, give it and you know invested I guess. Last couple books here on the list for let you guys go love yourself live your life Kamal rev can't love yourself live your life Kamal RAF can't listen to inaudible is voice is a little bit different but it's a good book just talking about self-love and how we speak to ourselves and the language you use and how we talk to ourselves every single day and then you guys can get a lot out of that next 115 laws of growth by John C Maxwell. Jhansi Maxwell has like a trillion bucks. A lot of them are really good the 15 laws of growth. I found to be educational. So I do think that's a good read if you want to pick that up. Next one Seth Godin Seth actually sends out a ton of emails probably more emails than me Seth has written a shit ton of books. The two books Seth has written that I would recommend off the top are linchpin. If you work for a company or organization, your goal would be to come the linchpin the person that is indispensable the person that if they got rid of them the company would I'm not saying fold like a lawn. not sure but they would struggle to replace you because you're so awesome and that can be for any organization whether it be a family school setting a team or obviously a corporation so linchpin by Seth Godin is a great read and also tribes by Seth Godin as well and in his emails if you subscribe as email list there like sometimes or a sentence some of their three sentences but you know last little nuggets to kind of kick off your day on that note if you guys have not subscribed to the Jimmy Scott Fitness email newsletter hit me up I'm happy to add you we send at least three emails per week every single week 52 weeks a year some weeks we do five six or seven emails depending on what's going on in my brain but that is available to you all as well and the last two books here let's go with it starts with Y by Simon sinek he does a lot of comparison stuff of you know in terms of business right like people don't buy what you do they buy why you do it people don't buy what you do they buy why you do it and I do believe this is well we talked a lot about branding talks about Apple a lot through Google in there I've applied a lot of the things to my business as well. And yeah people by what we do here, you know, it's Fitness. It's coaching. It's nutrition. It's being a good person but it's why we do it and I think it's the passion behind it and how we identify with it as ourselves. And so if we can identify with the person in a business or more likely to do business with them and deal with them and talk with them and see things the way that they see things because they're part of our tribe, right? They're part of our group. It's like, you know where the Misfits if you will and that's kind of like that's why they do so much of the Apple stuff because apples kind of a trendsetter in the space if you will it. So, you know, you see people waiting outside for an iPhone, you know, 80 people deep at six o'clock in the morning. Like that's insane. You never seen people wait 60 people deep outside of the you know Dell store for a Dell computer. Like you just said there's certain things that we do in in the world that kind of defy logic like they just don't make any sense and that's because they're not buying just the iPhone they're buying like why Apple does it and What it stands for inside of that the last book will share here is Wizard of ads by Roy H. Williams is a super old book for sure. But if you're a person out there in business and you're looking to sell or Market or View and their person you're trying to get a job and you're trying to sell and Market yourself and you want to understand more about that process the wizard of ads by Roy H. Williams is a super old book and read and listen, but it's a great one as well. also hope you guys enjoyed that list again I can't go through all the books that I have ever you know read and listened to over the past couple years but I thought that's a decent list at least get you guys started in on the right track and again whether you're a book person or a podcast person it really doesn't matter as long as you're consuming things that are adding value to your life and you know helping you and your family and the people around you I think you're on the right track and again some people don't learn that way I'm not a Huge like looking at print and read if it's super long if it shorter stuff I tend to do better like articles and blogs and things that are under probably like, you know, a couple thousand words, but the audible stuff has really changed the game for me, especially when I'm standing, you know in line at the grocery store or for have to go to the post office or I'm at like a doctor's appointment or I'm just literally like at the airport waiting anytime. I can kill two birds with one stone and not just be commuting and just be sitting somewhere. Like having to listen to the shit people are talking about around me because I don't watch the news. I don't consume a lot of those things but I do consume these things and I do think and just change the scope of who I am and how I live my life and how I think about stuff and you know at the time when my car radio had died, I was super pissed and irritated that I couldn't you know, listen to you know, Mobb Deep and Jay-Z anymore on the way to work, but it really, you know, End up being the best thing for me and that's why I say, you know, sometimes these things that seem like their negatives in your life, they end up being a positive and so if I didn't do that, who knows if I would have listened to you know, 600 plus books in the past six years or so and be able to speak to you guys today and talk to you and do the things I'm doing or have the ideas for certain programs and or just be able just to speak to my friends and family or my wife the way that I do because I've heard it from somebody else and you beg borrow and steal. Some of the best practices and you see if it's applicable to your life and your situation. That's what I've been able to do, especially in terms of like the finance and money because again all of us were not all born Geniuses, at least I wasn't for sure but through hard work and over time. I've acquired a certain amount of knowledge in certain areas of things and enough to be dangerous and you know, I'm good at what I'm good at and I can Outsource we need to Outsource, but if you want to be awesome at something if you want to learn something Model Behavior and consume the information from the people who have done it before you longer than you and are more successful than you and even if you suck at it but you try to do exactly what some of the most successful people did in the field odds. Are you're going to be pretty far along like that's what this is all about like us trying to improve our lives and I do think auditory books and watching human behavior are probably the two best ways for us to do that. So, hopefully you guys enjoyed it. Not the most exciting. Podcast for the sexiest but I know a lot of you guys asked for it. If you've been looking for some good reads in terms of books. Those would be my go-to and get them a try to throw them up in the German stuff in his blog here sooner than later, but forgive me if it doesn't happen in the next week or so short of that reminder if you guys are not subscribe to us on YouTube again, all the podcasts now are on the Jimmy's got finished YouTube page. I think we have over a thousand videos now on the YouTube page in terms of podcasts Mobility full workouts finishers. Nutrition videos recipes full Q&A series basically anything we're doing now 90% of it were filming and we're throwing it on YouTube. So it's a high percent free subscribe. You'll never miss a video and if you want to see something holler at me, I'm happy to film it if we can and if you're on iTunes right now stop don't be a lazy ass open up your podcast app scroll all the way down in your iPhone. Click five-star drop us a comment under ratings and reviews a true would appreciate if you have a friend who loves Books and they want to dig into some other books. Please share this podcast with them to share the list of them. So hopefully they can, you know educate themselves and maybe you know level up their life of a certain area. They want to be a little bit better at now. Obviously if you're on iTunes or your MacBook or MacBook Pro and your iPad click the iTunes icon hit range reviews 5 Star commented I truly would appreciate it. And if there's anything else you guys want to hear on the podcast, please send me requests shoot me a message. I'm happy to record if I can speak on I have a huge. Ageless already and we keep just kind of a little Library here and slowly over time. We'll get to everybody's request and hopefully get your question answered. So about to jump into this most awful leg workout here and get on with my night. So thank you guys. I appreciate all the positive feedback in the message. You guys are leaving us a truly does mean the world to me. I can't thank you enough. I know I say that all the time and obviously I can't pay my bills with with thank using your kind. But they do mean, you know more to me than just dollars in the bank. It really does. It's the oxygen that keeps this machine going and I'm happy, you know, I can take what I've learned over the years and all my fuck-ups and struggles and somehow help you, you know, just little bit better life and if that's what's happening. I'm happy to do it. So thank you guys. I appreciate you for everything. You've done keeps your in the podcast and we'll keep cranking out the episode. So until next time eat well trained hard be nice to people and please you guys keep doing it. That you love people you enjoy because your life is too short not to I'll talk to you guys soon. Peace.