Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV racing Nerf Bar and he'll Garnett's be sure to grab a set of Nets from Stitch cough writing Coupe. You run Stitch craft and I do they've got a bloody good. I am used to struggle to Griffin hill now. All the time and I'm I don't you know, I don't have done a whole series has to run them to but whatever that's fine. Now. I actually used to get a fabricator mad about that does all I fabricating. I used to get into makeup Metal Hill glad he'll guards that look like Nets so you just did amount of like strip metal sort of thing. Yeah. No guards. Yeah now I don't have to eat them Stitch craft Nets actually fire. So unreal mad absolutely mad another sponsor creative 48 for all your signage branding and event needs. Be sure to hit up creative 48 creative 48.com dot a you and then we've got our native Concepts. We've got the owner of native Concepts on the podcast and I Cooper sup what's native Concepts basically Motorsport Graphics St. Kitts lot sort of stuff as well as Products select quick Shades hoodies polos stubby holders business cards posters pretty much anything you need for promo stuff as well as yet Motocross Graphics right on right on then. We've got a Van Vliet racing as well. Be sure to check out family racing.com day his other eye website Coupe. That's correct. You made the website. I did her native made the website for one of our other sponsors. That's awesome. That's awesome. And I'm pretty sure family racing is behind I think I'm pretty sure you can buy Stitch craft Nets from Valley racing. Is that correct? Or not next week next week next week. So please let me hear the next podcast. Yeah, you can buy some Stitch car fanatics on the Nets on the side Corrado and you get the raw hard part is going to be a thing of that as well. And then last but not least and this podcast is pretty much all four of them X related anyway, but it lasts sponsor is all for fmx. Yeah, baby. Yeah, that's mine and Harry's company. We do freestyle hair is getting some thinking juice some thinking just going that's my microphone plug. Let me fix that. So for all oh, yeah. Fmx needs for an event or anything. They wanted them videos that you know, how they do all this sound but Forgetting Sarah Marshall Sanders on his job. I'm creepy YouTube videos where they make like different sound is m is M. Yeah. I DSM was ISL back in my day. Yeah. Just what? So yeah, all four fmx is the last sponsor and this isn't all for fmx podcast because we're on the road at the minute. So hence this podcast is gonna be a little bit different. We don't have a guest as such it's just going to be Well, there's three of us is myself Harrison and Cooper out of the brothers. And then we've got Jordy who's up here helping us with a show as well. So he's got a Mike and he's pretty shy though. Whether it's good whether it's not only works with Maids. Good plumber. Yeah. Yeah. We got him awake away from work. That's it. We said to the old boy said fuck Plumbing for the week. We're gonna freestyle. That's it. Quad biking. Look back and say yeah, we're on were on the road at the minute doing shows. So we did Haywood on the weekend, which was a sick show. Now. We're at Whitmer a field that is so this podcast will come out before when we are filled days is over. So if you listen to this on the Wednesday, you guys comes out show you can come to the show and come check it out. Say g'day, that's it. That's it. So, how about that Drive-In? How about that Drive-In? Yeah, I guess that's why they call it awesome. Now have you ever noticed like Horsham is a great place. I've got nothing against Horsham. Just all the No, I want to try and talk to her. So I love Horsham. So you Cooper but the roads into the joint I fucked. Yeah, I forgot Ozzy champion in there. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. I'm always interviewing guests as Marta I'm gonna is your time is it? No, not really but it's why I chose no far from X podcast so we could talk about you a little bit. Yeah. It makes you sick of talking about other people. Yeah. Yeah, or All right, before I drop the F. It's the Mitch. This is a facial. This is the sixth podcast mate. We're getting out there in the numbers. Oh, do you count 1 1 was the to Party candidate Tom before we go too far Hound language warning language warning. Yeah, fuck. Sorry shit, totally forgot piss shit. Fuck language wanted kids. Hey, if you're in the car, you can listen to it out of the car now won't you dad jokes like I don't know joke. Now there is a language serious language warning should do it at the start of the show. I think yeah, and I've already said fuck before I did it but it is what it is. It's an uncut unedited as usual always edit its and then it's the wrong Point. Yeah, I I'm not gonna lie. I edited to podcast and then I uploaded the wrong one anyway, so I'm still on common is so and it took me a lot of time for nothing and no one noticed. So we're not we're not doing it again. We're not editing. That's right. Pretty sure dad's podcast had to intros. Yeah, dude. That's what I mean. Like I tried to cut the first one out. Nah, and I uploaded the wrong one. I love listening to like the bloopers and shit. Yeah. It's way better like you should start recording like five minutes beforehand. So you hear us like that's when the most funniest stuff happens. I tried a sometimes we recording before when I was talking shit. It's good to be reminded. You can't let us know. Thank can't let Harry. Oh, yeah, don't let me know. Yeah, no. That's it. Now. I know now, you know what I was gonna say before is Drake. I'm one day we'll be listening will be like recording the 200th or show or something like like how Joe Rogan listens to his podcast now and he does them now jochem. We'll listen back to these ones and have a laugh about like how shitty the microphones are and yeah, I never said that I understand if it's still going strong we would have upgraded a fair bit of our equipment. Yeah, and these ones were fucking that's terrible. They'll be dodgey. Yeah. Yeah, we like what will we even be talking about kid dad's tinkering of his teacup in the background? Yeah, because we're sitting in if you listen the last episode had that builds passes is doing on purpose now. We're sitting in one of them because we're onto that's it. We're sitting in a bus in the Caravan Park. Yeah, the roads in the Horsham effect. Oh right in Victoria in general. I just fucking terrible. Yeah true. But I feel like you want to talk about fuck that rides the road. We did a show Saturday was it? Yeah Haywood. It's wood wine and fire Monday now. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes. And I had to think about that. Yeah, you don't work. You don't know what that is. But yeah, we went past we didn't even hit your long yet. Got off the freeway or the highway I would guess it's a highway there. You have the highway and turned right and about a kilometer in it was like continue on this over 300 K is and we'll like yeah, right and then yeah sure enough. It was just like it was nothing nothing and it was wasn't a highway. It was just a fucking shit house, right? Road. Yeah 300 Kay's just going through farms and you'd see and we kilometer sign and you be like, oh the must be a town that was just a fucked bitter. Oh, they couldn't meet stuff fixing. Yeah. No, it's easier to change the signs. Bring the speed limit down and fix the fucking road, but I think we went through two towns chi-chan like we and will drive him for over. Yeah. Those are pump at The Milk Bar. That was it. Yeah, but she wasn't cane intended on good now now job Stephen milkshakes. It was like are already clean the machine. Yeah, she scooped herself out of 15 box broke my heart. That's for sure and I don't think people coming through town very upset anyone all day. You should serve or something. All right clay machine like yeah three days ago. Yeah clean it again woman. You want to make Cooper mad? Yeah, don't give Big sexy hair on your menu, but don't give it to him. Yeah, just I all we're out of milk. What you got pumped because the show we went to strawberries and cream with it. Probably set up hands down the best dick shakes ever in the world. Yeah. So this is a this is a Shameless plug for froggy and his team. Oh, yeah because he gave me a free thick Shake. Yeah me first extract it. Yeah, that's all it takes. Ladies and gentlemen, give me just a picture. I can you get a you gonna add all the podcast but if If you're a quad bike ride out of this is and you want to think or anything like that, like if you want to watch your food and drinks Before the Race a fair enough, but after ice make sure you get every shake from froggy is they are the best damn thick shake the world. Yeah basics in the world hands down every year that I've finished think Froggies. Mom has meet me at the Finish Line standing at the fence and hand-delivered me a large top. That's a lovely really lovely people to every other. Biggest customer when we did thump up me and you drank like 14 in one day also shut fix shakes a soft serve machine straight out the back straight back when I was racing think I used to have him. I couldn't help myself. I'd have Donuts. I'd still like shake shake for racing think you're truly an hour before taking off on a two and a half three hour session race, I was Drinking at dick shaped chocolate fish I can 8 and donuts. Yeah, I could I think I did it one year. I had to fix I could mom and dad leave early obviously and we're just left to the track at the start line waiting to go and in Dad's like off the goes to froggy if the kids want anything give it to him. Write it down. I'll pay you when I get back and I went yeah, I had a thick shake before the rice. Once it was a bad idea got the first few of stuff. I just wanted to check. Yeah, it was a bad idea every year, but I just Kind of stuff. It was the best best expects. It will take like supplements and it's like the light it'll kick in halfway through the rice. That's how it works for me. I have a thick shake before the rice halfway through hundred ten percent. I'm ready to go. Definitely. Well, I come into the fuel stopped and I'm taste and doughnuts and thick Shake. Come on just a side note. It's right there. Good idea. Everyone said George, he's pretty shy ever since the podcast has started. George has been keep. It keeps touching my feet. I got the cat looks like that walking around him on the couch. Dad you need I'm extenders on this bust of the water slide Like male my paper plates slide out about coming into the Caravan Park Mama's like I was like, oh Mom. I'm pissed as stop being an idiot. I'm pissed. I got pretending like going up on curbs and shit. So on the way home from the pub just now. Yeah, just now. Yeah Johnny goes. Oh, yeah, just the card or skid. Oh my oh my. Oh no, come on the dirt road your side right? Give it. Yeah, right was still got three more days. Yeah, you gotta do these things mom was in the car. So we're gonna travel. All right, shoot sweet. Talk me out of it. Can't ya beautiful Almighty ejected a skid with mom in the car. No longer ours Caprock. It happened. Not that long ago with make ooh Todd happen in Horsham. He's like, oh no horsin where we kill more when we did the show and see him. What is that when it went into lit mode? Yeah it Go cargos and with my knees like I did this last time when I did skids with mom in the cows in the car who would do skids with their mom in the car, honestly. All right disgusting. And then Dad was like that's what you get. You park your car. That's we get thrown out. Why is it that if you'd come in he built a box broken? Oh, what are you doing? Who's fucking around and drove? I well that's what you get. That's what you get. All the gods are ripped off. What we doing on those. Try Manos. That's what you get. That's what you get. Right? Let's let's do it at questions because we put up that 15 minutes ago when we sell guns. You didn't get any Cooper did not my friends Harry. Oh Cooper's friends live in Europe. So he got all the like I got one. They'll all say Europeans. Anyone got a okay first and also got to go anticlockwise. That's clockwise. That's you. Okay, read your questions because yours are serious. I'm almost sure. What are we going to go? Like I'll ask the question everybody gets into the question. Sure. Like I had a glimpse in a before they're pretty pretty Universal. Oh, yeah, because I said, we'll talk about fmx quad fmx qfm X. So first one all the testimonials from you you said hi just so I could figure out how to questions work. Yeah exactly. Why Of y'all about the answer the question. Hey, how are you man? It's good. Second question. I had a Robinson I was date I want and I'll answer it first and then I'll handle it to someone after I wish this was live so I could be like, hey peeps ask me some questions. I feel like calling a tow right now like added is that I didn't I don't his real name agent. Yes, correct. Like Aiden Robinson go my Instagram ask me a question right now, sir. Well, anyway, before we get too sidetracked, he asked who gets the latest hear from fans and I'll answer that right now. Reckon Harry fucking Harry Yeah, a hundred and ten percent. I've had I've had one show where I actually got like a really really loud cheer because I tried to trick that never tried before but it just looked cool. So that's why I go to cheer the cliff. He flipped the Cliffhanger flip on a BMX. Yeah, just because it worked exactly how I planned it in my head first going and I was pumped but other than that hairy hands down every show. Oh Aren't you know what like we did he would show and Harry before we hiring I went there we sat down and we were like hey, are we going to take this fucking serious or what and we decided that we're going to take off for from Excel at serious lot more serious, that's it. And we plan to show and we had it was choreographed to a degree. It was it was never playing there's a bit of a free-for-all by plane the show had a plane but it was a loose plane. It was like you had a competition. Yeah. Well then super easy going around to come but I don't know what Harry was doing, but all these kids are On the fence on going hurry hurry because he's like Harry's Cliffhangers are bigger than mine fair, but then Harry doesn't suit me in and then it was meant to be in this show that Harry doesn't suit me and then I followed up with a big kiss of death for a ruler. So it looks bigger and they're still gone. Hurry. Hurry Superman. It was but yeah anchor pastrami, I think Cooper's life, which is the devil. I was sitting there and like when you were gone for your trick and I was sitting there waiting kids were yelling out to me like you can get him hurry. Kill Mitchell my oh my God. Yeah. Thanks kids hated you man, huh? Because you put on a little weight. Oh, Just fat shame your brother hit the pause button. Like got all these lot up dials and shit. It's got all these cords coming out of it and made she's just looking at it. All right, no idea what I'm doing as you can tell sometimes the levels would be it off. Yeah. Yeah. I noticed that listening to Adam and Jake's podcast in the car like I turn it up because I couldn't hear him and then I'd get like an ear piercing laughs from Jack. It's because Adam would do but Adam. Yeah, Adam. Yeah microphones kills with terrible, but I do need to get like me. Microphone stand. Yeah that Adam you piece of shit. Don't become a DJ. No, that's it. But yeah, we're at this show all the kids young and Harry and it and then towards the end of the show. We do a backflip segment where you said a trick then I have to do in a back flip and they're still yelling at Harry did a Superman Superman backflips and they were still cheering about my Superman. Yeah. He I don't know why I wasn't paying them Peoples Champ champ. I don't know. One of us, but yeah now like I don't know like that would just yell in lots and not just like react like interact with the kids a lot like once I jumped off my quad and high-five Jamal just mucking around and I think it's the bit of light harder than it should be hot the hot hot man. Good height man. Yeah, they just loved Harry it was eating away at your wasn't it? But you know what, I actually liked it because it added to the show. Did it made the A show like a little what rivalry. Yeah, I made a story made a story. Yeah, it was good like that. It's like one of the best shows we've ever done or I can yeah, probably both were like, you know what let's take this more serious. Let's let's make this show like the best show we can put on and it was yeah, like we killed it like it was way better than than anything we've done before I can like. Yeah, and it was so small. It was me you and Cooper with yeah and everything up like we drove. Set everything up stayed the night at the pub did the show Cooper's commentating me and you riding together just mucking around together. I just just bit of Brotherly rivalry and then and then yeah, that's very packed it all up. And then when I like it was it was like less is more. Yeah hundred percent. You guys went home. I didn't know you went straight. All right, Haywood portion was like hour-and-a-half drive, not me. I love driving. What are you doing? Four hours home half an hour to hear. I was like on my drive home made it my T-Zone seven-hour trip get some scones and then drive here. Okay. What's your next question? I got a hairy got on the Instagrams and sent me a few questions. First one is how do you see your soap? I think you two had a massive fall apart because you got here fast like coveted covered in dirt and covered in Frost you weirdo it is it so what I do when I'm finished I leave it like sitting up against the thing so that way it doesn't okay. Okay. This is why I brought this up because Cooper's really weird and sits the soap like vertically vertically. Cabarrus art like like a bar sighs. I mean Cooper share a bathroom so we both we both still live at home. So yeah, we should just yeah, I'm not ashamed of it. I still live at home. Mom does my laundry she cooks me dinner to the like so we share a bathroom and all like we have like a soap dish tray area that's like, you know got holes in it lets the water out whatever not very efficiently. I just you know, once I'm done with the soap, I give it a quick little rinse rinse and put it there. Holly Cooper chlorophyll room is like what the fuck - Mighty these are the one time fucking kidding. Are you kidding usually don't you know how to put aside pop like what a tip he I'm brushing my teeth. He tipped over the glass of toothbrushes. Is it toothbrushes or toothbrush? How are you? That's righteous every single one of these stories, but this is the one time that he's this is is all admit. This is a good man. He went mental Frankie woman. He was like just chipping things over like it was like a cat, you know the cats that like slowly throw something off the bench. Well the first one felt good I couldn't stop his fucking hey, there is everything that I could knock over. I was knocking the shit. I'm an idiot for not knowing how to store soap like make you put it in the soap trays out. You got to put it on its head. Age sometimes we go all slimy. Otherwise the same gets really soft. And we it just go it disappears really quick you go through so much too quickly it you inside. Let's see you next question. You'll be like, well, we just we're eating out every single a rhythm right Quest second one is question. I'm sure they're really good. Why do you suck on Sand track so much. That's so secret you again? I thought someone else has the same question. Not just one because it's so well known. Rose that's not really Harry's questions. I keep my life as a good one right here the great questions. This one goes that long. I can't even see the whole thing. Click on it. That's what she said. So here we go who would win in a fight who would win in a fight who would win in a fright who would win in a fight you or 19 when a dog's but you only have hot dogs for hands or oh that's tough. Fucking black the party Wayne. Is that a real small or like normal Wayne is I'm winning I reckon I'd win. Yeah, we still got faith dogs have guns man up with it. It's not the size of the dog in the fight. It's a fight of the dog or something. Whatever that saying. Is he fought with your hot boys. All right and self confidence self confident confidence. That's one of the things you actually Not to get date, but I'm about to get real day Mitchell as an older brother. Didn't teach me how to use power tools or not and like just because I don't have heat you coming in. Like like Mitchell was always injured when we were kids because he was gone through that Rising stage where you're always injured doesn't Make It or Break It I just broke a lot Mitch 5% everything right? So I'd get home from school like primary school and Mitch's in crutches with a shovel in The Paddock like setting up a lip and I will and I'm like, what are you He's like, oh you're going to backflip today on my table. And I'm sorry where this come from and then sure enough like that. That was it. That was Mitch growing out and then one of the best things you actually ever told me in my life and still to this day one of the best lessons I've ever learned in life. I take it with me everywhere and I try and teach as many people it is possible do that's secret. Whoo-ha. See the music that's confidence, man. Yes, I can. Not yeah all confidence just believe you can do some 9 times out of 10. You can do it. I can't do that. But while Harry's getting going with all clay cannot amount of eye contact with me trying to tell me something not confidence man. Yeah biggest thing Mitch ever taught me in life. And yeah just Speaking. Geordie still hasn't said a single thing Jody. Get me like thought that is confidence. Do you listen to the podcast Joy with racing everything you guys know, did you know I can't even put it put out emails get a kiss with your lips kiss it kiss it like a kid. Yeah, let's go. We'll go around the around the circle this one. When did you start fmx from 2015 yarn hug and Dawn made from Holland Isis 1 John Hogan Dawn. Oh, yeah. We started we started first off. I think it was 2015. So pretty much what happened Martha was when you you and Harry started it. Yeah. So, um, yeah, I'll answer this question because it was a Snowball Effect we get in the other brothers in do it. But so Michaels are who I'm going to have on the podcast one day is a monster truck driver. He bought himself a quad decided to race came to a race meeting. Met us and then I think we'll racing he lives out give same way and we're racing one of the gifts and races and he's like dude. I'm a freestyle ramp of my house that I built that's wide enough for a court come over and hit and it's something I always wanted to always wanted to hit a ramp. So like fuck. Yeah. I'll come here at it and do we both go? Yeah, you'll tell me and you're like, oh you gonna be this Michael guy this race and I'm like Michael he like shit EZ Pass like any like not easy. He's got these ramps and he wears his bag. It doesn't or Not Race buggies, but he drives buggies and he's got a ramp on not for a Quantum like shit. Who's this guy many meals? Nice as pie? Yeah, he's a legend. Yeah, it's his birthday today. Happy birthday my birthday Michael. Is it really? Yeah today on real is this to of I don't see him enough I go Bush why Michael a bit back in the day man? Yeah. He's so fun to hang out with and go riding with fucking a fucking it. But yeah, so he ride ramps invite us over started hitting ramps. His dad has been driving monster trucks for years and years. Years and years and says hey we can do you guys want to do some shows like yeah sure and the first show we did was the echo which is like the Royal Brisbane shows. We did say our first sale. It was just an account short sale. Yeah, then Echo and then he paid us and we'll like what the heck? Why are you paying us? And he's like, yeah. I know you get paid for show someone like bullshit. Are you fucking kidding but we're riding things like yeah, you get paid ride and I'm like Mind blown saw me out get out of town. I didn't think this existed. No, that's it. And then so we did a few shows then we weren't double cans and the hill clickers and all that shit. Yeah. Well sail was our first show and that was like a country country show small like big crowd, but you know, we'll just beside ourselves. Yeah, and our second show was like eight or nine day ten days. It is 10 days and days. Is in Brisbane in the city of city like massive show. What was the crowd? Like, I think they got over 300,000 people for the 10 days for the 10 days here. It was like over 300,000. It was like 30,000 people and one Cho yeah around like watching and I'm like Mitch. I'm gonna try a trick and you like what I'm I'm well I only know two tricks. I'm going to try another one and that night. What I learnt Cliffhangers was likely just tuck beating it and staying up how hard could it be? Look at it. Try that in front of 30,000 people online. He'll give it to God and sure how bad you'd have a good show. Exactly. Right? Well we yeah, we like that was the craziest thing ever doing. Yeah. I feel like that's what really kicks out at first because we make good money. Yeah, and we're like right great money and we'll just like this is living. Well actually I'm a triple what I'd make it hard working an old job. Yeah, but the lost all of doing a show like that. Is it that lost all of freestyle exactly what Cooper just fat shamed me? Yeah, exactly. Right and like we all like you're gonna pay us this much for 10 days of riding our bikes. We worked about an hour one hour a day and we did two jumps at night. That's all two jumps tonight because it's all choreographed and everything had to go in to do is order and we We had to just rock up like half an hour before the show get warmed up and everything go out wave to 30,000 people drive quads with fireworks on them. And then hop on our freestyle clothes do two tricks each. Yeah, and that was it. Yeah that was once a day for 10 days and we got paid Megabucks. So every night when he went out boy. Oh boy. We should have made more money. Lucky again. I'm rich. I'm rich. I'm like the people that win the lot of them go broke. That was me. That was me those 10 days so that Kickstarter and that's that's probably what led to blowing air bag too because we found out how much more flip right as we're getting paid and we're like fucking backflips can't be that hard. We could backflip baymax's with backflip the mini bikes even backflip to see our F150 for some reason you just like pull back on a ramp and you're like, oh I'm gonna go do this no foam pit. Nothing straight. The dirt. Yeah, so we're like, let's go back when I was crazy. I'm smart and out. Now you do some dumb shit. Give me 150. I'll back flip that thing is like 55 foot off a phrase to Ozzy come phrase. You can't ramp. Yeah. So no puppet 55 on a 14 year old boy. Yeah bottomed out as soon as you got to the bottom of that upright. I was third gear going up the upper and bogging down and I was just like why could rip this thing around for a flip white boy? Oh boy. Did I crash? Aah while we're on the topic of gun safety. Landed at once I was like, that's me done. I'm done over on the side note of 150s to remember what which did so I'm gonna add in before we start I was injured. Yeah. I'm just before this job titles my right hand. So before you start pinky Yeah, I broke it. I broke my right finger. I'm not gonna call the pinky finger. Inky fingers really bad so bad that I needed for operations on it for operations on his pinky and it's and it's still not fixed. It's fine. Yeah your pinky if anyone's seen it in person. They know what it's like so I think I had no I had no grip strength in my right hand before we start this tour that's real if you shake Mitch's hand and like pull away from my hand shaking it yet caught on his pinky if he is still trying to shake again. You like hooks it on. Yeah. Hey, I just threw in that disclaimer. Yeah, so Jordy you've actually never heard. This story and I'm going to tell you gotta hold that my friend up to me you listen to stories like right? So that was the day of the 150s like Mitch came later that day. So I done the flips on crashed landed Jake Williams landed one. He crashed one and landed one and then bench came over and I think Duran was like hitting the ramp and stuff and Jake was hitting it on his yacht what and and you got down and you're like, oh don't nice guys. I'll give us a shot because we have to write a show. Oh, yeah in three weeks that Jake Williams organized and he got us all 150 is for instead of full size bikes because the area was small and he's like now we can't we have to ride a small Gap. So I just followed by blacks. I reckon it's just conjecture that is takes full size bike full-size bought J. Now. Well, what happened what Mitch said? Oh, well giddy. Hit it. And this is where you guys Jake Williams is he screwed me over is the king of God Emma's dead. Yeah. It was like yeah, but Mitch didn't know that these bikes did not have any Grant. So you had to come in hot and like hold it at like the top of your revs third gear Mitch came in and hit it like a freestyle bark like rah. Rah. Rah, but didn't go brah it went on the upright and Mitch just just rode this 55 Gap to just absolute like it was like the perfect Arc and a on your way down. It's the shit you would see in the movie. Hold on. Oh on the way down. You just the front wheel just kept going down and down and down and you will just like is he going to jump off easy? Is he gone from look like what's he doing? And you just you just wrote the thing to you're trying to hit limiter, but the thing was like well and you are just you just rode the thing directly to the face of that up ramp. Paradise mode like you would just use it. There's yeah the down the backside of the down right back side of the part. You want to clear you. You look like you are still on the upright like you were just holding them bars looking straight ahead like a squatted stance, but you were just going face-first into the face of a downright like it was ridiculous. He buried his head in a long time. That's Jody's third. Out of the show. I broke my finger to unite on a 150 dead dangerous man. All right over the bars 9150 M. They do some flips is it I'm pretty sure there's a video of hang on the crashes in there. Oh my crashing and not of others one of my crash on. Kevin Williams is Instagram, I think and then one of Jay down. Yeah k-dubb and one of Jake's crashes as well didn't put up the ones we landed. Probably not you did like you but you ended the first one. I think then crashed. Yeah do that a did that on the quad to yeah, but don't let me finish the story so we run out there. Well I Mitch what are you doing Mitch set up? He's already kind of broken off his fingers already far. So I'm like, he's literally just like probably just came from surgery like he's violent. Literally gets up and goes to look at us and he had no goggles on her anything. He just had a helmet on there. Is that much there's a it looks like someone got a shovel load of dirt and just threw it in his face Mike and then smacked him in the face with the show. He looked like he had goggles made of dirt and he was just like I'm like are you all right, and he's like, I'm like you're kidding right? It was like he just rode it. Thing just the biggest face plan I've ever seen in my life. No joke, the front wheel was in the dirt, but that's right. The bike stayed like playing dad and it was on darted into the friggin dirt man. The bike didn't fall to a side or anything. It was just like a cap Full cartoons back. Oh my God, it was it cut it was cool footage. I don't know who posted might even mean you of the He's you jump in the step up and take what you just come in or Instagram. Isn't it? Porchetta - yeah, who cares if you scroll you'll see some weird shit scrolling through my Instagram that far back but yeah, it's on there. And yeah, I like there was this big step up and yeah, I Did It Wide Open on a big bike on a big bike? Yeah, and I just said if I skip this jump and yet he had a wide open from the corner the big box. So you like I just won't do the corner to the corner of the Paddock that the track was in and just how this thing wide all the way up to step up and yeah just launched like seat bouncer shit out of it to get the height you did it that hard and it's that steep of us that step up you literally like just stopped at the top of the jump. Yeah top of the jump in first gear and he just like plopped up there and there's turnaround was like a jumps up on that thing when he just plops. Yeah. It's like you just jumped so far and high but you just Comes we'll stop at the top because yeah, it's like you like you but if you actually drink like it like taking that trying to do it fast, you would literally hit the up ramp in V real quick because you got to hear it this 150 you hit the jump in fifth and you would land in second to real the rut and then you literally just float back down to the bottom of that Hill. Yeah. It's absolutely singing. I'll find it. Yeah, we're gonna help minute of awkward silence that are well. How are you doing that? We'll go late into more of the phrase. Style stuff so we bought the the airbag that you're done if you had it. Yeah, that's literally V wad on its 12 year olds block is just like but I've had enough this isn't a 12 year old kid kid wait as so then into the first all thing to we bought the air bag because we learnt how much Fleet Riders we're getting paid and surely if we did that on quads it be even more. So that's why we were there back to learn flips and Harry did pretty much the first day. We got it. He did backflips, but I think someone put on Snapchat and promoter saw it. Yeah, that's what kicked off the all four of them extinct because they're like, oh we want that a shot something different and we thought it'd be a good opportunity start paying off the bag a bit because the thing was fucking expensive thing was expensive because you were dumb man. We'll just like we want it. We want it now. Yeah, so Just went out to the we went to the bank and just got personal loans. Yeah, we'll just like I want it just went went to the bank got personal loans bought it like fuck. Yeah. This is sick did a backflip let it I'm done talking to went shit. That was sick. Yeah so worth it. I mean debt now so worth it. That was sick, but still worth it. Yeah, it's done with that thing. But the thing is there's not that many foam pit. It's around in Australia and the people who have them that we knew have concrete runner-ups that aren't wide enough for court. The thing I don't like about foam pits is though they catch on fire and burn you to death. I don't think how it was going to talk about that that was pretty deep is catching on fire and burning a lot. That's terrifying. I hope that never happens to anyone but know what I was gonna say was cheat me that's freaking horrific. What the hell you like about him? They got snakes in them too. Oh, yeah, not even I don't like it's not as horrific, but you do your trick your land, but then you have to like clear the foam away from the bike like quite crank. Crane the bike out. Get back then reset all yourself and your stuffed up. I know if you've ever gotten out of a foam pit, but you're stuffed up again, and there's one thing I never and then that was five minutes ago. You did that trick. You can't just land right out and go. Okay. I'm ready and go again. Go again. Yeah, you can't like like that's why I like about the the airbag. You can just go hit it hit it hit it and get them perfect. Yeah, and then go to dirt like foam pieces just like so Firing between that's like it's like all you kind of forgot what you did off the ramp and fucked it up the first or yeah, there's one thing I'd add to Harry's think the one thing that I never liked about foam pits was if you're trying to trick that's a bit disorientating like a casserole or flip through it. This is like BMX was not on a quad if you land upside down and you kind of go under the foam if it's a really soft foam pit. You don't know what ways up either that kind of always that's like you go ahead first. I'm guessing where you feed us. I was really drunk once in Sydney and those are pool right in this nightclub. And I was like that's sick went swimming in the pool, but I was blind drunk and I didn't know what way was up. So here's Harry running out of breath underwater. I'm like swim swim swim better get some air go to swim up. I head-butted the bottom of the pool but shit. Yeah wise up. I don't know why I brought that up, but don't know what I'm feeling. At least white 15 minutes before alcohol to digest you don't get cramps. Do you have any more questions on their coat? I did I'll have to get my Instagram's up again. But yeah with the with the airbag and then we've got some shit to for doing shows to an airbag because it's not we got bullied. It's not real fmx and all this shit. I feel like saying it's freestyle Motocross the keyword at the start there is free. So if free to do whatever the fuck you want and when they started it it was dirt to dirt and then they added the metal ramps. But yeah people given a shit like hey, What we have to do to pay off this air this investment we bought to learn flips. And now we've paid off the bag and we're going to use these shows to buy a down ramp. Yeah, and we're going to save up and buy a damp. So we'll be able to buy down around without getting a loan. It's male do it the smart way. And so so what we're doing shows with the airbag something different to what they're doing. Anyway, well, I put it this way like Freestyle Motocross has been around a long time. Yeah kids have seen it growing up. Like we've watched a grown-up. I know the airbag is Is cool to us but to a kid that sees you land into a giant pillow and then this pillow goes up in the air and creates this big, you know site of like this giant air bag and then you pop out at the back and right out, you know, all the different in the shows. Like I've crashed in Sheila's a shows where I've it ejected from the bike or like Cooper's try and triple backflips on a BMX and he'll try it three times in a show. Yeah, you know, and you're not seeing triple backflips on Abby. BMX unless you got a Nitro Circus and you got to pay tickets in like this. But hey you with your dad at a fishing Expo and there's this saw a kid and you sort of could do a triple backflip and you got a new fishing rod. And yeah, well, I only got one for ya got towed in with a tie down behind a quad like just sketch City, but like that's that's what kids like see that but it also it also makes a pretty cool story because you are trying stuff that aiive. Never tried that trick before hand and it kind of go it builds up the height because a I'm nervous as shit. Yeah, and if the depends on who's commentating they can build that up and get the kids and tells me like now you're too scared to write because you kept crashing all the guys. I'm being the mature Cooper and tank thinking. Hey, I want to focus more on racing mature Cooper don't talk then committees meeting microphone. A little bit, please. Please. Keep me back. What a lot of freestylers. Forget is what they find cool kids kids aren't like kids have a different thing. You need to think what the kid is saying and what the kids are going to find cool. Yeah, and as were the ones that are like they want to be core fmx, like like I That and bake or all you want in your backyard, but it doesn't relate to kids anymore. It's Coalition unless you're doing shows in Melton. It's called short for how cool. Yeah, like the like RJ's like they want to be liked by malicious. I want to be like, yeah, they want to be like old-school Brian Deegan and she like that. I'm not as still there. Yeah. But then they'd go right in China for fucking 12 months. Yeah, no salt. No, so I'm just gonna go live in China. I'll put crime spikes on my shoulder shoulder guards Prime taking Spanish. Yeah, I do did fucking yell us out pretty hard on social media, huh? Yeah. I remember this. No, I don't know where you were. So yeah guy was like an airbag has an FM X show like that's fucking gay Real Men Real Men. Rod ramp to ramp where was he all fighting somewhere in amazing. It was an american guy. Really? Yeah, we didn't even play into it. Like we wanted it down, right? Yeah well event and every show we got we were like we can do a down it because like we learnt freestyle to a dowry. Yeah, like I learnt like especially growing up and shit. Like I learned all my back flips to dirt. I didn't have foam pit. No same thing. I learned Baymax flips the dirt. I don't want 10 flips today. Just suck it up and go straight. Yeah, if you crash the only thing the only thing I've ever flipped that I didn't learn to do. It was a quad that's understand. I won't know quad flip into the air bag and then I took it to dirt. I still haven't gone to that. I hurt myself enough on a freaking air bag. Yeah, but yeah, this dude was like giving us so much shit on social media and then like this out of the is promoters were asking for the Arab. Yeah, like we can do it down Rancho and they're like no no. No, we want something different different. Yeah. Yeah cares less dangerous for us, I guess. Yeah, exactly. So yeah this do was giving me howl on Instagram. It's like calling me out saying real men jumped too. Oh Danny's and all this shit. And then this this the shit thing was hated a trick like a week before I had I don't think he realized I followed him when he Instagram and I thought it was a cool trick or something. I hadn't seen before at right trick and I was like, oh this is pretty cool actually showed waldi, like my my quality like this is pretty cool and then a week later this dude's is going like hanging shit on me because we do airbag shows and all this stuff and then I and then I looked him up again, and he's literally in China. Riding two shows a day or something for I and like that was that was his life and like hey if he enjoys it fine, you know, I've been trying to the sad thing was is I knew people that were riding with him in China and I was like, I just wish they had a like being like, I know Mitch's all right, like people stuck up for ya. Hey, they might have said it to him in person, but they could have like there's a lot of keyboard Warriors in the yeah this industry though. Yeah, but life's like fucking newer, but then you made a mean person. And you like your fucking dumbass? I'd be fucking crash away too much man. You need an airbag. You're fucking dumb my least. I got a lot outside of freestyle man. Like yeah actually fucking hold a conversation like that. Some people they're just fucking retards. Fuck that guy on Instagram. Yeah. That's what was it come out that motherfucker. Fuck you. Yeah on Instagram, you know who you are talk to I'll talk shit to you on Instagram. I quit. Unedited uncut what a cokehead. But yeah, so but I hate people like that just thrown at negative shit. Yeah, but then who cares what other people the next day Crusty Demon started and the guy who so the guy that was running across the Thames at the start before it went off shit was the same guy who's running the show in China that this girl was riding for and crusties were doing shows to airbag Landers. So he's just going real men jump metal to metal and the Crusty Demons the oh geez that he's so in love with a freestyle. We're doing shows to a fucking airbag Lander and I'm just like, I don't know. This is this is when this is when I started to just not give a fuck about people's opinions anymore. I was like, you know, I don't care about get it out. We're here for you man. Yeah, I don't care about pleasing people anymore. It was and was that back when I first started listening. It's not give a fuck what people think yeah looking into my eyes really old tape again. Broaden your eyes coming. I like that's the biggest Freedom might yeah, and I thought it was the same room at the same time. I think I discovered Gary Vee and if you don't who gobies and you listen to podcast listener go is via podcast. See this dude is that it's the it's about business and stuff like that other one, but he's thing is like literally it's and he can't do his voice. No, he does not talk. He's got a real distinctive voice. Yeah, because if you aren't from the stage from Russia or something but lives in America. Yeah, but Yeah, he he. Says don't give a fuck what people think and guys hard on it and the as soon as you realize that you don't give a fuck what people think you are so much happier. Oh, yeah, especially in the day where social people are saying that she on social media. Yes. Social media is like the devil the devil, but fuck it. Fuck the devil. Fuck the devil but nice social media has so much like like people make Millions of friggin the dumbest shit on social media. Yeah, it's not so like yeah, it's swipe up. If you heard freaking idiot and just make videos constantly, you're going to be a millionaire and like but then people just try and tear people down is so so weird. I can't even comprehend but it's just sad like like how like in my eyes now, I look back at it and I'm like man, he's life must fucking suck. Yeah, if someone's if he has to to call other if he has to call people out because it's not OG or whatever like motherfucker. I'm on a quad. There's nothing fucking OG about what I'm doing. Anyway, I won didn't we do this more fair off the quad do this all day. But yeah, just like like he's life must fucking suck if he's going to just if he if he asked if he gets off on putting people down like he's lost fucking suck like some people you me that I'm like because like it does Getting your head sometimes like when I was first doing freestyle acquired like even at the are Co show I was like Mitch. We're quad Riders like what are we doing? Like like where the where the fucking always called like the queer people of motocross and stuff and we're here people have always had a knack for cuadrado and then like but like you'd get some people like Sheamus was at that first Echo Show we did. Yeah. I'm gonna get him on the podcast eventually one day to share. Like I did like I did like a Shaolin or something. Like I forgot what I did like he'll clearance and he's like bro. That is sick even jumping that thing. That is sick and he's like one of the OJs dude I've ever met in my life. Yeah, like freaking is a Mad Dog and he's like being around like forever unlike saying or even around the Australian fmx scene, but fucking began yeah and he was just like now he's one of the biggest people that hate on give a fuck what anyone thinks no he's just like if if something's cool it's fucking cool yeah you got balls to jump a quad fuck yeah man who I instantly got along with Sheamus because I was like you're a cool guy yeah yelling fuck you like you know you're not gonna be like I know you the scooter riders or it's cool not to like Words yeah I know yeah I don't like quote why don't you like what because I had an I cried pro-rata so that I'd look words rots yeah so if it tracks but probably you ain't ruined another reason I try getting fast onto L just so I could flog them on a two wheel and just go back to my quad I'm done here it's not as this starts good rain as fun as the quad yeah that's it yeah now I look at causes like Court freestyle now and anyone on me through don't free stuff there too Radha a lot of them now it just like dude that shit you do on your quad is fucking insane which is which is a compliment I'm just like a flip right up a mountain upright Rider you know yeah so why are you paying out he's jumping the same distance is throwing himself off his bike and like some our brightest throw themselves off bikes way harder than flip riders do and like you can't pay him out there still no well before bros plaintiff that Brides did some insane extension roads was a freak writer oh yeah seen lately is he what's he doing I'm in the same boat forever I don't know okay I haven't seen you I haven't seen him for a while either but yeah he's right used to throw like lob some crazy yeah with huge extension and like for someone that was doing like you know like okay upright tricks and doing like a backflip like I still Comprises a better writer like if you're throwing that nasty tricks like yeah, fuck it. I'm all about extension. Yeah. I know that's you any other questions coup. Are we done? We've done with your questions. Jeez that got off side. You know how that went. That went pretty far. And was that still the hotdog Hands-On know that was when did you start with fmx shit man? We went off track. All right. All right, you can have a you can have Have a gander at a minute, right? Let's have a look here. She's the one when did we see you guys at zloty Cross guessing. That's a rice in Holland or some shit now, honestly, dude, that is the coolest place I've ever been to in my life. That is it started off as a those water means black so it's black cross. So it's like a blacklisted event but still like they make it a blacklisted event. Yeah. So it's like Dutch people are so heaps and heaps of Duty me they still do this thing before Christmas. We all rock around black paint on their face what? Europe's a crazy eyes white to fucking move it. That's it. Heck. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. It's a tradition or something but I think it represents like Santa going down the chimney and he comes out with Cola room or some shit. I'm sure it does. Well anyways water crosses. So there's like yeah, we saw her. We're sorry. Snapchat is tracks' forget all this shit on the tricycle e like it I'd love to do I love to do shows in your knowledge. Hopefully one day we get over there and do shows in your what else we go to? how many shows we doing this year hopefully we averaged at least one a month because then it kind of makes it worthwhile right eye here we go we got one from I'm guessing that's bam should vaguely yeah yeah 11 yeah sure it wasn't because you should bam late how do you say how do you say his real name I struggle to say it but it's basically short let's show our true or should put a giant it's like I don't know how to do it he's coming to Australia soon it's gonna be good she knew what he gets you in like less than a month Radha she's the wide. Hey you wanted tonight. I'm sure do I how do you add his accent guys didn't wide, huh? What is accent got shut up for a second. You got those days without Jack's and what do you guys enjoy most about first all who's gonna go? Who's gonna go first on that one? I'd say got to get all sappy and shit the high-fiving kids and how pumped up kids get when you throw like a silly trick or like just innocent. Let's just get pumped up like just to high-five a little kid and to ask him like what bike they have and and stuff like that and have kids say I want to do that when I'm older, you know. Yeah. It's like I feel like that instantly baby carrots off, but I'll be my answer yeah if we're doing shows if we're doing shows how my answer would be something similar like seeing the kids faces and stuff when you do back flips and stuff like that is is fucking cool obviously unless you're on Nitro Circus or something you kind of reserved it shows like yeah yeah we are doing big trick still and all that stuff but I'm not like yeah I'll try and push my extension to the max but at the same time like nine times out of ten I'm pretty sure I'm going to land this trick where if we're doing something new if we're not doing a show And we don't freestyle away from a crowd. I like coming over fear like overcoming fear. So all of that's good. So when I first learned flips likes to eat doesn't I'll shit myself looking at ramp and there's a dirt down ramp and his I'm looking at a down ramp instead of the airbag looking at hang on that's like conquering fear. Yeah. I'm like that is if I said, yes that is raw dogging like yeah, so being fucking absolutely terrified of something and then Then you do it anyway, and and it works out fucking cool feel. that's a good feeling right I got a question from Raleigh it's like a feeling like you know when you go down a hill on a skateboard and he's no you gotta match Spain you don't know whether to hop off or stay on and you stay on and you down that Hill I've had so many opportunities like that but it's never gone my way I've stayed on the skateboard but the skateboards you lose I've spent boy skateboard has left me right damn time I got a question from Raleigh I play bass would rightly so does Harry sometimes when he fills in for other team he's been hassling me Shout out and a question on the podcast. Is this Riley? Yeah, so you'll get off your phone man message my basketball for me itch. I've never met this kid before my life. One of the funniest persons I've ever met in my life and I met like I was just playing basketball with him is paying out the other team Betty SpongeBob shoes doing that doing that. So funny and he covered the whole game right here fine to me game. You'll got the ball and he's like, oh Harry comes in is y'all where's he going? yeah stuck on a deserted island you can only take one thing what do you take I kind of I don't know if I want to go before I have to have eggs if I got off the how it's gonna be hard to follow but it gives me more time to think you guys go quick your answers question quick what would you take someone really smart it that I can figure it out for me man yes he's going right I join me won't you take a chainsaw chainsaw what would you do the chancel what the fuck but what are you gonna do once you cut the trees down yeah then what I guess if you had a chainsaw you could light a fire probably yeah you'd figure it out all right there is not bad to you run out of fuel I'll take a joke thank you Jerry yeah take a fucking about get off the fucking Island think head are you kidding I didn't to be honest if there was like a radio signal out there like if I could get gold FM out there I'll take one of them little wind-up radios just kick back on the island well June when Riley asked me to ask that question he goes you wait for a mole to answer and then when they're done you say I take a fucking boat see I get along with because we got the same mind I take him fucking out what Garrosh picture him sign it too well said I'm sorry wicked wicked sweet as so what else we got that's the best part of that vodka and there's an awkward silence music guys sweet as Rod oh wait classic all right what else we got Harry you gotta add anything to this my Instagram won't load the question so I'm asking you probably haven't been asked any huh do you know how to work it not at all Cooper's having a Tim Tam break in here no thanks no no no although vein today already on a massive feat at the pub yeah stick it out putting or dangerous stuff now I am Mom shocking absolutely shocking with like technology so you don't have a question thing works not really don't like not there's no questions not but like with with technology and everything I really struggle with like if my phone updates itself I'm like lost for a good couple days however oh man Biggest headache at the moment is all my photos got uploaded to the cloud so I can only see a blurry version. On my phone, like I won't download the full version of the thing that sucks. So it's just a blurry shit version of the photo. I took our phones being and that's like if I go down if I gotta upload it it says Ah download it from the cloud. Oh my how it won't it won't show me. But where is this Cloud Apple man? I got a question, right? got a question someone texted it to you it's not even on Instagram I said he said I ask you a question and I said it won't load but yeah it's a key I told him that ask me a question because I got any questions man sad lonely all right this is the question what did you find oh I should read this first I had to say Ryan Kate you encouraged at yourself yeah just right yeah just raise it out what did you find to be the hardest part about breaking your back oh that's nice was it the pain the time off work the boredom fuck it definitely was a sharp F work this is my question time let's go or was it the combination of everything that's actually a really good question thank is a good friend oh he is I said ask me a question is I got you bro got you and then he put himself in the Maze it's actually really good question so I'll answer it well that's a good one you going to answer it yeah I don't have that on full three months yeah right it was a very 12 weeks that Pat no it's either three months or eight months that's how brain dead I was from all the pain pills and everything and that there was another hard part of it like all the painkillers absolutely what happened my brain you've gone from yelling all podcast and I've had to adjust the fucking thing so much for you yelling and now you're talking quite as sorry mate I'll work on that yeah because I'm getting date now soft date now a volume of it hard yeah yeah whatever and I talked and I just might someone swim off the Monash not but like that that's one of the hottest spots not remembering a lot of it like our characters evolve back toes and shit yeah I can't remember if I had the back price on for three months or eight months and that's a big gap yeah I'll just I like this a lot of photos of you were a bit of a fucking zombie yeah there's a lot of photos of me out like birthdays wearing a back brace and so do you remember talking to Jake probably a month or two after it happened and we both like do you think he's gonna go back to normal or we just go fucking zombie Harry from now on like he's he's fucking brain-dead Iron Man Jake and I talked about it a few times where like he's fucking brain-dead now he's fucking useless yeah fuck you you wouldn't hold conversations you could fucking Billy look anyone in the eye like you fucking waiter yeah full spastic and never go full retard and like yeah and that one of the shooters Parts was is why was socially dumb but at the same time like the whole time I was off work I was doing all my Plumbing licenses so I wasn't dumb I was just socially retarded and just and just I don't know it like like I did all my licenses like I did Mike gas Mains license like because I just finished my printed apprenticeship yeah I was just like I had all this time off work I was like oh sorry I was stopped up I had all this time off work so I was legit just had nothing to do so I did all my licenses yeah and I passed with flying colors like I wasn't damn it was just I was just brained it yeah I just didn't look up people I was bit depressed and I was just always in pain and I was just like I was just bored and yeah I was just didn't hold conversations and I was just yeah I was just like bit socially retarded fair enough I guess like I was thinking a lot about like what my future was going to be I had a lot of life to decisions to make like was I going to ride again was I going to let this injury affect me you know can I keep plumbing you know all sort of stuff like that Crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy, right? Well, I think we covered a fair bit of shit. Hello amigo for over now. Yeah. Yeah, I really I would just write around the hour mark somewhere. I start my time away too late. So pretty far in whooping. I'm sorry time when I was like seven minutes of like it's gonna be a long podcast know like 40 minutes then ya know. I probably started at like, I don't know fight light on perceptions all out of whack but I'll tell you what something I run next one. I'm gonna get a headset with a microphone here. Who am I Crown? You can buy your own if you want gonna you got to make sure this inviting yourself until the podcast yeah my headset on well will have we will have more podcasts like this when all four from X I'm going to have that drink talking shit yeah too bad think about this this is something weird I thought of the other day Okay that kids are going to listen to this one day what the heck jordi's input yeah quite a dog podcast we're going now Tony's had his moment we live in a time now where we record and upload everything but pretty much just incriminating the freak out of ourselves or our kids to look at this is now the point where you stop swearing so you kids don't swear fuck no I want to teach my kid you can swear in the shed not inside that's what that taught us yeah did he yeah maybe not you yeah he kind of gave up on you and it really shows good shit right let's wrap it up Harry tell the people how they can find you and see all your incriminating things that you upload to the internet mostly Instagram yeah you want the behind-the-scenes add me on Snapchat only a Selected Few get accepted to that just at Harry from now yes I - Mary just add me on Instagram yeah Harry from Mary you'll say I'll just post whatever I think school on there yeah pretty much sweet as Jordi Jordi Peterson 30 pieces still here guys on the show yet so he doesn't he's not you know what's involved in we should do another podcast after the show after four days of shows yes it shows three days long I don't know what to show you all right it's different we should do a show after three days of show and Jordi would be just shitting chat now he's off yeah he's shitting right okay how they find you kill Evangel 843 and Instagram and Maysville followed native Concepts underscore like Matty Concepts on the school wait on the Instagram. Sorry Kurt was that was his grammar Alpha mute button, if still be a back repeat was I was it social media People Finder they found me on Keep moving let's go now Wicked right way and you follow me. I know you're done. You're done. You're done you're done and I am at Mitch underscore qf M XO give that a follows well and make sure you follow it was your meat at all for from X. I don't have any pain yet. You don't mind control panel deck. This is my control panel. Yeah, and give all for a tour for of Mexico follow but yeah now the quick thanks to the sponsors stagecraft Rising creative 48 native Concepts. Van Vleet racing and all for from X and if you want to jump on that sponsored sponsorship train, give me an e-mail Mitch at all for forex.com. I you any final words has it's a little pressure. What's he got sent down and there are big. Let's see. God gives up a whole bit of Loft and the microphone, right? I'm about to push stop got it just fucking guy at me don't eat yellow snow carrots