The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back seat of the car.Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the rap game and the gang violence that brought him down last time. We got into some of the high profile crimes that Takashi and members of the ninth Ray Gangsta Bloods committed against his rap rivals in this episode. We look at the split inside of nine tray itself. To ninth Ray members shoddy and harv would fight for control over takashi's career and his money. So when he would try to cut each other out it became like a friction when they started like looking at each other like your mother fucker you really fucking me over one would end up being his protector the other guy. He kidnapped Akashi. He's got used to my car. It was before Dawn on July 22nd. 2018 Takashi 6-9 was at his house in Brooklyn with his longtime girlfriend, Sarah Molina and their two-year-old daughter. He was editing a music video that was supposed to be released later that day. It was for Fifi the Nicki Minaj collab that would end up going eight times platinum and hitting the number three spot on the charts, but he needed Andrew trife Drew green the videos cold director to help him finish it so he decided to head over to Andrew's house. It was a fateful decision one. That's Akashi. 6:9 would tell me about in great detail on my radio show on Power 105.1. So you're okay. You're okay. Yeah, I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm fine what happened? So basically you see the Mexican Jorge - your security. That's my everyday got Jorge is Jorge Rivera takashi's personal driver. He gets Jorge to drive him over to Triumph Drew's house. It's really early for am Dark, the streets are pretty much empty as I swear movie. I leave the house. This is the actual car ride. Jorge's car has a security cam in the back and recorded everything. You hear Takashi trying to call up Drew. He's not answering. We got like a block away two blocks away. We're at a red light and a car just smashes. The whole back of the car takashi's driver assumed that he had been hit by a drunk driver so he got out of the car. He's like telling me just make sure they're okay. He gets out the car no more than 30 seconds. Right? I'm looking into the summer looking all I see is this dude creeping up like this by see the gun to his head, but this wasn't some random drunk. It was someone to Kashi 6:9 knew someone who had kept him safe in the past a fellow ninth. Remember, his name was Anthony Ellison, but everyone called him hard and now harv along with an accomplice named Shah. We're trying to force Takashi into his car to kidnap him. They succeed they put Takashi in their car. But not before reassuring Jorge that they're not going to hurt him to make sure everything good Jorge drives off and starts frantically looking for help. He honks and flags down a police officer. Yes, but by now to Kashi is long gone. He's in Harv's car. I'm gonna back see I'm just like all right. I don't have nothing to offer. Like I have a phone and a debit card and the Saturday night Sunday morning Takashi offered Harbin his friend $100,000 if they just keep him alive and safe until the bank opened up. But they didn't want to wait that long sighs. I got some jewelry in the Kremlin. Um since don't hurt my daughter the kidnappers drove to his house Takashi called Sarah who came downstairs and gave the kidnappers his jewelry all of his jewelry. Listen, my jewelry was a million dollars. How was it that I was knowledge, right? Oh my shit eventually Takashi escaped and ended up at a police station. He went to the hospital from there. I went to the hospital because you were fucked up. My getting my face was taught up and like it look like did you call the house? I would Mayweather and of course Takashi wouldn't be Takashi if he didn't send pictures of his injuries to TMZ. That fucking story is insane. I'll go make a movie of that shit, but that story alone is a whole movie. Oh wait, I can't wait till you see your by your like documentary autobiography. Imagine the Takashi 6. Movie no, it's gonna be crazy. You can tell from our interview that Takashi thought that he could act like this whole thing wasn't a big deal, but it was a big deal. If a member of your gang comes for you that brutally it's not going to end. Well, why would harv comfort Takashi when he was another Blood it turns out there's a right way and a wrong way to become a member of ninth. Ray harv had jumped through all the Hoops. He came from the streets harv one said growing up all I wanted to be was a gangster the right way never looked up to The mouse but Takashi skip the line so the rainbow headed kid not even from Bed-Stuy gets to be a billy and not just any member but he's a few steps away from The Godfather Mel murder. It was too much for harv. He was resentful and pissed. That's why he wanted to kidnap and Rob this kid. He looked at him like a poser. The point was to show Takashi was weak to expose him as a fraud later on the witness stand. Takashi would admit that at one point during the kidnapping harv grabbed him and had him renounce his ninth Ray membership. Here's how it went and Court. These are actual transcripts. Takashi says shot pulls me out the car. I see hard with his phone and I see the flash on his phone like if he was recording shy had me pinned down by my hair on the floor and he just kept hitting me in the face. But when I went to cover my face, he kept doing the blows to the back of my head harv made me repeat. What did he say to you? He say say you not Billy. What did you understand the reference to Billy to mean ninth Ray? What did you do in response to harvest direction to you to say you are not Billy. I said it how many times three times this story came out in court not on my show Takashi didn't tell me harv kidnapped him, even though he knew it. It wasn't like harv wore a mask. But at that point to Kashi. Learned enough about the cold to know that he shouldn't snitch on there and that something should be dealt with privately but he was still Reckless enough to suggest that it was an inside job. So what do you think as though it's yo, it's common sense. Like I'm I can't you can't make me to say something that I can't say. Okay, but it's Common Sense everyone who listened to the story. It's not who gots Kashi. It's like the only people that could have gone. To me is the people that's already next to me. That makes me worry for you even more publicly Takashi didn't rat out harv, but behind the scenes he wanted Revenge it was time for payback. He told shoddy that he'd give a 50 pack $50,000 to anyone who got harv Takashi meant Rob him or shoot at him scare him. In other words shot. He was all in shoddy and Harper had been longtime Rivals since The beginning they've been fighting to control six 9s career and more importantly his cash on the witness stand to Kashi recalled a meeting that took place around the beginning of 2018. This was shortly after his second hit cool to came out. He was already a star the ninth Ray Godfather Mel murder wanted to settle a rift in the family. So he called a meeting in Long Island shoddy harv Takashi. They were all there by then Takashi had given different gang members $85,000. But Mel wanted to know exactly who got what and shoddy and harp had been fighting about who got more money from Takashi and who was going to manage him Mel was going to settle it. He anointed shoddy and it cemented the rift between shoddy and harv. You were either on shoddy side or harp side and Takashi. He was now team shoddy that also meant that shoddy had access to all the perks that come along with takashi's Fame. Fluff Jones a music manager who booked for Takashi saw the beef between Harvin shoddy up close. So when he would try to cut each other out it became like a friction when he started like looking at each other go motherfucker you really you really fucking me over. So when a shotgun into the back and forth so much and that it got into like physical words of young when I see you we could fight that's when shoddy got six to cunt carve off like you're not I don't fuck with me. When there was like nah, fuck that we're not hanging out with the nigga shot me. No more fluff is describing how hard trash shot here. But shoddy also talk shit about Harvey smells like your what else are you? He's like nah, fuck that. I ain't fucking with that nigga have no more like fuck them niggas. We ain't giving them niggas no money them niggas can't ask for shit. Fuck that. Let them niggas that makes the beg 6944 everything and they not getting nothing. I'm taking everything once I start seeing that shit go on. I already knew it was time. It was time for me to just Find something else to do I give you this if it was becoming too much. It was becoming out internal family problem. The kidnapping was when the beef between shoddy and harv came to a head harv kidnap Takashi knowing that it would embarrass shoddy because at this point to Kashi and shoddy basically moved us one shot. He once told to Kashi everything they equate you with they equate me with the kidnapping also showed that shot. He wasn't doing his job. He was supposed to be six nines protect her and shoddy had failed but shoddy wasn't only pissed at harv. He was also mad at the little homey Takashi. So four days after the kidnapping shot. He sat down with six nine in the back of Jorge's car and gave him a verbal ass-whooping. Well, you can't put us in a situation. You can't be rented at him for almost 20 minutes straight and to cash it in. A word especially we got hella people these things being child shot. He was tired of Takashi not catching on he was going to scream until he finally got a few things first. Takashi should not be without security Takashi could get embarrassed hurt or even killed I called you because you like him. This was not the internet. Bro, you see me don't know shit like this voter ID said because you doing but you can't put us in a situation ain't nobody will touch the sky and touch but he all my wife don't make this like some International when it's done International. We carry on all day long, but you want to keep in family watches out for each other Shadi wanted to Kashi not just to be careful but to take charge of the situation, but you are either He knows that six nine doesn't know the world of night Ray. So it's on his shoulders to come up with a plan. It's time to strike back. So what's what? You got him now make your move. It's the tray way and somehow they were going to have to pull it off with the Feds Watching them niggas know. Shot he's right. Where do you think this tape came from? The feds were recording this conversation and tapping other nine trade members phones shadis beef with Harvard become a full-blown War shoddy would eventually put a hit on harv one night and October 2018 a ninth Ray member named guns went to harvest neighborhood Smurf Village to shoot harv, but guns missed and instead shot and paralyzed one of our best friends in retaliation harp / the face of one of guns as boys. And he fired a bunch of bullets a Chinese car. But ultimately it was the feds who finally would get harv on November 6 2018 agents arrested Anthony harv Ellison for kidnapping Takashi six-nine after the break we look into the biggest mystery surrounding Takashi 6-9 was shoddy his big homey and protector stealing from him the whole time. Somebody should have smoked as I hate men or just been honest like yo girl, but send you back your money. They just took our money. Welcome back right after gummo and December 2017 Takashi started making real money hundreds of thousands of dollars that success had to do with his gang affiliation. He says he wouldn't have a career without ninth Ray and as a good soldier Takashi did what he was supposed to do. He became a cash cow for the gang he gave the money on the regular almost a hundred K in a few months money for guns money for members who were in Prison or just down on their luck? He never seem to have much of a problem with that. It was just the cost of doing business in the spring of 2018 Takashi noticed that money had gone missing. He thought that hundreds of thousands of dollars had been stolen. He didn't know who was taking it, but that only fueled his paranoia. It had to be someone close to him. So for the next few months, he started firing people in his inner circle his manager Chris his day-to-day security, but the money kept disappearing. So then he started to think maybe the thief was his protector maybe shot. He was the one and in November 2018 a little more than a year after he met shoddy and just four months after he'd been kidnapped Takashi became convinced of it. He got rid of shoddy and all of his Entourage and true Takashi Style live on Instagram. I fight everybody in my team. I got a manager going to book anything. No piano problems. I don't got nobody on my team. It's just me. I want everybody to know if you booking shows do not book shows unless I say this show is gonna be booked with this person a day later. He went on The Breakfast Club on Power 105 1 he walked through how he figured it out. He explained that he found out how much he was supposed to be making and it was a lot more than what he was taking home. I took three My yard, how many shows you guys are y'all got most of the shows on this thing? So I how much so we got you for like a couple dates you just sign to 3.6 million. I said what you said. Yeah, you just did these couple of dates, but we didn't Robo you is 3.6 million for the 15 days for 15 days. Mmm. I said so it's not 300,000. Wow, some like yo, you want my body shaking right now like yo magic Takashi is on the warpath. He wants to discredit shoddy and trade way entertainment. He felt he'd been used. Can I say? Yeah. Troy and I even a thing I am saying like Trey way I created that that's my shit about you as a person. No, he telling you what it is, right that is saying it originally so it's from him and then name one other artists entree right now knit one. What is really true way if 6-9 wasn't mentioned in trade with Raven be a thing. No trailer is nothing without me. I want Jack to hurt you no more. Did you fight you fight Rachel? Everybody is gone get on my life. Get out of here. Everybody ever is booking shows for Takashi sixth on is still your fucking money. But not everyone thinks shoddy is a thief shadis entertainment. Lawyer. Navarro gray was also there for all of it and he tells a very different story. Shouting is still any money from 6-9 when I hear that I want to laugh. I want to laugh like fall on the floor. I want the whole world to know Shawty didn't steal anything from 6-9. In fact, it was the opposite shot. He would always come to me like, I'm the one running around. I'm the one putting my neck out. We going to all these cities. He's you're stirring up all this stuff and I'm the one they're or with my people make it using my network to protect you to make sure you're good. Navarro's explanation is takashi's business was a mess. I was perplexed on whether six really think shot. He took the money or did sixes success in no disrespect Daniel. If 6 is 6 s reached a point so fast that he didn't know where his money went. So if anybody stole any money Good evening. It couldn't be shy to you have to beat the booking agents. So that's if any money got stolen. So again, it could have been that the money was there, but all these commissions and everything came out and six didn't realize it or be these other people stole it. But what I do know is in most certainly shoddy and steal any money. It's true that Takashi wasn't running a tight ship his business dealings were chaotic, but there's one particular concert deal at the end of takashi's run that seems to prove to Ah, she isn't lying on October 28th. 2018 Takashi 6-9 was supposed to perform in Washington DC at a club called Echo stage October 28th. I'll be in the DMV makeup date for the Holland homecoming make sure you pop out can't wait to see turnover Charles fucking trailer, but he never showed up. So the promoters of that show filed a lawsuit to try and get their money. And while the suit was thrown out for technical reasons the documents. Give us a clear picture of who God. Ah, she's performance fees. We just took our money. This is America, bro. You're not about to get away with that. That's Anton Alexander. One of the promoters who sued. He says he and his partner lost a hundred grand in that show. I did after this was like damage. I had to rebuild my credibility. You know, this is the most unprofessional bullshit guy. I don't know fucking man my life. He says the month before the show. He traveled to Philadelphia for a festival to Kashi was performing at it was a convenient place to give even the money for the echo Stage Show Backstage Anton says he handed shoddy forty four thousand nine hundred and seventy dollars in cash. Exactly. Yep, Hayden full all the money upfront cash. You met him. Don't just take the promoters word for it. Shadi sent a text the day after Takashi performed in Philly. It says forty four thousand nine hundred seventy dollars total amount just to confirm with you. That message is exhibit D in this lawsuit. But then a month later when the show is about to take place Takashi seemingly flaked, he wasn't at Echo stage the day of the show communication starts to get weird. Like, oh we haven't spoke to six nine was talking a shoddy. He's like, hey XYZ, you know like, oh, we're she's at the house were about to get under the devel all this stuff, right? So in getting like close to the time when doors are supposed to open so I've been made an executive call to cancel the show. The worst thing a promoter can do at the exact moment to Kashi 6 9 was supposed to be on stage and DC he popped up in New Jersey at Powerhouse The Big Show put on by Power 105.1 when it was all over Takashi went on Instagram live with his longtime girlfriend, Sarah Molina. In this situation, it's hard to know who to believe all we know is shoddy had the money at one point, but we don't know if he ever gave it to Takashi. Of course Takashi says he never got it in any case money kept going missing which is why it's Akashi fired shoddy and then one on The Breakfast Club to diss him and all of ninth Ray this difference between being a gang member. And just being a dirty nigger and 80% of this industry is dirty niggas. This is dirty blood and that's when everything starts to go off. The rails Mel murder was listening after the interview was over he made two phone calls. The first was to shoddy and I see that enemies more needed man is crazy man crazy. Mel was outraged that Takashi had insulted tray way on are so functionally we needed some bum ass niggas niggas dirty niggas niggas Steve's a few hours after his call was shot email spoke to someone else his old friend Jim Jones, Jim and Mel talked about how they thought takashi's tirade was aimed right at one person. Definitely memory inside right now Mel. Thought he knew the reason Takashi was trying to get a message to Cops Takashi was desperate to distance himself from ninth Ray. We going up to make t9000 got delicious boys with us reach our lu-shi dude. Turn really trying to shovel yourself. Jim said that nitration make life tough for Takashi security team so that they would stop protecting him. Once he starts saying the security down ain't no security going. We're going with that job. He got to stay in the house pretty soon. That's it. That's what happens once One Security get injured. Get them niggas like nah, he's too much of a liability. I ain't got no, I'm not going to protect anybody that know that is causing harm to us. What shall you let niggas know now ninth Ray had to do something about it at school. When are you gonna get real? Eat it? Yes supervisors super super doing so That was all the authorities needed to hear. They had been listening for months to conversations between ninth Ray Gangsta Bloods. They'd heard the call with shoddy they'd heard the call with Jim Jones. They knew Takashi was not only in danger, but that he was a danger to the public and that was a problem because Takashi had plans to go to Foxwoods Casino that night the feds had to act they paid him a visit and told them everything. They knew they were trying to convince him to be under their 24-hour watch. She refused so one of them were 18th. They made their move. They arrested Takashi as he left to go to Foxwoods by the following morning. They'd also taken down shoddy Mel and three other people Brooklyn rapper Takashi 6-9 is in federal custody facing racketeering and Firearms charges law enforcement sources. Say the rapper whose real name is Daniel Hernandez was arrested this morning several of his former Associates were also taken into custody. What shoddy am L. Didn't know but the authorities did was a wouldn't take much to flip to Kashi by the next day. He'd be ready to tell everything at some point. Did you decide to cooperate government? When did that happen, November 19th the day after we was taken down. Next time on inFamous the Takashi six nine story ninth ray goes on trial in the main witness against them. Well, you probably already know that part what sorts of things did ninth Ray members do we participated in a lot of violent crimes robberies assaults? Infamous is a Spotify original production in partnership with complex. This episode was written in reported by Sean Sottero. Our senior producers are Shiva biot and and peppermint. Our editors are Catherine St. Louis of neon hum and an hefferman sound design by Hannah's Brown and peppermint and Shiva by at mixing done by hand is Brown music by Jordan Granado's and narrated by me Edgemont. As from Spotify Studios executive producers Liz Gately and Charlie Clark from complex networks executive producers miles. Okano and Damien Scott. Shout out to Justin Killian Alec Friedman Kristen price G for your door Cornell Brown and Jennifer Stewart.