Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley.Who is with us the other day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can. Actually still love somebody and support them and care about them and be excited about who you're dating next or future relationships that they get involved in and I know that's hard for a lot of people especially looking at the comments. They think that's a bunch of bullshit. But I've got a bunch of questions that I was going to go through with them first and then we're going to get into the topic of what to do when your woman loses her shit and how to handle it as a man how to stay centered and your masculine energy. With that said why don't I guess why don't you because one of the comments that I saw because people again because most people have never experienced this they've never experienced a relationship ending healthy breakup. Yeah healthy breakup right now live time and he's happening and most people watch this probably have never experienced that themselves and they probably don't know anybody that's gone for the most part that's going through a healthy breakup, even though I wrote about in the book and a big reason why I was glad that they wanted to come on and talk about out something that's so intimate and personal them is because they literally are have just gone through this process of being in a monogamous relationship for several years transitioning out of that and two friends with benefits in the now, they're just support each other and they're both dating other people and so you can actually see the vibe the energy how they're relating to one another. So the first thing is still fresh really it's been about two weeks. So we got one guy. I'm not going to say his name but he was commenting all over the place and he says ask them why they didn't say the reason why they broke up instead of pretending everything was perfect, which obviously they didn't so this particular guy you can go and see and the comments there that he says he's engaged. He's got a fiance and just from reading his comments. It sounds like he knows my work fairly well, but obviously for him he has bought into what Society is sold him that that you're supposed to find one person and spend your whole life with that person. And if you don't stay together, you're a loser and a failure basically. So obviously, you know, I failed a few times that of a repeat offender to me. That's polarity Consciousness. It's US versus them. It's like my way is great and everybody else sucks. And that's where that's how this guy is seeing the world. So if your relationship was so perfect. Why don't you guys still Weller, you know to I like the Idea of what the person who left the message that there's the one I like that idea you find the one you're done. Then you can just love each other support each other grow old together. You have babies together and grandkids together. I mean doesn't that sound romantic doesn't that sound amazing? It's a fan but it's not my fault your ideas the divorce rate 60-some percent. So when the majority of people that doesn't pan out can we say that maybe there's there's a problem with that philosophy and If that works for you, you have that relationship hats off to you man. You've been blessed and and run with it man. But there's so many of us that despite our best efforts. It hasn't worked out. So whether you're going to say I'm a piece of shit or there's something wrong with me or going to say. Hey, maybe we're all learning and growing and what was right for me one time. Is it necessarily right for me now and and that's okay. Yeah, and I said in the last video that we allowed our relationship to evolve so we learned A lot together and we grew a lot together and I think we're I think what we needed to learn from each other. We've learned so now it's time to move on and then we also both want different things. So yeah, our future is what we want for our futures don't align and it's pretty typical for four people in a relationship was a big age Gap. Yeah. I have kids. I want kids and actually wants kids and be pregnant and I've taken interventions so that to make a surgical intervention to make sure you don't have kids you feel me? I love kids, but I mean, I don't Want to go through the baby thing and Ashley is an amazing human being and she wants babies. So rather than trying to control that or manipulate that in some way to serve me. I love her so much that I want to ask you to have what she wants and if you really do love someone you put their best interest at heart you put their needs ahead of your own and I was about giving anyways love is allowing and and I want her to have what she wants. So now she we've been apart for about two weeks where there's been no like Anything that would look like, you know hanging out I'm done and hooking up that would be faced Huggy Bear of any of any kind. No holding hands, even though as she did the other day. We all went to lunch and she grabbed his hand when Hoops not supposed to okay grab that I said, I want abs like such a happy. I think she gently raised her hand and she died. I don't remember I didn't it's so be fucking diplomatic me. I don't remember that happening. But I had I'm I do however have ever watched like who I might grab his hand. Yeah. I remember that. Yeah. I remember walking like I had like that. Natural instinct to grab his hand. Yeah, you would if you're with someone for two and a half years. I mean you're used to cuddling you're used to hanging out used to kissing and and we went from that to within two weeks to just made a switch. We're just like hey, I want you to have what you want. I want to have more of what I want and we're supporting each other moving forward. So we're also still around each other. So the yeah. Yeah, we're the time each other every day and and rather than being selfish about it. I mean to if I could just level with you guys. As we work in the same office. She looks good. She walks by if you don't think I want to grab a handful you're full of yourself, but that would be being a selfish asshole and I don't want to make it about me. I want to have Ashley be happy and as a man, there's nothing more satisfying than seeing Ashley happy and if I could translate into other things just like insects man when you're with your woman and you know your lighting her up in the sack it does that just to me that's a turn-on like that know that I'm doing a good job. And I could make my woman feel amazing. Well, if it's the same energy in seeing her now move forward in her own life, like seeing her happy that lights me up. Even if it's her being on the phone with another man that she's really excited to connect with and chat and get to know because that's my purpose is a man is if I could make her happy. I feel fulfilled and in doing that I you know, it's just brings me up. So Cool. So after you had your because it was at September. October you had your yeah, September I think because I remember right around that time. What are we talking about? My study of my balls out of the conversation. There we go to talk about the little words already unit a little bit talking about them like they're not even here. They're here. Can we call if I just disconnected there disconnect? However, after you did that I remember Dominic telling me that You know and she's like, well, you know, I still want to have kids so but despite that she still continued to call and come over. Yeah, because I love them and exactly and then she would go out on dates and be like this guy was an idiot and she's like, can I come over? It's hard. Like I feel like I've been spoiled I said that the other day I feel like I've been spoiled with him because he just he loves me. So well, he knows my love language and every day he's so supportive supportive of me and brings me up and it's yeah. I got like 9 out of 10 in the relationship. So it's like bring me down on its own like you were like 9 out of 10. Ten being showing up exactly like what I needed. Yeah, the one thing so if you haven't got your nuts neutered you'd be a 10 out of 10. I probably have I'd probably have a rug rat right now. Yeah. Yeah, but it actually would it be a little heavier. She'd yeah, that's right, but cool. Yeah. by leaving exercising self-control last couple weeks what we did the friends with benefits thing and that was fun what it was but it didn't and then at the end of the day You would feel released. I felt and I think Ashley did as well where there was certain frustrations and the relationship that would come up with each other and then we would just sit there and think about it for a second. I said, you know, there's one route. Yeah, I'm really not like frustrated at the fact that like, you know, we're not being intimate the last couple days. I'm really frustrated the part that you know, whatever it is like for you you knew you wanted to have a baby but then I didn't get pregnant and have that kind of relationship but yet you're with me. While all these are the needs are met then we speak need. Yeah, let me tell you but we want to get pregnant. She's getting pregnant either from you or somebody else. Like that's a big biological and vote evader. And if your relation doesn't have that then then what we found is that there was other things bubble that are these bubbled up symptoms started bubbling up from the like root issue the root issue was that because you know, she's great with your kids, right? My kids my kids love Ashley. They're like her more than she was then they like me I think Yeah, they love you. Yeah, so even though there's a lot of things they're like actually said a 9 out of 10. Everything's there. Yeah, but if that But the big thing that's not there. Yeah, they're going to work out. So I love her moving forward and we did the friends with benefits thing, but that Didn't that didn't pan out long-term because then we found out we were getting annoyed at each other because of those underlying needs weren't being met. And you know, what Ashley is our and then I had mine as well that were being withheld because she wasn't getting what she wants. So then it starts creating problems. So, yeah, so so now we're we explored that and we realized we're at work somewhere doesn't and now I love her enough to The letter do which even step love her enough to let her go. Both the new guy that you've been out with a couple times. What were you just saying before we started filming that there were some things that he's not doing that Dominic is amazing at we're time. I love language. It's yeah, the love language is because my love languages aren't being Met My love language is my the the two of their strong for me are touch and words of affirmation. Also, my love, I love being given flower water flowers all the time. Really? Yeah. How often did I tell you how beautiful you are and how pretty you are like every day every day just once a day like every day like many times a day probably about every other hour. I told her how pretty she was. It's very nice to hear how sparkly her eyes are. Yeah how beautiful she looks like if someone's telling you that all the time you're just like like but at least and this initial stage with it. Guy, he's not doing those things. I do eat. He's not doing my strong thing. But but I still like him I still liked him and you're still attracted to him. Yes. Do you find yourself more attracted to him? Because he's not doing that. No. You find myself less attracted to him, but you're still dating him. I still haven't like a pull towards them, but I've had moments where I'm like, you know, whatever. I'm done. But oh my God, yeah. I haven't communicated it. But yet you still get together with them. You only been out with two three times at this point two two times. Yeah, so you're already thinking relationship henschel a week. Yeah. Yeah, so it's like still like really new and I'm still getting to know him. He's still getting to know me. We haven't had the Love Languages talk which we will I think that all because I want to also be able to Do that for him? I don't know if I'm doing that for him. It's early though. Exactly. So but the end of the day some needs that are important to you are not getting met but the important thing is she's still going out with them just like when Dominic got his his his tube snipped. Yeah, and she's like well done. She still continued to call and go and see him. What does it say about me? Yeah, and how many days how many day every day? Do you out and she went out with the guy and she's like he let me pay for dinner. I offered to he let me pay instead of seeing a man stepping up and at least paying for half or whatever it was. He didn't walk me to my car. He didn't like all these things that I do he didn't do so then she would come over. Well, they also about that if this if there's a strong connection there then most likely the girl will like you can screw up and the girl will still like go on a second date with you. Because like if this guy he makes you feel something doesn't it? Yeah, so if he doesn't pay for dinner, I'm going to be like, yeah, it's fine. She feels something that's yeah. Don't like what people do. All right, don't look at people say like what they do. It's also who they're being though. He's masculine he acts obviously manly enough that yeah, you are intrigued. Yeah, no mysterious because it's new. Yeah. So along let's see one of the questions was about paying for dates because some of the questions that guys are like I would I would never pay for a girl on a date for me. And as I wrote about in the book if you invite a friend over say you invite a friend to go out and have some drinks or to go to lunch. You're inviting somebody to do something with you. It's just like having a party at your house. If you have a party with your friends and family and people you care about you and they come in and knock on the door. You'll you gotta give me 10 bucks. There's a cover charge. Hmm, you know, so if you're the one inviting somebody to join you you should be the one that pays just like if a girl says I want to make you dinner, you know, I'm going to go over to her house and she's like, hey, give me 50 bucks for the food. You might bring a bottle of wine or some beer or something to drink, but she went out and got the food and paid for and she's not expecting you to reimburse her were your thoughts? Yeah, and that I mean I'm talking about the first date there. It's the first interaction with the girl and she wants you to be masculine. So that is one way you can show that your masculine you're taking care of it. That's how I feel. Like I'm so like with the taking care of like paying for the meal or the drinks or the whatever it is and walking me to my car that is showing me that like you are you got your shit together enough to take care of me and that's something I want to see some of the roles Ami's are go. Oh, she just wants a provider. It's all about money not it's all about money. What do you say to that? Well, I think I says oh you're just with Dominic because he's older and he's got money. So a bunch of those kind of comments. Okay, what I would say about that, it's well, it's not that's all I can really say personally for me. I can't be in a relationship just for money like this kind of boring recurrent boyfriend isn't spending any money. Yeah. These are buying you anything. You're taking you out. Yeah. Well, so apparently yeah you just do it. So apparently it's not much of a moment. So he's broke. He's a broke dude is just through the heel and he's a little broke right now. So you probably make more money than him probably. Yeah because I work more than he does interesting. So what if it's all about money, why would she date a guy that's a student in broke? Because he does enough things that keep her attracted. At least at this point. It's only two days. Yeah. We'll see how he does after a few more weeks. You should definitely talk about The Love Languages because that's important cool. Yeah. So here's another one ask Ashley how her parents feel about the age Gap with Dominic. Well, my parents are awesome. So I actually had a little bit of a concern there because I cared about what others would think about the relationship. So I had a lot of nervousness around our relationship starting with that with the age difference. Others would think and I talked to my mom about it. She said age doesn't matter. She's like, I don't know how many times I have to tell you this Ashley age doesn't matter. So yeah, my mom supported the relationship because she saw those happy and That he was good for me. So. She was happy that I was happy. I've awesome parents though. So we have run into a few people. We have a couple of fun stories about that. We're at a wedding recently and I went over to say hi to the bride and groom and the parents were there and the parents are friends of the family. Basically the mom said soon as she saw me she said, how old is your girlfriend? Yeah. How old is she? I hardly even know this lady and I said, well, she's half my age. Actually, I always got I just But what ended up going to find out after the fact is because they give us a call and she said, you know, hey, sorry I was a little abrupt. I was like no man. I'm cool with it. I love it when people say what they're feeling I'm cool with it. But what ended up happening was that her daughter was dating someone who was you know, 20 years older and her daughter was in her mid-20s. I'm assuming and they had an emotional charge on it. And I said you let me tell you your daughter has had a lot of issues dating someone 20 years. Solder is going to be an amazing amazing gift for her because hopefully by that point this guy's got his shit together and she could feel loved appreciated have her needs met and it'll really sponsor her and getting her and you know, bring it up to the next level. So I think there's a great opportunity there. It doesn't have to be an older man. But but anytime a man can show up. It's really uplifting for the other person and vice versa Ashley's out of amazing place and has been and it helps me show up better. So in the time that you guys spend together, how have you help each other grow into better people. Are there any specific occasions events that come to mind? But you gotta ask monster. Oh, so I did such like a mix of things but the things I've noticed with myself how I've changed and evolved throughout. The relationship is I speak up more and more confident in myself. I like myself more it helps when someone tells you how pretty and beautiful you are right in times a day feminine energy grows through praise, but at the right time, it's no it's really nice. It's helpful. Yeah more confident I speak up he You've also like called me out on things and said like with the whole speaking up and like standing my power and me walking like a little bit behind you you like you walk next to me. We walked up here going through the hall today by turn intentionally got in front of her and she stepped she caught up and got right next to me. I was like damn you go girl. She used to walk eight feet behind me at any one time and I'm like, what are you doing? I want to walk with you get over. Here we go, and that shit next to me and then she would just kind of float back and I'm like what? The hell is that let me tell you it's also not anymore. So I would have to consciously say oh you guys say right next to him. I used to make the excuse of years longer like the me, but it's not that that wasn't that all know. And as a man, I want someone who can hold their own I want someone who can walk next to me. I don't want some ankle and teammate. I want a teammate and I want someone who couldn't you can hold their end of the deal, you know, and I wasn't but I've definitely grown into someone who can now and I think that's a reflection of the man to if a man. Has a Confident Woman that shows that guy solid if a man has an insecure woman. Well if that's what you're attracted. That's what you're interested in then maybe you need to take a look in the mirror and see why you have to have that. And I speak up like I have a clear voice when I teach yoga now, so it's affecting my life in every area and I really just think it's his love and support that. Helped me. Because I just can like I said this so much in the last video. I feel like I need different words to explain this but I feel you made me feel so safe in myself. And so you raise my confidence level in myself so much that I was able to be more myself more often and when you're yourself in life, like everything in your life gets better everything. So everything in my life got better. Nice. Yeah. Yeah, what if they suspect it makes up for all those other fucked up relationships that I had which can we get into those? Well, you know, I've had a whore effect relationships in the past. So going from that with a breakup was always, you know, you're not walking away. You're running away your life. You don't even like they're freaking out or in Europe set just the same or at least I was to go from ending a relationship. Having it be hostile to ending a relationship and having us love each other, but just realize what are you know, it's time to do something different man. It really feels good. And it's unchartered territory for me. It's kind of weird. I'm like, hey, is this weird that I'm okay with her, you know seeing with somebody else. Like is it my supposed to be, you know jealous? I don't feel jealous. I'm actually happy for I want to know that she's got a man that she's excited about and that she you know that They could explore and grow together. I want her to have that so this is New Territory for me. But but I like it and there's so much gratitude with that too. It's like have someone in your life. That you trust and love enough to be able to have a relationship evolve like this. I have so much gratitude. I have someone like you in my life. How good does that feel that's amazing? Yeah. Yeah, right on that's so nice to make up. Let's go in the other room. I'm having fun. I'm kidding. We're not doing that. So what about potential red flags Dominic somebody I know man what red flags relationships that you throughout your life you look back now and there's a guy in the other end. What do they look for that? You've seen that you saw a Flagging like oh it's gonna be fine. So I think it wasn't the I think the start off is Ashley and I joked around is whatever she would ask me a question and I was horny I said, so do you want them before sex answer that after sex answer because when you're horny, yeah, baby, whatever you want to do with this guy when we go over there. We'll go wherever do whatever. Yeah. Okay, let's get in the sack then after like, yeah. No, I really don't want to do. Yeah, I the only one when he was horny. He was like, let's make a baby and you know, But anyway, so the point is the point is it's like an salesman. The point is is a main switch as you see what's going on here. You want to see and you don't see this shit that you really should be paying attention to when you got those those love goggles on you know what I mean? It's like these kind of glass. Yeah man you filter out. Oh, well, I know she kind of freaked out but you know, I was looking at her tits when she was yelling and I didn't it just kind of chaos it though man. It cancels each other out early, but later on that ain't gonna fly so Pay attention to the red flags because whatever they're showing you what early on like specifically have you seen if a woman exhibits a certain kind of behavior, like what behaviors of you notice that at the time you were like you made an excuse for it and like that'll be fine. And then later on afterwards when you're looking back on man. It was so obvious and I just blew right past that so everybody's nice when they're cool when they're emotionally charged. That's when the stuff comes to the surface. So you don't know the person until you've seen them emotionally charged about something till you've seen them upset and then you get to see what their strategies are because everybody gets along great when they're laughing. Everybody gets along great when they're naked. Everybody gets along great in the sack. Everybody gets along great on the honeymoon. It's afterwards and they get home and you get to see hey how good are they at dealing with challenges? How good are they communicating? Because stuff's going to Bubble Up. We had stuff Bubble Up Ash tight stuff bubble up all the We just communicated really well and we took responsibility for our emotions. That's I would say was the biggest thing with Ashley's whenever she was upset. She would say look I'm upset right now. I know it's not you I know that you know my emotions it's my responsibility and that was something that I think I helped cultivate quite a bit because I always took responsibility for what I say and what or what I felt and I had the idea of taking risks like I understood the idea of taking responsibility for how you feel but actually doing it was hard for me. But you got it. Yeah, she got it. You helped. Yeah, I got it and I owned it so that over time it took a little bit of time but Ashley a little bit at a time took a little more responsibly a little bit more and that we communicate amazingly well, so I would say if you're dating someone the first month or two months, whatever it is and when they're upset, they can't communicate effectively what they're really feeling and what's behind it if they're not willing to reflect and say hey why am I emotionally charged in the first place? If they're not willing to take responsibility for where they're at, which is a big challenge in some of my past relationships if they don't take responsibility for their shit, you're going for a ride. Yeah, because at that point, they're not growth-oriented. If you don't take responsibility, you don't get the growth you can only grow from your mistakes in life. If you take responsibility for and I take responsibility for everything and that's how we've both grown so much through the relationship and that's how I think how we've gotten to this point where were able to Break up and still have a great relationship. Absolutely. So one last question I got here is this I assume this guy maybe he's religious or he's one of the you know, no sex until marriage type thing. And this is a question for ask Ashley. He says how important is it to hang out. Have fun and hook up. What is someone in other words he says question for Ashley. What if someone is very serious so I kind of get the impression. It's like would you still date a guy if he's like no sex until marriage and then eventually marry him and then have sex or would you be like it's kind of a deal-breaker for me hypothetical for hard for me. But if you had to guess it really it depends on the person because like I said with the way you feel yeah, like I have I have a connection with this guy so he can screw up a little bit and I'll hang out for a little bit because your interest is high at Right now, yeah, so the fact that he's not doing the love language thing. You're still you like him so much and you feel for him. So strongly you're like, yeah given the benefit of the doubt. Yeah, maybe I can work with that. Yes, maybe he's open to learning. So if that is there with someone who says that they won't have sex until you're married then. Maybe the vs. But that's so but your preference would be you want to get it on Burn witch burn. It's not it's not necessarily they want to get it on but it's that's I can't how am I you rather not be celibate in a relationship. If you didn't it's such a great way to connect with someone. Okay, that's we talked about actually little bit earlier today. Yeah, I mean there are ways you can have sex that's not connection-oriented but it's sex can be used in a way that you connect so much more to the other person and then marriage is such a big commitment. So to have something hanging over the marriage like that like we get married and then have sex like what? I know but it's almost like it's almost like you have like this reason like like we're going to get married so we can have sex that's not a reason to get married. So it makes sense interesting. So bottom line is your preference is you'd like to have Have It All I Want It All there you go. You don't want she doesn't want to wait but if the guy was pushing her buttons emotionally probably would even though you're more I think about it free spirit, and I'd have a conversation about it. Roman says I'll think about it. It needs now. I'm open to he gotta ask the right questions in the right answer. It's not set in stone. And hopefully you picked that up from the up 3% man, obviously, which you can read for free that understanding relationships.com like to do is subscribe to the email newsletter my website. So let me I think we got this is all the questions. So let's get into The topic at hand, which is how do you deal with your girl when she goes totally fucking psycho when she loses her shit gets mad upset. It's also the tries to intimidate you. I've been in this position a few times. I think I have my doctorate degree in psychotic women when a woman's blown a fuse and they're absolutely out of control. That's a red flag that that's probably not someone who you want to spend time with not in the short term not on the long term because in order for someone to play out that behavior, they're not taking responsibility for any of the shed. They're not taking responsibility for their emotions how they feel their actions their behavior. They're blaming you. Or whoever else and if that's their strategy for life, you're not going to have a long-term relationship. And if you do it's not going to be a healthy one not by a long shot versus someone who maybe blows a fuse every blue moon, but it's something that you can handle it something like, okay, let's talk about this work just through and their growth oriented. That's a completely different deal if their growth oriented meaning you love the person they love you, and you can be there for her. Her and you know if you can or not right if you can hold your act together, that's an amazing opportunity for you to display amazing masculinity. And what that means is In the Heat of the storm. She's testing you. Can I rely on you? Can I trust you? Can you handle me and if you're calm cool collected and you can be there for it is an amazing amazing healing opportunity for not only you growing as a man, but for her to take on new patterns of behavior that strengthens the Action ship a lot. It's amazing opportunity to strengthen their relationship. But again, you got to figure out is the that a likely scenario or is are you the guy who can who can be present in the in the middle of the storm and there were times in my relationship in the past were I did for a little while and then after a while I would freaking blow up to something like this is bullshit. So so obviously at that time I was not showing up masculine. Enough that I could sponsor that person and create and create enough safety for them that they could reflect. Unroll behavior in their own bullshit. So it's not a white black or white thing that Shades of Gray. So it's staying calm using humor playfulness to not lose your shit as well because if you lose your shit and now you're displaying weakness because you can't handle her being in a bad mood or being angry at you, but also it doesn't mean that you sit there and you take verbal abuse if you ask her in a loving way. Like hey, I understand you're upset but you got to calm down and be respectful and talk to me and we can communicate and work it out be nice to each other and if she keeps being a bitch and she keeps escalating is like, you know, I'm not going to put up with this. It's like you're obviously need some time alone. So I'm going to leave and when you calm down and you're ready to talk and be nice to me, give me a call and we'll work it out. But I'm not gonna sit here and put up with this bullshit. And then you leave as a man. You got hop in your car and you go somewhere else going on with the boys. Go to. Jim go do something else. And if you're a woman respects you she's going to come back at a later time. Say hey, I'm sorry for being a bitch. I'm sorry for losing my temper. I'm sorry for yelling at you was not appropriate and then you can talk so I have a question about that. So how do you know when the woman is losing her shit and just blowing a fuse? When when do you be present and say hey baby. I know you're upset. I'm here for you. Say whatever you need to say. And I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to be here no matter what like how do you know when to do that? And how do you know what you've asked you to be calm which is a more resourceful state to be in but if she refuses to participate if she just wants to start calling you fucking asshole, you're a piece of shit and you know cursing you out causing a scene in the front yard. So she's being abusive. Yeah, she's being verbally abusive and he was abstracting even the man that point is Amanda and she's failing at you and calling you piece of shit in front of the kids. It's like then you pick up the kids you like. Let's go kids. Were you watching the last relationship? I don't put I don't I don't put up with that shit and that's cool. That's it. Why do the kids to yeah, because then they think those are normal and it's like my you know, it's like we were talking about earlier my English girlfriend. It's like I get random. What's that message is just totally out of the blue from her being goofy and silly and giggly and making the weird voices that we always make when we talk to each other and it cracks me up and it makes me laugh and she's he's that way she's super cute and she's a great to communicate with and get along with and that's why she's been in my life all these years and we've supported each other through other relationships and I had a Brazilian girlfriend who you remember who that was different was just you know, she's smoking hot she grew up without a dad and she's used to everybody kissing her ass and able to basically get away with however, she wanted to be including her previous husband and previous boyfriend she had and I'm just not going to put up with that. I tried numerous times to get her to talk and be sweet to me and she was belligerent and an asshole and you know on top of that she was on antidepressants and then when she went off those it just got worse and I was like that shit didn't work for me. I'm not gonna put up with that. It's I've got a girlfriend in the UK who is been sweet as pie for better part of last 16 17 years to me and I have his new girlfriend at the time whose Being an asshole to me and it's like I'm not going to put up like that and you say oh that's harsh. It's like and I have not spoken to her since we split up. She still talks to my my mother-in-law on Facebook and stuff. It's like I'm not gonna put up with that. Yeah, maybe other guys want to but I don't my life's a drama-free Zone as you seen some of those mugs that I have that you can get on Teespring. It says no drama allowed. It's like I live that shit. I don't tolerate that from friends. I don't tolerate that from family. I certainly don't Tolerate that from women I date. Yeah, absolutely after my past experiences when Ashley and I got in relationship and now we've had an amazing relationship two and a half years. I can tell you when I'm dating again or in a relationship that's developing. My bullshit tolerance is at an absolute low amount if I get even a little bit flavorable shit. I'm really paying attention to that. Is this someone who I want to spend time with is this someone who I want, you know, the only thing we I have is a little bit of time. We're on a rock flying through space. You know what I mean? We got a little bit of time. That's all you got. You got to figure out this little bit of time I have here to experience this amazing thing called life. Is this the kind of shit? I'm going to deal with it or not because now I'm dating again and I'm like, my bullshit tolerance is at an absolute minimum doesn't mean I won't care for the person wish them the best. It's not putting up with someone who doesn't have their act together. Well, what about so I had a little bit of bullshit and the beginning I'd say she look like she had bullshit. Come on Ashley sweet as pie and when she was upset it was because she's so feminine. It was easy for me to show up as a man to be masculine for her. So, okay. I learned a lot from Ashley as well. Yeah, you had some bullshit. I had some bullshit to yeah, and you sponsored me and you listen you really actually helped me work through a lot of it. So Yes, I've seen Ashley's bitch face. She gave me the bitch ass. I hate you in when you take a fucking knife vehicle. Look when I'm Dominic was down in Fort Lauderdale work on my friends and family and a friend of mine who was retired military. We were waiting on him because he was he was training. I think the SWAT team that day and I was like, hey man, would you my ask Dominic? I put a little bit of pressure on them because you know, would you mind waiting for for the mocha bear John? Okay. Are to come and get work done and Dynamics like yeah, no problem is like, you know, he got blown up. It was an inconvenience. It was an inconvenience. It would put us back. Yeah, I think you're late and a she didn't like it. She took control. Oh, yeah. She made a look at death. I apologize and she said thank you actually pretty quickly. What do you think? Sorry for a while? Oh, yeah, six months later. She finally fucking her face turned Ranch. She got I got I got I was Angry because oh yeah driving. Yeah. We were working like say so we ended up getting home. We were supposed to get home at a decent time for me to like get get my life. Ready for the we work on the next morning. So yeah, and I was like, okay now we're going to get home really late. I'm going to be tired tomorrow and I like and so like I and then all the thoughts are going and I got really annoyed and gave him the death stare. Oh, yeah, it was he goes dagger eyes. So yeah, and she did. Yeah my emotion. Yeah. Now my emotions took over and I was promoting. Hijack. I got emotionally hijacked. Yeah, and I Was preparing for a shitstorm and I was laughing at you. I was making fun of you I was teasing you about I know and I was like and it just pissed her off more was like, I don't care. I'm gonna be in a good mood. This is my home is my castle is my kingdom went to care of my friend because I know is his I think was the first We can you guys were working on him and probably his girlfriend. I wanted him to have a good experience. So which is actually always willing to tolerate the death stare at it was a great Testament to because even though Ashley was as fired up as she was she took complete responsibility for her emotions. We got in the car and I was like, oh man, it's going to be a shitty format. Yeah. Thanks cars. Hit the me for a ride home. We got it from the valet and I was like, all right, take a breath man because there's going to be a fucking hurricane in that car soon as you get in there, right and I got in the car and she's a little quiet at first and about 5-10 minutes into the drive. You know, we talked a little bit and she took response to I said you basically took responsibility for how you felt and you said what you know why you got charged up but actually took responsibility for it. That's the whole point any time someone takes responsibility for where they're at. Even if they do lose their shit blow up. They're going to learn from it. They're going to grow from it. They're going to do better when they don't take responsibility for their emotions. That's just it's not growth-oriented. And unfortunately that storms going to keep bubbling up until a person does so hats off to Ashley for hats off to me for taking responsibility for which she feel for you. Thank you. Thanks for taking care of my friends though isn't a lot. So I even felt bad about that afterwards from like I could have been in such as you are wrong. Like Ike well I was like I could have shown up in such a different way where I Could have been there to give what I have to give to them and I didn't and so that's like Time - he's a little rain Manish. She likes to structure our food eating the certain times. Well, she says no fucking cranky as hell and he doesn't he he's like, you know, he's my mother-in-law is like she's really hungry. She got to eat. I look at her as like our younger. She's like I'm fine. You know what he says. Are you sure you need is like a kid at your fucking hungry. It will go eat a few minutes. Angry so back to the your nose over there. Back to acknowledgement. So back to well, like I said, I could tell she was pissed at me and I was just I was amused by it because I was having a good weekend and I actually helped. Yeah because I got you as a man. You set the tone. This is my king. This is my house. I'm gonna be happy. I have my buddy's girlfriend who's also a friend of mine is pissed at me and she if she could she'd stick a knife in my skull and probably smile about it, but I'm gonna have a good time. You know, I'm gonna laugh and I don't care. Yeah that helps because you were. You were not you didn't get mad at me back. If you got mad at me back. I would have probably gotten even angrier but you're just kind of laughing. I'm like, okay, he's he sees them angry and he's okay with it. So then I kind of like I wasn't diminished by it cool down a little bit and then I really like soaked in like, I'm the one with the emotional charge right now. Like if so, if the other person doesn't get emotionally charged the emotionally charged person can realize okay. I am the emotionally-charged one. So then it helps them to take responsibility when I always tell you guys. I might not always be right, but I'm never wrong. I do say that a lot. But it's usually true. But that's the that's the deal with being masculine leadership. You're not always right, but whatever it is you take responsibility for it. Yeah, if I fuck up I did that, you know, if you guys read my books obviously is like I read it on my fuck ups and you know, that's that's how I learned. All this stuff is by flocking up a lot. What else you got on your magic was there to go? Well, that was a good example, by the way. Yeah go through when you were talking about like give the person time to cool off. We were talking about that earlier like when we because when we have gotten in little fights I call them fights be on call it fights. Let me tell you I've experienced twice very very ever review number had a fight in two and a half years. We've never had a fight. Okay, I don't want to fight is apparently I don't on a scale of 1 to 10 when we Her fight. It's about a .5. It's not even a one. Okay. Yeah, I'm gonna go knows what it's like to be with a woman who goes full fucking lunatic and doesn't care and he's tried to be a pleaser and calm her down that did work instead of being like I'm not putting up with this shit. Yeah, you gave me that way. Yeah, but yeah give them time to cool down is always it's like so the emotion isn't as there because when someone's emotionally charged through you said that they're using their hind brain and are animal brain this reptile go after Reptar pre-fire for ya to be able to reason see a different perspective. But any that like when you've been upset at me for something if we take like a day where like we just kind of like don't talk and give each other space and then I come back and let you just like say whatever you want to say and listen to you, then we can start to move through it, but we can't if I just give him time and continue to give them time to just work through it on its own oftentimes the emotional charge is not resolved the concern is not resolved we have to have like that face-to-face conversation time because he needs to be acknowledged and that's it that's at least what I have experienced with you because anytime we have just sat down I just let you say whatever you want to say and I listen to you feel better and I don't I I cannot defend I'd have to literally just have to listen and see from their perspective what does not agree with the person it's just allowing me to vent yeah Yes the front and then you and then we talked about this a few days ago, but like acknowledging. Like you're saying because sometimes when he's trying to acknowledge me, he is said I'm sorry you feel that way. Oh man. Don't say that. No work makes it worse. He's still got a little bit of the little bitch in there. But you know, what's funny what's funny? I love Dominic, but I also love break his balls because we were talking about this yesterday when I was in your office about my book and because he just I think you just finished listen to it again, right? I was listening to it. Yeah. Yeah, I'm told the years it's like when it because I wrote This Book 15 years ago the first edition, I wrote it and Dominic was always like oh, it's great. You know, he was always telling people to buy it and read it and it's great. But yet he never read it. I didn't think I needed to and it wasn't until his my marriage marriage imploded Jesus and he started going through and I was like, he was in pain and you know because it's like I've talked about this before and all of you guys that have gotten Got great results with my book and then you try to get your friends to read it and whatever but soon as I got a problem like what's the name of that dudes book? What was that shaved head fucking guy's name. What was his website? Yeah, and when people aren't paying that's that's when they want to know and obviously Dominic was, you know, it's not a pleasant process going through an unpleasant divorce and that's when he was open to it. And then every time I come in his office like, oh man, I was like this just really hit home for me. I've read I've looked after in your book. It was if so, Right on I totally did the opposite of what I'm supposed to do and well 3% man for me it helped give me a perspective that I that that I wasn't able to see because I knew in the marriage that it was it was just an absolute disaster, but it wasn't because I wanted it to be that way. It's because I didn't know what the fuck was going on and I didn't know how to fix it. And I wish I'd had the the Insight that I do now. I probably would have avoided the whole thing or but the His probably would have dissolved anyway, but it would have been a different flavor. It didn't have to go that way but I'm going through through it again. I learned auditory. So I put it on my phone and I play the audio when I'm working out when I'm making food when I'm you know, I'm playing that thing all the time and I'm getting insights and I don't have any type of listen to it. Maybe seven or eight nine times and everything 15 every time I hear it. I hear something new like this yesterday morning. I was listening to it and then armor which chapters before it was saying when you realize that the relationship is going to end don't drag it out don't do that bullshit when you know it's not going to work out and the relationship and it well and it properly that's the best thing to do and I even shared with Ashley I said you know we probably should have ended it earlier not to say that any point we're we dishonoring each other like we had an amazing relationship and still do but I honestly felt that after listen to what Cory was saying about the relationship it would have been even better if we would have ended it may be a little bit sooner and I already gone through the thing what the book seven or eight times and I'm still learning so and we did notice at the end that those little symptoms of yeah this is alignment absolutely and they're coming up with frustration with each other but really what I think we feel frustrated about and it was just getting played out. In other ways. You want to we didn't take that awareness and we would have thought and it would have ended not nicely probably. All right. So now we're ending an amazing relationship on an amazing note and we're supporting each other going in different directions. Yeah. Oh, yeah. You want to talk about Rose book the rational male Rollo tomassi. What so what did that bring? So one thing I want to say about I think it's a great book roll it to Massey's book The rationale. I think everybody should read it but you got to understand that, you know, especially a lot of people that are into his work. They've known nothing but train wrecks in their relationship life and I mean at the end of the day if you're looking for a long-term healthy relationship women who have a good relationship with the Mom and especially their dad and their parents are together and she looks her dad is kind of like the Rock in her life. He's always a sounding board. He's always a guy that she goes to when she's got a problem or need somebody to listen and the parents have a good relationship and it communicate things without screaming and yelling and freaking out those typically are going to be the best kind of women for long-term healthy monogamous relationships. When you start getting the areas where you're dating women that come from broken families where there's No dad or you know, the dad was a narcissist or a dick cat or the parents were cheating on each other, you know because I do so many phone sessions with guys right here the same pattern same story over and over is that you know, there's just certain kind of women that are better for fuck-buddy friends with benefits open kind of relationship that just you don't want to date them long term and try to make them into your girlfriend because if somebody comes from a background where there's lying and cheating it doesn't mean a hundred percent of the people. Are going to be that way but pretty close to a hundred percent are just simply not going to be capable of having the kind of relationship that you want to have. So you got to make a good choice upfront and what I like about Ashley is it she's kind of like Dominic and I very spiritually minded holistic focused and you know people that tend to be that way also tend to you know, have a hard time paying their bills and they're not responsible and they kind of tend to be like a little It'll hippyish if you will an inconsistent, but one things I like about Ashley is she's pretty pretty even Keel pretty easygoing pretty easy to get along with other than when you get the occasional stare of death and it's always best just laugh at her and have a good time and not let it let it get under your skin. But you know, what did you take away? What was your takeaway from the rational male? What what light bulbs went off for you. Shit, I don't know so Corey and I have been friends for a while. We've known each other for I don't know 15 years something like that. Yes. It's tasty 16 years before so when he said hey, man, why didn't you call me when you're going through all this crap in your marriage? I was like, you know, I know Cory he's an asshole whatever, you know what I mean, like, I like Quarry, but at the end of the day, you don't take your friends. Seriously, you just don't I didn't I didn't I think the words you use were when I tell you that I'm being a bitch in my mirrors. I think I say that okay. Well that statement is true. I don't remember saying that but it was true. What are you saying is accurate. So with Corey said hey, check out Rollo tomassi his book the rational male. I just was like, what the fuck? How come I didn't, you know get into this earlier. I mean it was just huge for me. So now I was like shit maybe I I should check out. Korie's book. Maybe he actually knows what the fuck he's talking about after all and then now I'm like, you know, I've gone through this book so many times so but yeah, I had to hear it from relative hace first because I felt like I could hear them if that makes sense. And then and then his perspective. Oh my own dad was the same way. I've been telling them for years. He's like it wasn't till he got into trouble on he was getting friend-zoned and pushed away that he actually got seriously wanted to hear what I had to say. Yeah, of course books. It was super helpful and I can't remember I recommend it enough and I would honestly say that Rollo tomassi is book got me in that direction. And now I have a value in tremendous appreciation for for Cory's work and in part because a big part because of course work is why I know how to show up for Ashley so that I could be yeah, I was gonna say it was good for me. Yeah. It was good for a she know what's good for me. So now that this relationship sold that's relationship that I get into I feel that I have more game now than I ever have and I that's going to directly translate into a healthy relationship so if your relationship sucks and you're frustrated with it don't be a douche get the book get rollo's book listen to it over and over and over again and it's not about the other person fuck them it's for you you deserve it if you believe you do if you want that do it and as you get your shit more and more dialed in man the universe just Universe feels voids so if you create the environment where you got your shit together the universe is going to get bring someone to life that's got their shit the other and and it's been amazingly rewarding so I'm very thankful and gracious of Cory for the work that he shared with me so we got one final point that Ashley brought up that she wants to share yeah so when acknowledging he had in the past many times which I've just finally been voicing so I just say it all the time now so he says like I'm sorry you feel that way okay and that that doesn't help because there's nothing wrong with what the other person is feeling they're just feeling it but what I find is helpful in my experience is that if people He's appalled in other words. He was apologizing because you felt away the yeah, I'm sorry. I didn't like yeah, I'm sorry, you're feeling that was gonna be honest this apology basic. I thought I was acknowledging your basic website. Okay, it's already feel this way. Whatever. I was like whatever but the important is that such as you behind it. Yeah the distinction which is the right way to acknowledge is is I'm sorry if I did anything that made you feel that way that wasn't my intention and then I feel like that actually that helps me. Me again take responsibility for my own emotions because they they weren't intending to make you feel that way. But you took it that way. So you're acknowledging the perception is what you're saying when they acknowledge your perception. It allows you to somehow be free of it and see it from a different angle. Yeah, and it kind of it deflates the beach ball here like you just kind of relaxing like, okay. Thank you. That's the difference that makes the difference. Yeah, that's how you don't deal with this cycle. That's how you deal with the psycho. We just relax as long as she is temporarily psycho. Then goes back to normal not like psycho is kind of like it's always bubbling under the surface and she just looking for a reason to blow up at your ass. Well what the interesting thing is about being a psychotic relationship is a psycho. There are emotionally hijacked and they freak out right? So it's a thing about that is it takes two people because I remember when I had a girlfriend just freaked out and it's like they look at you like they're waiting. For your turn to engage almost as if they need you to help fuel the explosion and keep the momentum going and if you participate with that, it's almost like you're justifying the behavior because they're only going to do a behavior. If they get some kind of need met like so knowledge and trolls on the internet. So they're just assholes. So the point is is if you're in a relationship with some was freaking out just be cool man. I'm telling you if you're cool. They will think that you're a motherfucker like You're the most amazing masculine caveman that's ever showed up in their life. And finally someone has got balls who can be present in the storm. Your stock goes to the roof. It will go through the roof. But if you're not at that place then then that relationship is going to be tough man. I don't how you get to work through it and it might not be an ideal situation for you. But if you can whether it it can be huge and that's why Corey you laughing at me when I got upset because it was perfect. I'm perfect I can't help it it's time we gonna do who can help me in this good-looking I mean seriously it's the haircut it's definitely the haircut chicks dig the haircut they like the joke row effect so how can what you do at Network Chiropractic Care help people that are like come from the environment where I came from my mother literally was a psychotic schizophrenic never got hugs never heard I love you from any of my family members it's like Somebody that like how does that show up? And then what are you able to do to help help them resolve or permanently event deflate all that. So I had gone to counselors going to therapist trying to get the relationship stuff squared away. Even with past girlfriends and the counselor would say, oh well when she's doing this she needs you to say this this and this and it is that what you wanted to say? And those she says yeah. Okay, we walk out of the therapist or the counselor's office and go home. She loses a shit about something. I'm like, oh Oh, I'm sorry, like use regurgitate what the therapist or counselor told you to say and you're saying the words or the back of your mind. You're like I want to strangle this bitch. You know what I mean? Think they feel that emotion. They know that you're saying the words in your foolish it it doesn't work. So it didn't work for me. Let's just put it that way some people change their eating Behavior. Some people talk therapy. It can be amazing for me. It didn't do shit. It didn't do a damn thing. But when I got Bodywork, that was the strategy to get in me and yep and that's the work that I do now just completely changed my life it's called Network care and if you want to know more about it you can look up Network here on the internet if you want to contact our office we can help you find a practitioner of take care and networks that be simply well.com if you go to be e simply well.com that's our website you can find us there I'll help you find a practitioner is a type of body work that literally gets your body so open and so peaceful that outside circumstances has have a less and less the less effect on your internal State hey man when it's peaceful inside it's always peaceful outside and wanders tormented and side you're just looking for an excuse to blow a fuse so it for me my relationships in the past were nothing more than a reflection of War I was at because how I respond is my fault I take responsibility for that and if you take responsibility for it man then then that's that's a huge step in the right direction and for me getting Bodywork that open my Yep, change my life and I had so much value for that. I completely changed my practice at our office. So now we provide network are the Body Connection exercises that help you increase your awareness of your body with anything. You're more aware of you have more control over and that's part of what Ashley doesn't the office. So if someone really wants to move forward in life and significantly increase their game and being present and being so peaceful inside that you attract more than into your life and into Relationship check us out be simply while.com and how because I saw there was a guy that posted kind of a nasty comment. I think we band them but he was complaining that trying to reason with me. Basically that I didn't know what I was talking about and I shouldn't have Dominic on because in the Chiropractic industry a lot of chiropractors who were not as successful as somebody like Dominic it don't get the results that dominant gets we're basically insinuating. It was a scam. It was Bo us and obviously I wouldn't have spent all the money and all the time with him for the last 16 years if it had completely change my life so what do you what's different between the type of chiropractic care that you give versus a traditional back cracker chiropractor I would say that the application is totally different and the outcome is totally different and even calling what we do Chiropractic is a stretch a really big stretch because nothing that we do in our office resembles what you're going to get in a traditional chiropractic office Chiropractics amazing care I mean something that you can do it's relatively profound in a short amount of time Chiropractic Care will do that as far as structure changing your structure increasing the energy flow through your body I mean that you Chiropractics a great tool what we're doing with network are is we're not trying to move your structure we're trying to help you reconnect to the tension in your body that's influencing your emotions that's influencing your behavior in the more tension you have the more emotional charge the more hijacked so basically your issues are in your tissues and your default behaviors are unfortunately come up from the body that's what that stuff is stored so if you want to change your emotions you want to change how you show up you got to change your body because that's where all the emotion comes from in the more you get this open and peaceful let me tell you what man if this shit could help me actually help anybody I was reactive I was angry I was controlling and that's why attracted that type of relationship I was an asshole as attracting other assholes or bitch Is what I like attracts like yeah, man, and I knew that but I was frustrated the fact that I couldn't change it. I didn't know what to do. Even though I was doing the talking the counselors. I was doing all this stuff and trying to reproduce what they said. It's who you be that determines what you do and who you how you communicate and how you act. I think the biggest thing in meeting women is they may I'm convinced that people have made a decision within the first second the first second and a half that when you walk up to a woman and she looks in your eyes you got one second for her to say to herself. This guy's cool. This guy's interesting or this guy needs to get the fuck away from me. I'm honestly would you say that's accurate as soon as the guy comes up to you within a second. You're like yes or no and it had is there any route either out and it doesn't have to be anything that you say. It's how you show up man. Are your eyes soft. Do you look peaceful. Do you look happy? Do you look like someone who the other person would have? be a healthy person want to spend time with and your subconscious within a split second already knows where you're at and that's why For Me Network care completely transformed my life of my relationships because it worked with that part of me that physiology that women are looking at and reading so for me that we're care was amazing and I have tremendous value for it and the people that we see in our office have the same changes that I'm sharing with you and some you need to see a lot a lot and other people a few sessions and they noticed a huge transformation so to get back to your earlier question is this Chiropractic no part of this is chiropractic but I use my chiropractic licensure as a means that I can touch people and work on people very cool what about you ask monster what what type of Health coaching count that you're into why don't you explain to people what you do here are you in touch with you off yeah we want to give you a Shameless plug so I am an are you a health coach and I also do energetic work and Bodywork and what I focus on it's something that I've cultivated over the last few years is just being more the more confident in myself and learning how to listen to my own intuition to be more authentically me my wife and I love coaching others to do that within themselves as well and I do that with many different modalities I also do the yeah somebody work and all sorts of stuff and what is its body Center therapy so they lay on the table and you're doing yes type of body work so so that the people know what to expect if if they were to come in and yeah it's a type of body work that's also dealing with the energetics it's all the bodies work your issues when your tissues like it or not and and until those are dress in some way people have a real tough time and I found it to be one of the most effective ways of up in your game and your quality of life have you attracted life I find that if you're doing Bodywork and then also doing the mental likes gaining different perspectives work as well then those two hand-in-hand work really well together but if you're just doing trying to get a different perspective your body is holding you stuck tight where you have been so that body work helps kind of loosen you up and get you a little more free to be able to shift into different perspectives make the person available yeah more available you are two more growth-oriented you are yeah yeah right on what's your Instagram and your website Ashley are you Veda both of them a sh L ey aye why you rved a cool well and if you haven't read my books yet you go to understanding relationships.com click the products tab top of your screen on any page soon as you enter your name and your email and you press submit you'll be taken right to the members area and you can start reading my books totally for free you think I'm full of shit if you apply the things that I teach you will see that works for you so thanks for coming on guys thanks for having us Cory until next time we will talk to you soon bye bye