All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand. Which by my accent and stuff you probably get it. That's where I'm from. However, you've also probably gathered that that is a History Podcast as I've just explained and you're wondering what are they doing on this podcast about animals or second White House that relators it's all part of the plan baby. It's all part of the plan. So there is a there is a there is a connection one of the connections. Is that New Zealand is a very unique it's very unique. Eek place and that about 50% of the animals here are endemic or they're not found anywhere else in the world. So that's makes it very very special and it sometimes kind of cool to biological Arc because a lot of our animals are very very very old have been here for a very very long time and haven't really evolved a hell of a lot and that kind of stuff and the other part of it is why I specifically am here when I run a History Podcast is that although history is kind of a passion. And I do really really enjoy that I actually work in the conservation field. I work in conservation for a living so my job a lot of it entails or a lot of it is around trying to get rid of introduced mammalian pests things like rats must a loads, which are stoked weasels and ferrets as well as possums and hedgehogs and whatever else people decided to bring over to New Zealand that weren't originally here and they caused a huge amount of Devastation to Our Wildlife particularly our Birds which is our kind of major. You know, we've got a big a lot of endemic birds and stuff with only two species of endemic mammals, which are both bets. So everything else that's a mammal here isn't really meant to be here originally. So we're trying to get rid of them because they caused a huge amount of Devastation on all of these really unique birds and stuff and you've probably heard about all these different birds things like Kia car Kapoor. We've got things like to Kiwi, of course. That's the obvious one. Yeah. So we talked about the Kia in one of our episodes Christian actually talked about the Kia and that was pretty mind-blowing Kia are really strange. All of our animals are really strange but they get a lot of focus in the sense that you know the acute and they're a bit kind of fluffy and nice looking and stuff. But there are things here in New Zealand. They don't get a lot of press one of them being the wet. Te which is a large insect and it's also endemic to New Zealand the with the Puma which is the giant WETA is actually so large that it occupies the same niche as rodents here in New Zealand, which is like kind of insane. Yeah. So when you see a niche that an animal occupies, you mean like in terms of the whole ecosystem like that's the role that it is playing exactly. Yeah, so instead of rodents being over here and you know there Eating like seeds and being eaten by birds and that kind of stuff and the terms of like, you know the food chain and the food web and that kind of stuff because we don't have rodents here. They slaughtered into that section. Essentially they you know, they sit in that same area as what you'd expect a mouse or a rat to sit in as just that it so happens to be a very very large bug. Basically that's extremely impressive of her for a bug and especially considering that you you mentioned that There aren't any native mammals other than bats right? Because it seems like bats are so far removed from other mammals that I'm really surprised to hear that there aren't like native rodents or native. Like I don't know not I guess you wouldn't expect to find like canids but maybe like felines or something else along those lines. It's just back ya know that no snakes no mammals. No, it's basically just Birds bugs and reptiles and that's about it and fish and stuff. I mean Okay, In fairness, we do kind of have native mammals but the seals and so they don't really count, you know, no native terrestrial mammals. Okay, if you want to get really specific if you want to get all technical. Yeah, okay sales are native to New Zealand as well, but we don't have any others that are terrestrial like proper terrestrial apart from the bats the interesting thing about the bats and fact as well is that the only species of bat that don't feed on the wing anywhere in the world our bad? It's actually will Court crawl along the ground looking for bugs and stuff instead of my God, which is yeah, very very unique. Yeah, that doesn't seem like they would be particularly. Well suited for that. Yeah, it's not really something when you watch them do it. It isn't really I guess coordinators if you want to call it that yeah, they definitely don't look like the design to do it necessarily but they seem to manage. So they're still around here. They seem to manage it nice. I guess a lot of the mammals that I was imagining when I think of New Zealand are mostly agricultural animals. Oh, so yeah livestock. Yeah shape is usually what people think of and we've got lots of that lots of cows lots of lots of sheep. Particularly Marino is the big one here in New Zealand. That's quite famous. But yeah again, you know, they're all introduced species. They're all you know, agricultural species that kind of stuff and because of that I don't really care about them. You're allowed to feel that way. Are there fine you know, but it's not what I deal with on a daily basis that the really cool stuff is the stuff that you can only find here in New Zealand in my opinion. Anyway, yeah, and that makes sense because you know being an island. It's such an isolated ecosystem, right and over the thousands and thousands of years you evolution is just going to kind of go Haywire with it, right you're going to get some insane specialization pretty much wealth are technically it's three main islands and a series of outlying islands, but It is we broke off very very early on we used to be connected to Australia and can use Australian used to be connected to wider gondwanaland and we were kind of one of the first land masses to kind of pull away from everyone else and you know all those animals that couldn't fly or anything like that. Just you know, that was it like you they were stuck here basically and so yes, we've been isolated for a significantly larger proportion of time than most of the world. Which yeah is you say, you know, you start to get mad specialization you start to get a lot of flightless birds because there's no ground-dwelling mammalian predators to attack them and stuff and you get you know, huge more which is a relation to the ostrich of the cassowary, you know, two meters tall 230 kgs and wait. Yeah and you get things like the hearts Eagle which is got like something ridiculous like a five or six meter wingspan or something which fortunately or unfortunately depending on how you look at it. Those are now Extinct. So yes, you get these really weird kind of animals and you get you know is easy to get things like kiwi car cup or yeah, all these really strange looking animals, which will you know, they lose bits game bits and all sorts of different stuff. Yeah. It's really really weird. But it's also really really interesting. So like before we talk about our specific animal for today, if you'd like just take a second to explain like how you got into like the conservation work that you do. Yeah, how Did I get into kind of fell into it? I guess we're not it kind of started when I was at Uni. I actually initially started and started doing it uni genetics specifically and I got to the end of my first year and decided that hey genetics is really hard and I don't know if I'm cut out for it. So I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would but I did this one paper in my second semester that was just animal biology which is talked about animals all the time and like Like what their behaviors like and what this structure is like, well the physiology is like and all this other stuff. I was like, hey, that's pretty cool. I might just do that for the rest of my degree. So oh my gosh, that is the dream. Yeah. So I just rejigged my degree so that instead of majoring in genetics. I was minoring in genetics, but I majored in Zoology. So that's the other thing. I'm not just like, you know talking through a hole in my head. I do actually kind of know what I'm talking about. Sure. Yeah. What Qualifications migrate qualification, but it's a qualification. Hey, I will give you this. It is more of a qualification than I have. So you've already got that up on me. Either of us. Really? Yeah, either of us. You heard you already one-upped both of us. Wow. It's about to get worse. So today so you have you actually came up with the idea. Well, so I believe it was like a few months ago we put Put out a call for animal requests and you had the idea of talking about the Tuatara. Is this an acceptable way to pronounce it by the way to a torrent is an acceptable way to pronounce it. It's not quite the technically correct way to pronounce it, but 99% of people will pronounce it that way and it is sufficient. If I receive a passing score you did its it's like a it's like an a-minus right? You would have got A plus if you got you know the rest of it. The a but you know, it's pretty good. Well C's get degrees baby. So exactly take what I can get. That's how I finish my degree if you had the idea to write this animal and I committed the crime pretty much immediately of identifying it as a lizard you did and annoys me greatly. I know it was a it was a sin that I have repented. So what I what I used to tell people is we don't you is the L word we're talking about to a toddler. So I'm getting that right out of the way right at the top. Not a lizard. Yep. They are not ilysm. So explain a little bit. You're like your relationship with this animal and like you're sort of background and experience with the Tuatara. Yeah. So not long after I finished I finished uni, of course. I was looking for a zoology type job, and I found one working at an aquarium was just so happened to be He also looking after a variety of other animals one of them being the Tuatara and so we had two species of Tortola which was the Cook Strait in the brothers Island to at utter and that was part of my job was to look after them feed them and pull them out and get people to touch them and talk about them and all that sort of stuff and I did that for about two years. So I know you guys like, you know, explaining your sources and stuff. Unfortunately for this my source will be me in my experience of working with them. You are allowed to do that. As well as things like the department of conservation and that kind of stuff as well and which are always a very reliable source, but icing on the cake. Yeah. Unfortunately, it's just out of my brain most of the stuff that is completely 100% allowed and you are you know what this is about you. So you are good to go. Everything's about me. So for people who like me apparently no, like literally nothing about this animal because unfortunately, it is something that I feel does not get A lot of the media coverage that some of the other like you said more like fluffy and adorable creators from New Zealand get can you take a second to kind of introduce this animal? Like how big are they and what do they look like? Okay, so they are reptiles and so they do look ripped Ilion, and they do kind of a little look like crocodiles because crocodiles are the closest kind of relation. Okay, they don't it's kind of hard to explain because like they don't really look like that. But once you know that they are related to crocodiles you can kind of go moo, you know, kind of a kind of see this, you know, so that they kind of look like crocodiles a little bit. So yeah, so they are reptiles they just not lizards and there are about 200 60 centimeters in length, which I think is like 20, I think that's 20 inches ish. Okay. Thanks. I think it's like about like forearm plus hand length. Yeah. Roughly there's so this roughly the size of a feely everage adult sort of mail is about that size, but they start out obviously very very small, you know, like, you know millimeters so they start out very very small and then grow quite large but they grow quite slowly over time because they were a I guess we'll talk a little bit later, but they last they live for a very very long time. So they grow very very slowly. So yeah, so they're not huge the ones that I used to look after would sit quite comfortably on my forearm, you know from his head. Could be yes head would be about my elbow and his tail would reach about to probably about my palm maybe a little bit longer. So they're not huge animals by any stretch of the imagination but they're not necessarily small either at least the adults. So they just kind of a weird kind of reptile that has a lot of their very unassuming because they don't move a lot and they're very famous for not moving a lot relatable me also. Yeah, exactly. And so yeah, so they're very very unassuming sort of animals, but there's a lot going on there. A lot of people don't know about kind of physiologically and that kind of stuff and reasons why they do certain things and that kind of stuff that really surprises a lot of people I find that you know, there's just this weird looking reptile and then you tell them all the stuff like, oh that's kind of neat. You know, that is a perfect transition into our first category. Yep that we if this is your first time joining us on this podcast, we're eight animals out of 10 in three categories, and our first category is Effectiveness which we Define on our show as an animal's physical adaptations that let them do a good job of the things that they're trying to do. So, what would you give the Tuatara for Effectiveness? I'd probably give it up, right it probably pretty high because essentially it needs to be effective at doing nothing and it is very effective at doing nothing. So I'd probably put it like an 8 or a 9 so quite quite high up there. So this is kind of what I mean by these reasons like these interesting reasons for why they do these sorts of things and in the case of the reason why they don't move is because their main Predator is Birds of Prey and birds of prey quite famously have very good eyesight. So you got your Hawks in your Falcons and that sort of thing, you know, they're flying over the forest and they're looking down looking for something to eat. Naturally if you move around that's going to draw the eye they're going to see the more likely to see you and therefore you're more likely to get Eaten, so if you sit still and you're all kind of green and camouflage like the Tuatara is you're less likely to be seen and less likely to be eaten. So that's kind of why they do that and that's why I think they're quite you know, that's that's extremely effective. You know, these guys have lasted, you know, a very very long time which is something I probably should have mentioned at the top is these guys are often called living fossils. And the sense that they haven't evolved pretty much at all since the time of the dinosaurs. So they are pretty much as close as you'll get. To an actual dinosaur so they haven't really evolved at all and that kind of hinders them as well because with the hold not moving very much thing that works and the sense that it's designed to combat very very good eyesight. It's not very good at combating very very good noses, which is what things like stoats and rats use. Yeah, so they'll come along and they sniff out the to at Ulta and the Thought is just sitting there going. Oh, yeah, if I stay still it'll be fine. Of course the it's like well, I've seen you now. So I just gotta I just gotta run up and grab ya. Oh, man, so they're not very good at that. And the other thing is that generally if taught of feels kind of threatened it'll just run straight into its burrow because they do burrow underground and that's kind of where they live and keep the eggs and that kind of stuff and that's really good against a bird caws Birds. Just going to look in the hole and go. No, I'm not into that. No way whereas a stone or a rat just going to go. Sweet isn't just follow you down. No worries bed and breakfast exactly. So so the very fact that the thing is you find this a lot with with New Zealand animals is they very effective it the environment that they evolved them. They are not very effective with all of these new weird thing dangly rats and Stokes and possums and hedgehogs and everything else going on coming over because they're just have no way to combat them. So I Still rated them highly because of that but yeah, they're not very effective because of the because of the whole against rats and stoats and that kind of stuff. Unfortunately. I will give them that that is not their fault. Yeah, that's kinda that's kind of what I thought is like they're effective with what they were meant to do not with the situation here. And now which is not natural if you want to call it that one of the other ways actually they stopped from being able to basically be eaten by birds of prey. Is there cake she got a third eye in the center of the forehead? Well, hold on what? Yeah. Yeah. So what yeah. Yeah, the fact that you did not lead with that is like Hasbro's like the least interesting thing about so so In fairness I do I should put I in quotation marks. It's not quite an eye. It's a photoreceptor. So it basically can only tell if light is there or not? You can't actually see out of it essentially. So it's not strictly a third eye. It's a light detection thing. Essentially. I can't detect any light out of the top of my head. So this is already more of an eye more of a third eye than I have to say. This is cool because we've seen this in other animals like the horseshoe crab and I think also the praying mantis. Yeah. So the president has had something similar that was like ocelli in a similar position like on top of Head to see if it's light or dark above them. But that's in praying mantises. Right? Like that's very far removed from reptiles. Yeah. Hey there post-production Ellen here this third eye that's like a photoreceptor shorter thing. This is called a parietal eye and I did a little bit of research after we recorded this episode and I found out that this parietal eye is actually found in many species of lizards and amphibians like frogs. It's also present. Isn't in sharks and lampreys, but what's really interesting is that it is absent in mammals as well as Turtles birds and crocodilians. So I thought that was pretty weird and cool anyway back to the episode. So yeah, so partially what that Third Kind of photoreceptor is for is to detect you know Birds essentially because what it does is it detects UV light specifically so essentially light from the sun because they need that UV light. To keep the bones nice and strong. So they'll use it to partially to know whether there is light in the area and so they can go all yeah. I'll sit here for a bit and get some nice to UV light and like I right I've had enough and like move long ago right Shady here. I'll sit here for a bit. But they also use it to detect whether a bird is coming because of course if a bird is bearing down on you, he's probably covering the Sun and you can go. Oh no, I need a run, um, you know Scrabble down and to you and to your burro, so as use partially for that as well and the cool thing is you can actually see See that I win the Toyota is very very young. So it's actually like a little silver dot in the center of the forehead and then it gets scaled over as they get a bit older. It's still there, but you just can't see it anymore. So yeah, so that's a weird thing that they do, you know, I've only ever seen them in pictures, but in pictures it looks like they do kind of have some like tactical defense spikes on them that I like the birds of prey. I'm about to burst your bubble here. Man those spikes for starters. Those spikes are actually what the what the Tuatara is named after so to a toddler in today on Mile D. Which is the Maori language, which is the language Maori are the indigenous peoples of New Zealand. Tuatara actually means in Maori Peaks on the back and reference to those spines. Wow. So that's a yes you fun fact for the day. So the the spines again quote unquote spines. They're not spines at all. They look like Like they are hard pieces of bone coming kind of out the back of the of the Tuatara. They're not they're actually just soft bits are scared and you can actually run your finger down them and they just flattened they're not harmful at all. They just for show. Wow, so you have plated not only me but the actual spines on the back. Yeah. Yeah, so you can just run your finger down them and it's not painful at all. Yeah, they just put some loud. Actually that that is something that I'm really glad you told me because since the only exposure that I have to and quite possibly will ever have to them is only seeing them in pictures and I feel like that is something I would not have known if you had not explicitly told me that yeah, so there it's something I used to get a lot because I pulled the toilet out and people be quite scared to touch and say oh no, they just soft little bits of skin, but particularly because they actually use those more so for the males when they're fighting each other for compete competition for mates and that kind of thing the males were actually puff up those spines like kind of the the just underneath it. I can provide a picture as well. If you want to put those in the show notes from one that I've taken but these big they get this big sort of like Ridge on their backs and increases the spine size by like double or even triple to make themselves look bigger and scarier and that sort of thing for when they fighting other male Tuatara and that kind of I guess if you want to call it perpetuates the myth essentially that these spines are very very hard and dangerous and that sort of thing but they're not at all they just yeah soft little bits of skin that don't really Really do anything except make them look scary. Essentially. I bet they would be so mad to know that you are out here giving away all of their secrets and telling everybody that they're not actually as tough and scary as they look like they are they they probably are so hurt by your betrayal of the the illusion that they've been constructing over thousands of years. The thing the thing is though that they are they are scary. They are quite tough just another way. Ways so one of the things I used to have to tell people is do not put your finger in front of the Torterra because naturally it will bite you and people were like, oh, yeah. Okay fair enough. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you know, but you always get that one guy goes. No, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm like, let me just finish so he go. Okay, that's fine. You want to stick your hand fingering for the toilet Allen get bitten, that's fine. But believe me finish talking. Let me finish telling you about what's going to happen because what's going to happen? Is the Tuatara has ones row of teeth on the bottom in two rows of teeth on the top of its mouth so you can have three rows of teeth chomping down on your finger. The thing about that is that those teeth are serrated. So they've got jaggedy edges on them. And what they're going to do is they're going to say there grab your finger. They're going to start grinding their teeth. They're going to start moving the jaw to try and saw blade through your fingers so that they can Lop it off and you know and eat it. And the problem with that is we're gonna have two things. I'm not done yet. I'm not done yet. So the problem with that is that could happen for quite some time because they're torta is not going to let go of you until it takes us neat next breath. They can hold their breath render upwards of half an hour to an hour. So you're gonna be there a while. You're going to be in a reasonable amount of pain. And of course the guy goes. Well, there's fine. I'll just pull my finger out my go. Actually you're not allowed. Hayes and and all they'll say something like oh, but you just you just take it off right and I go actually no because Tuatara worthy first Native species in New Zealand to be legally protected under New Zealand law. I am not allowed to force the Tuatara to let go of you. I can't force a Jaws open. You can't even pull your finger at you do just have to sit there and wait for it to let go of you and you're probably going to scream and holler for me to pull it off and I'm just going to not touch that with a ten-foot pole because I do not want to find Hey love, it. The government is like no, you legally have to face the repercussions of your actions. I believe it's a it's a weird thing of you're not allowed to really like, you know harmer Tuatara and that kind of stuff. I don't think that they explicitly say if you get bitten, you know allowed to touch them but it is and is kind of a they're quite heavily legally protected. So yeah, so you got to be a bit careful about that kind of stuff and I'm just basically like in fairness. I don't know how a hundred percent true. Is I do know that there's some sort of legal stuff around that but I don't know like how much it what the punishment is or anything like that. If you do get caught but I was kind of like, you know what I'm not willing to risk this stop it. Yeah, you got to protect yourself as well and like yeah, give people fair warning like hey, I'm going to do nothing to help you. Yeah, exactly and it was also partially like look if you're stupid enough to get bitten by something that spins its entire day doing absolutely nothing you kind of deserve it. It sucks one. So since you mentioned that they live in a burrow, that's a pretty good segue into our next category, which is ingenuity. So Ingenuity we Define as behavioral adaptations that an animal has developed that kind of give it a sort of a Competitive Edge maybe like maybe it's good at figuring things out some examples might be tool used or hunting strategies or cool stuff and animal does So what would you give the Tuatara for Ingenuity? I'm really of two minds of this because on the one hand some of the stuff that they do is quite good and some of the stuff that they do is really bad like some of the stuff like they adult male Tuatara will delete any young to a tunnel that they come across without discrimination. They'll just go along huh young toddler eat it then it is a seed they don't make any disagreement Nation between between whether it's the own young or the young of some other male. That's not ideal. No, it's not ideal is a good way of putting it the because the idea is right. If you can eat the young of another mail, you can you know, your chances of you're young and your jeans and you know, your Offspring and that kind of stuff being passed on increases, but of course, you don't know, you know, you can't go either a doctor or Tyler can't go up to the young and go. Who's your Daddy? Yeah, so they just have to do it in discriminately and that does sometimes result in their own young getting eaten if they're not careful. So, you know, there's like a like I see the logic behind it, but it just sometimes it backfires horribly. So yeah, maybe not the cleverest like long-term strategy. No not hugely, but the Thing is with Tata is they are case like this is another kind of behavior of thing as well is that they don't breed all their often and that's partially just because they are very very long-lived. So they live for about 200 250 years. I'm sorry. What? Yeah, we don't quite know how old they get because no one's really had one for long enough. He's made about 200 250 years. Uh-huh. I was going to say how old were the ones that You were caring for the ones that I looked after were the youngest ones were I think sort of 15 ish? Okay, which is another interesting implication as well. But the brothers Island to leotardo that are looking after the two males they were about 30 years old. Wow. Yeah, and that's relatively young for a toilet. Oh like the oldest living torta who was Henry and the invercargill museum or he was in the invercargill museum probably isn't any More he is about a hundred and twenty years years old. He's probably closer to a hundred twenty five now. So yeah, so they can get very very old so we know they at least get to the over a century and then yeah, we suspect they get yeah, probably about double that I am floored. So this is something like okay, so I know that tortoises for example can get like getting older than like 100 or maybe even 200 years old. I don't know toward his life span that well, I'm sorry. Right, but that's the only animal no other than the Greenland shark, right which looks for like centuries and centuries and centuries like the 400. I think they won. Yeah, it's like a ridiculous. But why too long? Yeah, that's you know, what nothing was mean to be alive that long. You know, I think that that shark had a great strategy because it survived for 400 years by minding his own business exact. He's stuck to himself and he made it for hundred years. So like I've heard this like long-lived tendency and tortoises but I didn't really know that like smaller reptiles could live that impressively long. It's not necessarily to do with like the size or anything like that. I don't quite know about the Greenland shark, but the common theme between of course tortoises and Tuatara and most other long-lived species of this kind is that they don't do very much at all. You know, they're always said Around doing nothing the move very slowly usually so that causes, you know, internally, they don't get all those diseases associated with with age, you know, when you get old and that kind of stuff they don't their cells don't Decay and all that kind of stuff is often. So yeah, so it's doing less means you live longer and of course classically you get the people and the tour group that go sit on the couch all the time. That means I'm gonna live ages writing like this and certainly not how it works. Oh man, of course, they're there because they're cold blooded, you know, their internal processes are also slow down as well. So if anyone thinking hey, I don't do very much. That means I'll I'll live a while doesn't quite work for humans, unfortunately because you internally regulate your temperature which takes up a hell of a lot of energy and food and stuff and that is what is going to do you win. So if you want to live a really long time, you got to figure out a way to turn that off. No one is figured. Is so one of these days working on it will get our top scientists on it. But you heard it here first. This is this is how we create immortality. We just turn our internal regulation off. Listen as though as the Earth gets warmer. We don't have to warm our own body temperature as much if it's always 98.6 degrees on the face of the Earth. Then we don't have to warm our bodies. I'm also pretty sure that's not how it works. But I don't know enough to say no. Oh my gosh. I'm very shook by quite a few things that I've learned so far. We're not finished yet. There's a lot to go. This is so much more is so much more. All right hit me. So one of the interesting things about kind of their breeding and stuff. It's really hard to breed them like so hard to breed them because as I mentioned earlier the Mets Was need to fight each other or they they do fight each other to to be able to secure a mate because what happens is the female will sit there and watch the male's fight and she won't basically breed with either of them until she is a hundred percent sure that he is the right man. And so they the male's need to basically duke it out and one of them needs to be winning more fights more often before she will mate with that male and that's a real big problem because these things can take a while, you know, Todd I don't move much. They live for a very long time. It can be years possibly even decades before they actually the males actually or one of them ends up gaining the upper hand more often than not so that's partially a quite a big problem. Christian had to win many many Fates for me just like down at the pub getting into bar fights the Coliseum style Gladiator style where I lined combatants up an arena and he had to best each one and and And combat. It's like the middle and you'll like in like the the box and he just looks at you and goes are you not entertained and you're just like shaking your head like no see sending the Lions once more you had a few decades to go honey. So yeah, so they have to spend their time doing that. And then the problem with the next stage is that the female might not actually breathe. Need for another sort of anywhere between sort of four to seven years. So that's quite a long time or then when she does actually, you know, lay the eggs and the eggs hatch and stuff and that's all good. The problem with the next generation is that it takes 20 years for them to get a gender. So the for the first 20 years of their life, they are genderless. They don't have any sort of the reproductive organs or anything like that. They are just genderless for the first 20 years of their life and then roughly around the age of 20. They essentially go through Rick. Puberty I guess and then they become a male or a female and it's a big problem because we really can't wait 20 years to be able to release that into the into the wild population and that kind of stuff. So that's like a really big problem. So takes like a really long time to be able to breed to a toddler which is a huge issue. Yeah, cuz I know that like captive breeding is a lot of times a really important part of like a species survival plan. So if you have to be breeding them like multiple decades AIDS apart then yeah, it's going to be slow going but that just kind of multiplies the impact when they accidentally eat their own. Yeah. Well look at all the work that went into this. Yeah, exactly. So that's that's the thing as well. They have to they have to separate the Young from you know, after like the eggs are laid like they take them off the they usually take them off the the mail they'd move the mail somewhere else is like, okay, he's just going to eat them. So, you know, like they have to move the mail. So it's like a real Yeah, it is a real problem - they're really not making it easy on you know, and this is the other issue is that they are they've got quite severely endangered as well and the particular the ones that I was looking after the Cook Strait to without a our this is a things about a hundred thousand might not be that much. It's no more than a hundred thousand left, which is good, but not great and the brothers Island Tuatara has about 400. left in the wild and the big problem with them is of those 400 only about 40 of them are females which is a really big problem because as I've put it in the past the females are the baby factories, which is not a not a nice way of putting it but the the are the important ones the other one sure who you know, essentially the limiting factor when it comes to the conservation because one male can Braid with a whole bunch of females that's and that's fine, you know and he can have all this Offspring but a female can mate with as many emails as she like she's only going to have one clutch. So yeah, they're the limiting factor. So you need lots of them, but with global warming in this sort of stuff going on we're getting more males being born than females. The reason for that is because Tortola are what is called temperature six dependent which basically means the agenda is defined by the temperature of the sort of the average temperature. Of the soil when the eggs are laid and because as I said, we got global warming and stuff we are getting higher temperatures more often. So more males are being born because males tend to be born above 20 degrees Celsius below that threshold as usually is females. So yeah, it's a really big problem at the moment particularly with those guys but a lot of other reptiles in the world as well and fun fact about that as well. This is one of the other things you'll find in a lot of New Zealand animals as we tend to do things that every other animal in the world does but Do it backwards. So in the case of Tuatara, usually with lots of other most other reptiles that temperature six dependency is higher temperatures give females lower temperatures give males. But for toes are just said it is the other way around. So that's quite unusual for them. That is interesting. Like is there any particular function for that? Like, does that correspond to like any sort of seasonal temperature changes or like I don't know. Is there a reason for that I guess. Yes, probably I don't know what it is. But probably sure man. Yeah Toto one of these things that we do know a lot about them, but we equally don't really know anything about them. So it might be something that we don't actually know because with them kind of not doing much there, you know, the generational time the fact that they don't breed very often and they don't have kids very often their kind of stuff means that we can't study them as much as we have with other things like rats which you know, they have kids Every other week nearly, you know immediately for every deal. Yeah, you know, so it's harder to study them and know stuff about them without you know, you just the black observing them and doing tests and stuff because they just don't do anything they live for a very long time and they just don't have kids very often. So like with things like like things like if you want to know what what gender are a young Tuatara is going to be pretty much the only Surefire way to know is to I'm open and have a look but that unfortunately is fatal to the Tuatara. So it's that kind of stuff that it's like there's not really any good ways of assessing a lot of stuff. Oh, which does remind me here's another great thing about the age that I didn't mention before is we don't as I said, we don't quite know how old they get and the reason for that is because the typical way we would look out we would look up how old an animal is is by taking out one of its ear bones. So typically what you do is you get a little thing called an otolith which is a tiny tiny little bone in the ears of reptiles and fish as well. And what you do is you send that little odorless down. By the way that this bone is like Mega tiny like it is not even a millimeter across as really tiny where you got those you gotta say in this little little over lift down and put it under a microscope and then realize you didn't do it properly. So you keep saying you put it on drinking you realize you're not quite there. So you keep saying if you hadn't guessed already, I know this. Because I've done it before with rash. That is the voice of frustrated experience. Yes, that is the voice of an undergraduate who just wants the thing to work. So yeah, so you saying that down you put it under a microscope and what you should see is a bunch of rings in each of those Rings just like a tree indicates a year. So how many rings there are tells you how old the reptile or the fish is? The problem with Tuatara is they don't have ears so they don't have Ear bones so you can't do it. That way. Nothing is easy. Nothing is easy. Yeah. So the other way that you might do it is if you took out the teeth and you chop the teeth in half and do the same sort of thing, you know, you send it down put it on the microscope and you should see some rings that will tell you how well the the animal is the reason that there's works and other animals is because those parts of the body grow at the same rate every year they only grow, you know, say half a millimeter Yeah, they're always going to grow half a millimeter every year so there's going to be no variation there. But with the teeth of the Tuatara they aren't the same as teeth from other reptiles because other reptiles like humans, you know, your teeth are sitting in your gums, right? They're not attached to the rest of your skeleton or your skull or your jaw or anything like that. But for the Tortola they are so basically the teeth are just protrusions of the lower jaw and and the skull through the gums. So the problem with that is that the skull in general, you know will grow at different rates depending on how much you get how much you're feeding them and you know kind of what's going on in the environment and that kind of stuff. So it's not a good way of telling how old they are unfortunately. So that's why we don't know how old they are is because no one is no there's really no way to tell and we're basically just waiting for Henry to die and just to see how he gets when he died. It's like kind of moving it sounds like he has no plans to do. So anytime soon. No. No, he's he's pretty chipper. Actually, they couldn't get him to breed for a long while which was interesting because his enclosure actually the ceiling on his enclosure was like stopping UV light coming through so he was feeling a bit poorly for a while and they couldn't figure out why he wasn't breathing and then they figured out. Oh it's because the ceiling is blocking all the UV light so they ripped out all the I'm putting you ceiling in and away he went and it was fine. It was just problem solved. Yeah, it was really strange. So yeah, so that was a really weird thing with him. But yeah, he's not. Yeah, he is not showing any any signs of slowing down. I mean, I guess that's good news. Right like just the longer-lived that just means like more baby making opportunities, I guess exactly but I don't believe he's one of the rear ones I if I remember rightly, he is a cook straight to a tunnel which would not really that concerned about so it's just Kind of annoying. So to go back to what you mentioned about them not having ears. Is it the case that they just cannot hear sounds at all not quite. So what you will find is when you see pictures of Tuatara you'll see that they more often than not lying on their bellies and that's because that is how they are hearing out for things is because they feel the vibrations through their bellies or through their skin so that if something's coming along or whatever they can, you know run away from it. Or whatever which doesn't obviously really work for Birds, but you know that that's how they kind of do it. So yeah, so they actually feel the vibrations kind of through the skin and what you'll find as well part of that is that their skin is very very thin and very very soft and kind of leathery. It's not really hard and scaly like a say like a bearded dragon or a blue tongue lizard or like a snake. It's not like that. It's very soft and very kind of leathery. So yes, it's very kind of it's very different to what you might expect. Yeah. Especially when you especially when you said that they're related to crocodiles. I was expecting that sort of rough. Like yeah, like skin with like the osteoderms and stuff like that all over ya know. It's nothing nothing like that at all, which is really strange that always catches people out as well. They always think it's going to feel yet kind of kind of really hard and kind of scaly. But yeah, it feels kind of soft and leather and then always quite surprises people and I remember someone when I was on a tour, you know, they had it was a family, you know, and I I put down the toilet harder to one of the kids. The kids are The Strokes it because ha feels like Grandma so Partners grandma was there so what a power move she took it in our stride though. She were she seemed pretty alright about it. But if ya big off, but yeah that was quite funny. That's something that like the soft thin like skin rather than Having a hard scaly exterior. Like it's something that is meant for what they're doing which is picking up vibrations but probably doesn't like the trade-off is that it doesn't offer them very much protection. Yeah, exactly. But in saying that they don't team to fight very often their only fight each other really, you know, if they're going to if they do have like a predator coming after them as I said, they'll just run into the burrow because that is in the past what has been effective. The only time that they're ever going to fight is other males and it even then They're not doing it to try and kill each other. They just doing it to establish dominance. So you will sometimes find if you see two males and like an enclosure, you know, they might have a bit of blood and you know some gashes and stuff on them, but it's all pretty pretty normal. But I do remember a few people running out going. Oh my God, you totally trying to kill each other and I'm like and they're like, let's go. Let's go. Was blond is really bad to my God. Okay, I'll come I'll come and have a look they're like really distressed and they like their distress because I'm not distressed. And so you like you like walk out and you go and have a look at them. They got this Blood along this side and stuff. You know, one of them has like a big like swollen lip and that kind of thing and then I'm like, it's fine. Like are you sure I'm like look if it's intestines aren't hanging out. I'm not worried. They're operating their own little fight club and they're in there. Closure, so it's yeah, it was like I don't really care. But yeah, I was very lucky to see them to see them fight very occasionally, which is very very cool. I saw one of them actually we had this Vlog like a like a tree log. One of them was on the like under the kind of next to it on the ground and one of them was like on the tree log and then one of the tree like was like looking down and then I was like, oh this is kind of interesting what it was kept going to happen here and I was about to walk away because Tata, what is it? They don't do much so they fights take all day to happen. Since I'm not gonna see anything here, but just as I was about to walk away the one on the log like jumps off lands on the other one, like pins his head down with his like poor or his hand deliver as I wore High School drama. Yeah, really? I thought it was great. But I was really annoyed. I didn't capture it on camera because it was really cool. So yeah, so they fights do take like a really long time. It sounds like their whole life. They're just living in slow motion like they've just It like like .5 speed on their whole life. Yeah, this is kind of the misconception about Tuatara is that they don't move fast. They can move fast. They can move very fast, you know, they would move fast if they're chasing like insects and stuff or if they fighting each other they'll move quite quickly because what they'll do when they're fighting is actually seen of lying on their belly the raise themselves up off the ground. So there will be standing on all four leagues, you know, reading the swipe will bite or whatever so they can actually move very very fast if they Want to the thing is they just don't want to very often. So now I'm starting to see the parallels between this and the crocodilians. So the thing is is more they're not they're not slow. The lazy. There's a very subtle distinction there, you know. So yeah, I'd say I like to explain that the The Lazy more than anything rather than being slow because if they want to if they want to get up off the couch and like, you know, he'll go for a run they can. It's just that they often don't selectively athletic exactly. Yeah, so our last rating category is Aesthetics which speaks for itself. It's just how pretty and how aesthetically pleasing. They are what do you give the to a Tata? Yeah again, I'm of two minds of this one because I know what some people will want me to say, of course, you want me to say that they look great and they look amazing. I do think they look great and look amazing. However in Howdy what the side they call it Martie cordaro, which is like kind of stories and kind of myths and tales and stuff Tata Tata in general reptiles and lizards and stuff are actually the descendants of I think it's pulling her. I want to say it's pulling it citation needed. I didn't quite look this one up, but essentially they are the descendants of the god of ugly things. So the disrespect yeah, I feel inclined to give them a zero because But because just of that they are traditionally thought of as being quite ugly. That's Cannon. Yeah. Yeah, but I think they look really really cold, you know the heads, you know, as I said sort of quite crocodilian their spines are you know, they look quite tough and then when they when they fighting they enlarge them and they look very very cool and they've, you know lift themselves up off the ground and I got very nice long claws and they got nice Tails as Well, which do also grow back if they fall off that's another thing as well. They will if they lose them they will grow back to the tech. You know, the tails are quite cool and quite beefy and quite strong and stuff. So, I think they look really really cool. But I guess out of traditionally what they've been known as I might just give them a zero cold, it's cold, it's not me it's not me. I'm just saying that's what that's what they've always been, you know, but hundreds he probably a hundreds of years people thought they looked look ugly. So you can't deny hundreds of years of people say, you know what that looks like trash their canonically garbage. So you mentioned their role in sort of traditional like mythology and Lord and I know that you you have this animal in your logo for your cover art for your podcast. I do. Oh I said I should put I should put Tony on my head, but I actually got a I got a stuffed one for Christmas from my mum. Yeah, and so I did a poll on Twitter as to you know, what should we watch? Should we name name it I guess because we don't know what Ginger it is. So it is called to either Tuatara which sits up and watches me record. Although I voted in that poll and I think that's the name I voted for. Yeah. Yeah, I get I get told off because I rigged it slightly. Oh, yeah. Well, I did two poles. The first one that I did I put hands is an Hae ins. Did which is the abbreviate or like the acronym for my podcast but that got the vote more often like this one that one and I got convinced that that name was to German and not to knock me Zealand. So I was like, okay so into the I wind up the pole again, and that was one thing I selected so I know that's a it's a slightly contentious issue with some people. I would like to say for the record that I am in support of the decision that you will Bentley made I think I think to leave the Tuatara is better because it is gender neutral sure because you know, we is a said we don't know what gender they going to be until the about 20 years old. So I thought well if it's a gender-neutral one, then you know, it can be a he or a she and it doesn't really matter. So yeah, it's very good. So, you know, you mentioned their role in mythology and lore. So, you know what we haven't mentioned this yet. But so you're you're in New Zealand? And yes right now and we are in Florida. So this is definitely the largest time zone Gap I've ever spoken across the company's what you can't get any more distant than in New Zealand because we are we're right basically next to the date line. So we are as far in the future as you can get you are 18 hours ahead of us. Correct. So for us right now it is nine p.m. On a Friday night, even though for you it is what 3:00 p.m. On a Saturday on a Saturday. Yep. It's so This is a huge time Gap. But so we're getting close to time. But I still wanted to make sure that you had a chance to talk about so so first of all, like any sort of cultural significance that you want to like describe about like what the Tuatara means to like New Zealand culture obviously taught a hold quite a high place of honor in New Zealand kind of conservation culture and that kind of stuff because they were the first species in New Zealand to be legally protected. So they kind of a partially kind of a postage. Child for that kind of stuff and of course, they are a very special endemic species to us and you can't see them anywhere else in the world and that kind of thing. So we're very, you know, they're kind of big in that way as well. But in another sense like most other will pretty much all endemic species here in New Zealand. They are what we call Tonga to the Maori people, which is basically that the treasures essentially is what talking a kind of translates to you know, they're very very precious and very very highly valued and that kind of thing. So so the thing with Tuatara and that kind of stuff Is if you want to keep them breed them that kind of stuff you don't just have to jump through holes through the government. You have to jump through holes of kiwi which is the name front like Maori tribes essentially so that you have to give like approval and that kind of stuff as well. These are you know, these more Hoops to jump through then then just you know legal ones essentially so they hold a very very high place and kind of Maori culture and that kind of stuff just for that reason. There's not many of them left and Maori obviously have a very very very big vested interest in trying to keep them alive as well because they have a big part of their culture, you know, as I said stretching back for a very very long time because you know, they have this kind of hole, you know, all these stories around them. One of them is mentioned there, you know descended from the god of ugly things to etana also said to be messengers of I think it's the god of Darkness. He's like the evil God. I've kind of the Maori kind of Pantheon if you want to call it that I think it's Federal again citation needed. I don't quite remember that one, but Yeah, so they kind of associated with yeah the god of darkness and kind of evil and that kind of stuff. I'm hearing Garth icon. That's what I'm yeah a little bit. Yeah, and the thing is with that kind of lizards and reptiles and general they were used as a kind of indication of bad stuff of evil. So if you saw like reptiles carved into trees, you know, when you're like walking through the forest and stuff you'd know that. Hey, maybe I shouldn't go there that seems pretty bad. You know that kind of stuff or you put them on like your houses if something was like the bet it was something was happening in the house or whatever. But yeah, so they hold quite a high place in Maori culture is do you know a lot of endemic species with all of the stories and and that kind of thing with them as well. Just based on what you've told me. It sounds like you have a lot to be proud of like this is a really really interesting cool animal that I'm really surprised isn't talked about more because just like the conversations that I've had with you like over Twitter is the only time I've ever heard of them right? Like I know where all the way. Other side of the planet but still like, you know, I've heard of like Kia and kiwi and but the fact that this was my first time ever like really learning about this animal. I think it's surprising and so I'm really excited to like share this, you know, I feel like I'm really excited for you know, a lot of people to know more about this really cool animal. So I really appreciate that. Absolutely. I really appreciate you sharing all your Insight with us. So take a quick minute to talk about your podcast. Just yeah, so I do a podcast and it's nothing like this. It's it's usually pretty serious. Actually. It's not that serious. But as I mentioned at the top of the episode, I do the history of altered or New Zealand, which is a chronological and narrative history of New Zealand funny that and it's basically me talking about all things to do with New Zealand's history. So at the moment we are covering in Ocular we are covering Maori culture. So because we started before people arrived in New Zealand and we're going to go, you know all the way up to 2000. I thought it was the best way to do that was to cover Maori culture what they were doing before Europeans arrived. So the sort of things we are covering or we have covered as things like the social structure and things like what women what their life was like weaving so that's worth how to kick a flex Caravan, you know carvings on houses in and on a it's and things and at the moment I am doing a series on Tab marker which is tattoos. So, you know, Marty tattoos face tattoos, and that kind of stuff. What does that mean? Why do they do it? How do they do it? You know that kind of thing. I'm also going to cover things like obviously Warfare food medicine music all sorts of different stuff. And then of course, we're going to move into Abel Tasman James Cook generally Europeans coming over Treaty of waitangi new. was musket was World War One World War II radda radda radda everything else so that's what I do or at least most of my free time as is doing a lot of that stuff and talking about that so yeah so that's if you're any way interested in what kind of what I've been talking about about here particularly the kind of I guess cultural stuff that we talk a lot about that at least at the moment we are talking a lot about that kind of stuff but I also do talk about New Zealand's native animals as well I have done an episode on to a toddler so if any of the stuff that we've talked about here is of interest and you kind of want to know a bit more there's probably some stuff I missed in here so I do do an episode on it in my show as well if you want to get a little bit extra from that as well and I do I do patreon only episodes about New Zealand's animals as well the only the only one I've done so far is the hehe which is the Stitch Bird yeah they're quite cool and we're looking to do and the whole Hall which is the yellow-eyed penguin and then probably after that I'll do like the wetter pulling her which is the the Waiter and all sorts of other different things. So so yeah, so it is being described as kind of a conservationist podcast and a sense because I do put a bit of a conservation spin on it, but also it is what has been described by one Facebook user is unashamedly homegrown. So if you want to hear a kiwi bloke just talk about New Zealand history. That's why I do and for people who haven't seen it spelled out before by the way. That is a oh T EA Roa Ray that's correct. Yeah, if you search probably history of New Zealand, it'll probably come up as well In fairness. I have not tested that so don't know it's not but yeah, it's reasonably straightforward to find if you're looking on yeah, like, you know, pretty much any podcasts or anything like that. There's not a lot of people doing New Zealand history probably about three Forest podcasts including myself. There are doing this subject. So, you know, there's not a lot out there. So it's reasonably straightforward to find me. Just look for Tui. yes yeah yeah if you got any looking at the podcast it's got the big Tata honor that that's the one that you're looking for Perfect all right excellent great tie-in event of the century all right Tom as well it is super late where we are so it is time for us to go get some dinner but we deeply deeply appreciate you taking this time to talk to us this has been pretty eye-opening I have learned a lot and really really excited and this is just been a lot of fun this has been a really cool conversation to have so I really appreciate you taking this time to talk to us definitely thank you very much for having me I very much enjoy coming on to talk about you know conservation stuff and animals and all that sort of weird stuff so yeah no definitely yeah thank you very much for having me it's awesome no problem alright we will talk to you later thank you so much no worries Chess By boy