Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m orDownload the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller. Welcome back business moves on pedal pin podcast. I'm your host Ryan. And today we have a really cool announcement. We have added a host. We embedded. Mr. Sean Lavery, you know. I can't remember if I talked about it on here before not but you know, I've got a lot going on right now. I'm going to be head coach for my son's Little League team. I'm going to be organizing practices and coaching games and and all this stuff. So, you know it doing the podcast is already cut kind of a lot of work, you know reaching out to people and try to get them on the show thinking up ideas for shows and all that. And so this just adds more to my plate and so I've been thinking about adding a host. Anyways Sean reached out and you know, we talked a little bit. He seemed like a good fit what I'd be looking for if I did bring on a co-host. So yeah, we're going to bring them on and give this a shot. So welcome to paddle and film crew Sean - man. Thank you so much. I appreciate the opportunity. I'm super excited to be here man. And I can't wait to get started. So yeah, man, I think it's going to be good. You know, you know, we talked about it all fair. But you know, I keep catching a lot of hail about, you know, having to run out and take a piss. They're an episode of mine. So, you know, we talk about it all for Affairs. You know. Now if I have to run to the bathroom, you know, you can fill in for me so it won't be quite as easy. Why don't you tell us a little bit about your personal life and all that kind of about halfway between Harrisburg and Maryland line a little about 15 minutes from the Susquehanna River. So get a lot of good fish in their married for almost 20 years now and got married pretty young. I have two daughters. 14 and 9 I told you before it helps me called me to lose all my hair but I wouldn't trade them for the world. Very definitely keep me busy. And but yeah, that's that's kind of me. I am an IT guy for retirement community. That's what I do for my day job when I'm not fishing or doing all the other some things I get involved with it. But yeah, and as far as fishing goes I Always into it like a lot of the guys on the show. They always talk about how they fish for as long as I can remember ever since they were little and I was kind of not quite that way my when I was really young my grandmother took me out a few times, but we never caught anything. I'm not no fault of hers. I just, you know a little kid with the ZIP code Arad and not really knowing what I was doing just didn't have much luck. So I didn't really kind of lost interest in it pretty quickly didn't have the best intentions. Since paying them anyway, so I didn't really get into fishing until I met my wife when I was dating her and her father-in-law said he liked to fish and I figured my good way to get to know him would be to go out fishing with him. So he asked me to go trout fishing with him and took me opening day to a spot he knew was stock pretty well and I did half decent and that was all was took me to get me hooked. Yeah a little Bass Tracker to so We go out on the river and spend a lot of time going up and down the river catching small mouth. So that's kind of really when I got into it and Let me see how so basically at that point. I was kind of hooked still not a hundred percent crazy into it. Like I am now and that's kind of a little bit of an extra story. If we have time. I'll know I told you a little bit about that. But yeah, we got plenty of time. All right, man. So when I was 39 June in Juneau when I was 19 or 20 16, I think it was. I actually had a heart attack and was just sitting at my job. I got out of the conference call and all sudden. I started having this huge weight on my chest man. And I was like man what is going on? I thought I had indigestion or something. So I took some antacids and then getting any better. So I sat there for maybe another 10 minutes. I was like this is going right. So I drove myself to you one patient first down the street and I went in there and said I'm having chest pain. They took me in the back and put me on an EKG and now you know, it just means you're having a heart attack brother. So later I was and so yeah, I really limited me there for a little bit. That point so I thought I was really healthy but it turns out that through my family and hereditary stuff. I just had my body doesn't deal well with cholesterol, so I didn't know it at the time now, I know it so, you know, I'm on medication stuff and I went through rehab and stuff and rebuilt myself back up. But initially I wasn't allowed to do any strenuous activity like running and stuff. So I needed to find something else I can do that was a little more laughing a little more of a slower pace and I'd always liked fishing with my father alone and go but I couldn't afford a bass boat. So I started reading about package and seemed like it was pretty cool. And so I asked my wife. Hey, can I try a kayaking she knew I'd been asking though for a one for a little bit and I think more of a situation than anything. I think I could have but I asked for anything I wanted and got it. She was just thankful that I was still around, but she said yes. So I went online and stimuli know what I was looking for didn't do as much research as I probably should have but ended up buying a tarpon 100 and with a package came with a PDF and a paddle and I took that out very first time I took it out. I went out with the intention of rolling it just to get a get used to it. I had taken a class at my local Outfitter a paddle and class where they call you, you know, what exits and stuff and just piling and how to get around basically. So I take my nice new Tarpon 100 out and with the intention of rolling it but I ended up rolling it a little earlier than I wanted to yeah. It was getting a little choppy and I remember the I let one way turn me sideways and I went to grab my paddle and the next way just toss me. So after that I was a little nervous in that boat. I never quite trusted it. So I paddled that around for a year, but I only went out maybe a handful maybe a dozen times on it and the next year. I went back to that same Outfitter where I took the classes they are. A Jackson dealer and so I bought a Jackson Coos HD. I think it was a 2017 model then and I fished out of that boat for two years really loved it. Never came close to Rolling that and just recently in November of this last year. I bought a 20/20 Hobie out back and Wanted to keep the Crusades deal for the river, but my wife was kind of telling me yeah, that was a bit of an investment. So we need to recoup some of those losses. So I sold my Kusa and so now I'm hope you guy so that's kind of where I'm at. Now. I still consider myself a new bike get skunked more times than I should but but it doesn't Tons of great information and all the cool people you get to talk to and you know, just the crew seems pretty awesome to be it on this podcast has been an awesome experience. You know, I've learned. I know I've said it a few times now, but I've learned so much being on this podcast, you know just talking to people and in not even just so much, you know technique was like just fishing in general and you know learning were good fishing is throughout the country like always knew Florida had big bass well until like I really got into pod cat like listening to podcasts and being on the podcast and all that like I didn't know text This was known for big bass. I didn't know California was known for big best. I didn't know New York was supposed to be a great smallmouth bass fishery and all that. But you know, that's that kind of information stuff that I've learned on here. So you learn a lot and you do you get to talk to a lot of cool people. You know, I've talked to you know, Josh Stewart talk to Jody Queen just all All these cool people that that you're like revered in the kayak fishing world and they're like just regular dudes like me and you that just so happened to be good at fishing and me. It's really cool to get to talk to them and pick their brains and stuff. So I I think you're really going to like being on this and you know, the crew Everybody is cool and everybody likes to bust each other's You know and and give each other a hard time, but you know, everybody's cool. So yeah, I think it was going to be cool having you on here and you know having somebody else to experience, you know this segment with No thing I think just being able to hear and it really helps me because one of the traps I fall into man is I need that this greatest thing and that greatest thing, you know, and when you talk to the guys on the show that you know, you hear you know, you don't always need all that stuff. Now, you know, I I've come a long way with my rods and stuff. I started out with like the ugly sticks and you know, the little things and I have a couple of really nice rods now and have a half decent fish finder on my boat, but I For a while there. I was just like, oh, I'm not catching any fish and I would just throw money at the problem and it really didn't kind of listening to you guys and just hearing what people were saying about you know, sometimes lures are designed to catch fishermen not fish and that kind of thing. So that part is help me too and I look forward to learning more about that. But just more I mean I you can watch as many YouTubes and listen to as many podcasts as you want. But it's just time on the water is really going to help me in but I'm still looking forward to just hearing, you know, new techniques kind of talking through what I'm doing wrong and when that kind of thing so yeah. Yeah, you're exactly right like Tom on the water. I think pretty much everybody that I've talked to about it agrees on that, you know time on the waters the best learning experience the best way to learn but it does help, you know talk In the people on here and you know learning some stuff from them so you can put that to use when you're on the water. So it's pretty cool. You know, I was curious. How long have you been listening to pedal and pint I've been listening to the podcast since Brian started with just the original single show and I listened as they added shows. And so yeah, I've been listening to the podcast for a long time. It really started I my current commute is pretty long. And I was really looking for something to kind of just take the edge off that I drive about 50 minutes each way. And so listen to the podcast really help and I forget how long ago was but I just I went I think I went on KBS Facebook page and just said, hey guys where some good podcast to listen to and so I got a big long list and I like paddle and fin the original stuff and then when like you won The show started I was like man, that's perfect. Because you know, I still want to get into tournaments and stuff. But I was like, that's not right for me exactly a hundred percent. But man your show came along I was like that is perfect. That's exactly what I'm looking for the kind of information like a new person just not maybe I wasn't super just starting out. I had some experience but definitely you're so kind of got gave me the most of what I was looking for the information that I needed cell. Yeah, that's awesome. And I mean even me when I started this I wouldn't I wouldn't like a new bass fisherman. Really. I mean I call myself a new but in all honesty. I think this is like my seventh year bass fish and I've just never gotten good at it. But last last year was a big change for me and y'all progressed and I'm hoping I would Chris even more this year and you know, oh only time will tell you know, So I'm just excited man. I'm looking forward to you know, all meet new people learning new things find a new place to fish. I think that's another big thing. I mean for the longest time. I have a river of the Susquehanna. That's about 15 minutes for me and everybody always talks about how great it is. Now. I the last year or two. I haven't had a ton of luck. But I've also talked to guidance who are familiar with it and they say like our particular area that small mouth just on. You're having some problems, you know, they're talk about pollution from Harrisburg and a couple other things but it's definitely hit our Smallmouth population pretty hard. But I've heard if you go north or south, you know, it's better and so it's just I think I need to Branch out for the waters that I fish. I got lucky on my local Lake last year. They drew it down because there is a neighboring Lake but they were working on a dam and And so they closed the boat ramp and only kayakers could get in there. So I crushed while the lake was down and know better. But then as soon as they brought the level back up in the daughters could get back in there. I started my fish catching went down dramatically. I don't know if the pressure definitely came back. So but I think one of the things I've learned from listening to you guys just to broaden your areas a little bit and try new places. And so that's my goal for one of my goals for this year is to kind of spread my wings a little bit. Move a little further away what fishing wants so now what do you tend to gravitate more towards like a lake or river? I kind of split my time between both now last year. I spent a little more time on the lake Lakes because because it was down and I knew it was pretty good and the river was kind of I didn't have a lot of luck. So I definitely spent more time on the lake last year, but now That it's back up again. I'll probably split time evenly between the river and the lake the that leg. Anyway, they're both about the same distance ones. Just One Direction one to the other direction. So it was like the river go ahead man. I'll just go say you live in a pretty good spot. Then you get water pretty close to you the way you go idea idea and everybody always talks about the Susquehanna, you know, it's a mile wide and so deep but there's definitely good spots there. I just have to explore And expand my horizons a little bit. So yeah, I've heard about that River but you know, honestly don't know anything about it. So I was going to ask you how big it was but I guess you just kind of answered that question right now. I think right by me. It's one of its widest point and then like I said it is they say it is a mile wide and there's definitely a lot of good shelves and rock structure and I have to Bridges close right by where I live. So there's a lot of good places to fish just last year. It seemed like got hit hard for whatever reason but I also started working last year. I got involved with the Local Heroes on the water chapter. Well, if you're familiar with them at all, yeah, but yeah, I went to a couple of events last year and helped out. And so this year that's another one of the things I'm going to do. I'm already signed up to help with pretty much every event. They Local event here. So but just through being a part of that talking to the those guys there they all gave me a bunch of good spots to go try I just have to you know, make the trip and might be so it might not just be a 15 minute trip might be a half hour or 45 minutes away. But definitely they gave me some good spots. So that's another reason why I like groups like that because it's not coming on helping people out on all of them that but but just knowledge just another source of knowledge. For me because those guys seem to know what they're doing pretty well and they're even a lot of the guys that are involved with here is in the water. Also a members of kayak Anglers are Central PA and so they all told me whenever I want to get into tournaments that they'd take me under their wing and help me out there too soon. So we do ya think. That's awesome. You know Heroes on the water, you know, it definitely seems like a really cool organization you helping out veterans getting them on the water and You know helping them get out there and catch some fish actually, you know, one of our sponsors hammered lures, you know, they they do that recycled plastic program, you know, where you send in all your beat up and tore a Plastics and he'll melt them down and make new Plastics and he donates those two Heroes on the water. So, you know, that's that's one reason why we like having them on as a sponsors, you know, we we support that I think I can speak for just about everybody on the podcast. As you know, we support our military and you know, we know they pay the sacrifice for us to have our freedom to you know, get out there and catch all these fish and all that. And so, you know, I think it's cool, you know that organization giving back and trying to help them out with some of the stuff they go through definitely seeing them come out and you know, just get to chill out and just relax and you know, put any trouble As they got behind them just spend a nice relaxing day paddling around that. I mean their families are welcome and stuff too. So, you know, they get everybody out on the water and our local kayak shop. Yeah that I talked about they do a lot with them to they donate The Kayaks, but they get to use so it's just a good good time man. It's awesome man. So what some techniques that you've kind of, you know been Onto like what have you seem to have the most success with right now? It was the thing that I if I had to pick one go to Bay to be a Cinco wacky rigged. That is what I've had the absolute most luck on I definitely I think more of a finesse guy. I've had a little bit of luck on crankbait and stuff, but I've caught I bet you 75% of my fish on wacky rig Cinco I've to Lauren tried to throw just about everything out there. I mean I've thrown wobble proper of caught a few on that that's through a mid rig first fish. I caught on the neighborhood with a carp. Wow, oh, you know the what it is. I can't remember that one jointed swim baits like 28. I haven't brought myself to throw it yet because I'm so afraid I'm going to lose it. But I've lost quite a few ChatterBait in there jackhammers in the river. So I think I'm on my sixth Jack a jack hammer now, but at least three of them are in the river somewhere, but so yeah if it's covid of Revenue Rivers, Awesome, you know wacky rig is one thing. I'd like to give a little bit of attention to this year. I haven't I've never really thrown it. I've tried a little bit but it's one of those where y'all after like 5 minutes if I ain't getting no action, you know kind of set it down and grab a jig and I'm the exact opposite. I got my first order of The Jig Master Jay. And I went out last weekend and try them for the first time and I I didn't have any much luck, but I only tried it for so long before Mike. I don't even know if I'm doing this, right and I put it down and picked up the last two eggs. I knew weeks a little bit that I was doing that right. So once you, you know, get that down, it's really not not that hard. It's just, you know, finding that little twitch, you know, give it a couple. Little pops finding that right Twitch in there man. Once you get that you start getting that bite where you feel that boom boom boom man. It's awesome. I'm looking forward to that. So I just I just got to give it more time same with jerkbait. I was trying everybody's saying for Coldwater fish jerkbait really good. I'm like, I don't even know I don't know if a if there's no fish there be I'm just not using it right. I feel like I'm doing like they do on the show and it feels like it's moving the way it should be but I I'm had any luck with it at all no bites. So but I feel you with it. You know, I did that episode with air and stagger talking about cold water jerk baits. And you know, I was excited to talk to him about that after I got done talking to him. You know, I'm stoked up and excited and I went out and I tried it a couple times now granted it kind of the same situation. I didn't know I might have used it like 20-30 minutes and then finally like, okay. I'm not getting anything and switch to something else. But yeah, I didn't get no look. I think part of my problem is I don't really it's kind of uncomfortable to try to like pop that Rod the way you need to with jerkbait sitting down in your kayak and I can stand in my kayak, but you know, I'm a little wobbly and I've never caught a big fish while I'm standing and so I've always been nervously maybe if I get a Hit, you know, am I going to get thrown off balance and fall in the water? And I really don't want to do that whenever it's cold. Well, I don't I haven't stood up and tried to use it yet. But you know, maybe in the summer. I'll try to give it a try to get some of that summertime jerk big bass because I think Suze, I think she uses a jerkbait pretty much year-round. So yeah same thing I will stand up. Occasionally, especially for those you know dates where they you know, it's definitely a lot of imparting action with the rod. It's definitely not easy as easy sitting down. So I will stand up in fishing line to I could do it on my Kusa and the Hobie seems just a stable so and I have a dry suit, so I'm not super worried about falling in one be wouldn't be fun. But I know I would survive so Yeah, and see us doing got a dress, too. I've looked into them. They're not really in the budget right now. But you know eventually I'm gonna have one, you know, maybe by next winter. I'll be able to get me one the one-eyed half price or I wouldn't have one either. So but what brands you give getting? I got a Let me think. It's not an RS. It's okay. I want to say it's stole Quest it's called an easy easy something but it was regularly 500 and at at the one winner deal they had that Outfitter. They had it marked down here 40 percent off. So I was like, well, yeah, so now the when I tried it on at the store the dude with their help me in and out of it and so two weeks ago. I took it. For the first time put it on did okay again it on got on got out of the water. When I got back to the ramp. I was kind of running a little bit late and wanted to was kind of in a hurry and I could not get out of that suit. They don't like I was so glad nobody else was out the ramp because man I could get one arm out or this left arm out or my head out but not two or three all at once it took me 15 minutes of struggling it. I'm sure people would have died laughing if they would have saw me but I suppose. I would pull out their cell phone and recorded you you'd be the next internet sensation. Thank goodness. That did not happen. It was I mean I was frustrated, but I figured out and it's just like It did the neck casket was a little tight and I've read that about them at that takes a little bit to get it to break in. I think most of them do because no bread Hicks. He got one of the NRS dress suits and he's had issues with that about it, you know kind of wanted to choke him there. So I I think pretty much all of them do and it's probably on purpose, you know to try to keep it watertight, but you do still got to breathe I guess. Paddle right up and kind of crash into the ramp to get out. So it's nice to be able to get out into the water a little bit but not have to worry about getting wet. So we're cool. So let's talk about this a little bit, you know up there primarily small mouth you're going for you go for any large mouth on the Lakes. I do on the lake lakes around here that that's pretty much mostly what I go force is large now. With then there, although I have caught a few small mouth in Malek's definitely not near as many as the large mouths but the river I've caught a few all I mostly best. I feel like I get go cat fit catch catfish anytime and supposedly, you know where we're at if I wanted to go catfish and I wouldn't have any problem and not every time I've done that if I use live bait use worms, I can catch catfish all day long, but I'm trying to shoot for bath, so Did catch last year. I caught a catfish on a crankbait. I had no clue again. I thought and then I got it up and there was a big catfish and I didn't really get this shit cranky, but that one did ya with them my first couple of years of bass fishing. I'd bought a Little Jon Boat with a trolling motor and everything and me and my buddy and his cousin all went out on this little 14-foot jon boat and his buddy like never really fished before and he was using a little fire tiger crankbait and he just headed out while trolling and he got hit and it was a catfish like like really but uh, yeah man, I grew up doing the whole no catfish and in crappie thing, you know with live bait and that's what all my dad really ever did until you know, I got into bass fishing. So now You know, he kind of likes fish with me but he still grumbles whenever we go out and he's like no, I just want some night crawlers and I'll go out and catch some fish. And yeah and like he will do, you know, he'll catch some catfish and all that good stuff. No way. I explained to him. I got a buddy that does the same thing, you know, he's like, you know, I just want to catch fish. I don't care about anything else so, you know worm or whatever. You know to me it's being able to take something made out of metal and plastic and being able to what's the word. I'm looking for like being able to trick the fish into thinking that it's something live that that's what's cool to me. Absolutely. I agree with you a hundred percent man. That's why I kind of try and leave the worms at home now if I'm In line, my daughter's out. I sometimes will take life stuff just so I know that they can catch something. But if it's just me, I'm pretty much artificial all the way. So yeah, it was my kids anytime. I take them fishing, you know with night crawlers and a bobber and let them wear out some blue gill, you know, they love that they'll sit there and just catch them back to back and all that so I'll probably be Doing a lot of bluegill fishing this year too because you know, you probably heard me on here. I've got my daughter her first kayak, so she's gonna she's 10, you know pretty close to you girls age. But yeah, I'm gonna get hurt out there with me and you know, we're going to you know move. Officials her some and hopefully we'll get on some and young starter out easy and it's all she's ever done is bluegill fish so far and she's never fished from a kayak. So, you know, I'm probably going to be bluegill fishing with her. I'm probably going to be more helping her than I am fishing for myself, you know, she's so kind of iffy about taking a fish like grabbing a fish and taking it off. Hook and all that and putting a worm on a hook. I'ma get her out of that girly girl stuff. But yeah be there are my girls are really girly girl. So and I started like my oldest daughter last year. They both have kayaks to cheap a little one nothing crazy, but I took them out of the lake. I took my oldest one out of the lake a few times actually and actually had her thrown around the Cinco, but she spent more time checking it up in the trees and on the bag good stuff. That's what I'm worried about. It's there but I wasn't too bad and I was just giving it a little crap about fish not growing and trees, you know, but but yeah, I was happy just to have them go out and I want two things. I like to do in the summer. I spend a week as a camp counselor at a Christian Camp up in the Poconos northern PA and one of my favorite things about that place is it's a private Lake no pressure. So that is where I caught my first frog fish that is where I got caught. My first Waffle proper fish because being I feel like you could throw anything in there and you're going to get bit. And so this past year my daughter caught huge bass up there. I'm saying goes to so that was her first real experience of actually catching big bath. And so I feel like it was a good opportunity to get her hooked on it. And as well as the other games, that was the first year. I've been going there for 7 years now the counselor and last year was the first year I did. She has an activity because I don't think the kids would be into it, but I brought probably twelve rods with me and I didn't get the fish a lot because I had kids fighting over the rods, but it was definitely cool experience and they love that man. So I'm looking forward to doing that again this year it did this sounds awesome. Like I'd love to be a part of that, you know for the especially for the fishing side of it, you know, just, you know getting kids into fishing, you know, I I've I feel like you know with my kids personally, you know, I really want to share that passion I have for fishing with with them and so it'd be pretty awesome like a whole group of kids, you know getting into it and you know, those kids might go back to their parents be like look I caught this fish. I want to go fishing again and you know that gets the parents in the fishing and all so, you know, you might have you might have created a whole new generation of fishermen right there. So that's pretty cool. Yeah. Crime I can do that man. I look forward to what I love, you know, I love it. When I stopped at the you know, get my boat off at the ramp and send me they'll come up to me and be like, hey is that you know, let me check out your kayak and up me and I'll you know, even if I'm running late I'll be like yeah, come on down man. I'll show it to you and I love just you know, getting people excited and you know building the sports. So again, that's another reason why I wanted to be on here. So I feel like it's just another opportunity to do that. Yeah, I remember. When what a bunch of has made up up until Halo back in the fall, you know, we were fishing around the marina quite a bit, you know, there's a lot of grass down down on the bottom side all around the marina. And this dude of this big old probably, you know, what one of those big old would wake boats. I think I think it is, you know, probably 80 to Thousand dollar boat do goes by and I'm sitting I'm I'm actually standing and fishing and he goes like he's could just go and slow coming out of the marina and he looks over at me and he's like, he's like, hey, man, I really like your setup. There's pretty cool. I'm like, thanks and I'm sitting here thinking like I got the cheapest crappiest kayak out of all of them. But you know, that is pretty cool this dude in this big expensive boat compliment me in my little Kayak, but yeah, man, so what's your personal best like Largemouth and Smallmouth? Okay now my I don't really I hadn't really started measuring until last year and so I have and I don't I didn't carry a scale with me either until just recently so I only have blanks. I have a 21-inch Largemouth that I call last year that was. And I don't know what the way that was. I if I had to guess I'd say somewhere 3/4 range. I don't I'm not sure only one. I mean, I don't know how your Largemouth are or up there, but my personal business is a 21 inch and it was five point six nine pounds. Okay. So so I want I don't want to make it bigger than well. You know, it does vary man. I think it was on the serious angler podcast. They were talking about this and When I got to thinking about it, you know seem kind of like might have hit the nail on the head up north. You know, I watch a lot of YouTube videos up north. It seems like the Smallmouth are a lot fatter than they are down south so you can have a like a 20-inch Smallmouth down here in the South and you know, be like three or four pounds and then it Maybe probably around three or little more something like that. But up north. It seems like a 20-inch small mouth is like five six pounds or something like that and you know, they seem a lot fatter up there. So, you know, it is possible for them to be skinnier, but the same length but I just thought it that out there for reference with lime. Okay, and then small mouth I all the ones I caught since I got my measuring Board of been small or not. Not huge. So I wouldn't I wouldn't say I don't even know off the top of my head what my best small mouth was, but that's Play something I'll start keeping track of now that I have the board and the scale on me. So it's this cool man. It'd be cool to see how you progress through the year and like being able to you know, having the scale and the measuring board, you know being able to see. You know what you come up with this year. That'll be pretty cool. I'm looking forward to it. I definitely want to practice that's kind of what last year. I was more practicing my catch photo release kinda in the hopes of getting out on trying to tournament. I just last year. I kept thinking man. I'm getting blank getting skunked too much too much to even try for a tournament. But now I think those guys like I said, the here is on the water guys were talking to me and like, oh man, it doesn't matter just come out and give it a I so I think this year I'm gonna bite the bullet and actually try a tournament or two so sweet. I think I'm a truck a couple of myself. But since you said that and we're kind of on that subject, I do want to bring something up. I believe you might have seen me bring this up in our paddle and fin group said earlier I had an idea and you know, I just want to see what our listeners think about this. I'm thinking about starting a month-long tournament full a quote-unquote new tournament, you know, just basically for people that Don't like that aren't really used to the whole kiss photo release process, you know, just to learn it. You know that way when you do get up into the tournament world, you know, you'll know you'll know what you're doing and you won't be fumbling around and all that. And so it was just an idea. I had just throw a couple details and of all this can change this just ideas. I have thinking like $10 entry. Effie do it through tourney X I'm thinking like with it being kind of a new thing at three fish limit and yeah, just you know, best three fish go by all the traditional rules with your mouth closed and and all that stuff to get people used to but like $10 entry fee that'll cover the tourney X fee and then the bonus Rest will go towards the winter. So it's not like a huge pot you're going for but you know, it is something to achieve forward and then if you don't win, you know, it's ten bucks. So you're not really out that much. But yeah, I don't have all the details together on it. I just want to throw it out there. And and if you would be interested in doing that shoot us a message or comment on the show post or something like that to let us know. Oh you be interested, you know of it seems like people are interested in it, you know might put a little more thought into it and get it going by like April or something like that. So just on that out there. So let us know what you think if you're interested, but I think that'd be pretty sweet. I mean it definitely would take some of the intimidation factor out of it for ya, you know make it as low-key as you want and you know definitely get some people interested I think so. Yeah. It'd be pretty cool and you know, I think would be a learning experience for me too, because I was thinking, you know, I wouldn't really I probably wouldn't enter the tournament. I'd probably be trying to judge in since I've never judged fished before, you know to be a learning experience for me, you know learning to judge the fish. And of course, I would read up on how everybody judges the fish and try to do it as fairly as possible and all that and something else that did want to bring up on that is You know, it was brought up when I threw that idea out that you know, how you're going to keep just noobs from entering. You know, what how you going to keep like good fisherman out of it. Well, I'd prefer there'd be nobody that's a really good fisherman enter and I hope everybody can respect that, you know, if you're beginning to mid-level, you know what I'm fine with you entering. But you know, I don't feel like a lot of these, you know good Anglers are going to come in and try to steal the money. It's not going to be that much money. You know, what is like five dollars per person. So if we get ten people in on it, you know, it's 50 bucks. I don't think anybody's gonna try to come after our 50 bucks that we got in there, but but uh You know if it does become an issue, like if we do do this and it becomes an issue where these above-average Anglers are trying to come in and take money will do it like an invite-only tournament to wear like you let us know you want in we know you or what what we'll figure something out will work out. Just let us know if you would be interested in it and you know, we'll go from there. Sounds like a cool idea man. So yeah, I feel like we've gotten to know you pretty pretty well tonight. It was is there anything you want to add or anything before we wrap it up? I mean, I I kind of just you know, so I can get to know you too. Same thing. I was going to ask you know, what what got you a interested in fishing and will guide you be interested in doing podcasts. I know you started on your own, right? We're joined columns and right. Yeah. Yeah, I did. I think like three episodes of my own podcast before, you know, Brian and bread and Jos, you know hit me up and asked me to take what I was doing and just move it over here to paddle and fend but uh, you know, I I'm one of those up I've been fishing pretty much my entire life. but with live bait, you know fishing for catfish and crappie, you know, my great grandpa, you know, he him and his family owned a bunch of land and you know, I grew up we lived on the same property as he did and he had a pain that he always had stalked it wouldn't have big old Pond and it was decent size and he'd have a stocked with catfish and stuff and so me and my dad and My Roomba sister, whatever we go back there and fish with worms and stuff and caught caught my first catfish. It was around four pounds when I was about four years old. And yeah, my dad took it and we had it for dinner that night. But but but yeah, we, you know, we pretty much We I Wouldn't fishing all the time but you know, I'd fish, you know every now and then then when my parents divorced and my dad remarried my stepmom we were living in Franklin Kentucky there for a while and we're living like in the middle of town we were like a block away from the courthouse from the square so You know, there wasn't a whole lot of waters around there, but just outside of town. There was a little pale ache and so we would go there quite a bit and catfish and stuff and you know stay in it and then my dad bought a boat when I was a teenager with fish, but be a good long story short, I guess Adam made it a long story. But you know did a lot of live bait fishing growing up when I was Say what long after I got married. I was probably 24, I guess that's where I had to go to night shift. I was on night shift and me and a buddy carpooled together, but I actually met him after I went to night shift and we live close together. We start a car pulling together, you know, we got to talking about fishing and stuff and he was a big bass fisherman. He had a boat. Boat and everything and you know, he, you know one Friday morning. We got off work, you know, that's our weekend. Both of our wives were at work for Friday during the day in and we he's like, let's go fishing. I was like, yeah, let's go and I didn't have a truck at the time. I don't believe know I was driving a car at the time and He didn't have a truck. They used his wife's SUV to pull the boat while she was gone at work. So didn't have that. So he invited another guy that he knew to come who had a truck and we went out to Tim's Ford Lake and you know, they were bass fishing and I was trying to bass fish. I never done it before with artificial lures and I didn't catch anything, but I was like, it's cool. And you know, I just kind of Grew From that I started working with this other guy and you know got to talk to him about fishing and that's when I really started trying trying it out and getting into it and yeah just grew from that. I probably is probably like a whole year for longer before I actually caught a fish are caught a bass, but you know, I was giving it But try you but give up that original buddy. That's got a bow. He had kayaks to and I like he says something to me before like we should take the kayaks out sometime and at the time I was like, why would you want to take kayaks and you have a boat? Why would we go out? And do you know physical labor to get around when you got a boat where we can just go and you know, he kept saying something to me about it. And finally I was like, you know what? All right, I'll go but we never did end up going. Wish we would have ended up going then because I probably would have fell in love with it the way I did way I have now but I actually didn't get into it till you know, it's been about almost two years now that I've been in a kayak, you know bunch of work buddies kind of got into it and invited me out one day. We went out so I use my buddies wife's kayak and you know, I loved it and and he had the same kayak. He's a bigger news like 6-2 6-3 real tall dude in a little 10-foot Pelican and he wasn't very comfortable. So he wanted to upgrade his head only had that Pelican about a month. So I ended up buying it from him so he could buy something bigger. Yeah just went from there. yeah I think that's that's kind of how I got started with the kayaks I kept thinking you know I really liked going out of my father-in-law's boat but just you know it should only work out that we'd only get to go a few times and I'm like man I got to do something to get out on the water and I know I can't swing a boat so the kayak just made sense and I'm so glad I did I telling you guys yesterday I look back now and I mean I grew up a half mile from the river where I lived when I was young and I just look back now at how many years if I could have started fishing back then who knows I'm good I do now but and I know a lot of people who did and they are good fisherman now but like I said I feel like I'm making up for lost time but I definitely fell in love with fishing from a kayak it's just something different about being that close to the water and and it just feels like you're earning it more than if you're on a boat to me but Yes, it is. Definitely awesome. I love kayak fishing. You know, I'll still get in the boat every now and then, you know, my dad's gotta get a trident aluminum bolt that I'll go out with him on every now and then of went out a few times over the over the winter, you know, just because it's a little easier to get out on that then it is a kayak dripping water on you from the paddle and stuff but Yeah, I love them kayak. I do get to go every once in a while every summer we go down with my in-laws usually to Bethany Beach area will go to like the inlet down there. So I've done some flounder fishing and stuff down there last last year was the first year. I really did. Well at that I you know, I read up on it did some more research before I went down and last year. We actually crushed a might let you know. I'd prior to last year. I'd never call to keep her flounder and last year I called for on our trip. So I was you know psyched for Keepers. Plus, I don't even know how many you know that we got just threw back. But yeah, it was fun. So they I'm not going to turn down any kind of fishing. Yeah, I'll fill you in in day out on the waters. Good day, right? Absolutely Carlos what you're fishing for that. Hey, I was actually wanting to try that magnificent just to see what I come. You don't know like heavy-duty Magneto out there. See what I come up with until I heard that story about out actually I think it was just the other day I heard it somebody pulled up a live grenade oh my gosh I was like I don't know if I want to try this like wasn't safe to transport it so they had to make sure the area was clean or clear I guess there is like a open area where the one know like maybe grass or something Go ahead pull the pin throw and bed. That's crazy reminds me of when I went to here is open watery. No, no, go ahead. Go ahead. I can say I went to a Heroes on the water event up in Harrisburg and up in Harrisburg. There's like Bridges everywhere. There's one stretch of river was like five bridges in a row. And so I they're like I'll just go paddle around a little bit check out the area. So I'm paddling around and under this one bridge. I found a bike when I went like 20 feet. I found a scooter. I wasn't 20 more feet. There's golf clubs. I think people steal stuff and then just run across the bridge and Chuck it if they think they're going to get caught because there so much crap right on that bridge and it looks like a nice bike and a nice shooter so just take it home no I was like am I gonna get that bike up on my kayak so I left the town it was like 2 feet of water so I could have had it if I wanted it it is kind of weird that you say that because one of the videos I watched that kind of made me think about wanting to get into the magnet fishing dude pulled like a like a scooter out of the water with one of those I'm here the interesting some of the things you can pull out of there man. Yeah, I mean probably mostly just going to be like Hooks and stuff like that. But every now and then you're probably going to find some cool. Oh, yeah, so I thought about it, you know just tied them to your kayak throw them out and just go along fishing and you know every now and then check and see if they got anything on them the warmth it probably sounds better than it really be a probably get caught up on everything under there and hang you up and then you get go back and untangling. I might invest in one eventually probably fun all right man we'll get anything else to add for wrap it up dude I think we're good for tonight man but I just wanted to say thanks again man and I'm looking forward to lots of more conversations and learning the tone so appreciate the opportunity given I think it's going to be good having you all here you know you sound like the perfect candidate you know you've been fishing for a little bit but you know you've had your struggles just like I have and a lot of Of the listeners of the segment have so I think you're going to be really relatable to everybody and so it I think it's going to be going to be pretty cool. I'm excited to see you know, how the what the future has in store for bass fishing for noobs. Awesome, dude. Well, one thing we will have to talk about is our outro because you know, I've been catching a little bit of hell, but about the alt Rock came up with well the feel the Bern thing, I think you like it. Well, I think about like maybe like when you get burned come here to learn there you go. That's a little better. That sounds a little better. It's not doesn't sound quite so much like the presidential candidate. Well, you know since this is your first episode you want to have the honor of taking us out there. All right. So what is it? It's when you when you get burned. Yeah. Well here to learn. Yeah. All right. All right. All right, let's go. Alright, so thank you guys for tuning into the best and fishing for noobs podcast and hey when? You get burned come here to learn later, buddy. All right. Thanks man. Go check out the website guys paddle the letter N in fin.com. Also check out YouTube youtube.com forward slash paddle and Finn. If you got a question comment want to hear from a future guests. Feel free to email us at paddle the letter N in fin at gmail.com. Don't forget to follow us on social media. We're doing giveaways announcements things like that at Facebook and Instagram. Paddle and thin shout out to our show supporters rock down Adventures leveling canoe and kayak hammered lures fish mob lures TRC covers catch products. Go to catch products.com. You could put the paddle in fin logo right on your catch board. Don't forget to go over and pick up your jig Masters jigs use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20% today. Don't forget to rate and review the podcast on whatever platform. Form your listening to it helps grow the audience helps others find our podcast. So please drop a 5-star rating in on the podcast platform. You're listening on don't forget about the Recycled Plastics program. You guys take your used plastic baits put them in an envelope and mail them to the address in the show. Notes are man Eric Richards at hammered lures melts toes down makes new baits and donate some to various chapters of Heroes on the water.