Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have to put in a plug for something really important you may or may not know of a man named Ryan Skinner. Ryan Skinner is a long-term Skinwalker Ranch researcher and while he was at a UFO conference talking about Skinwalker Ranch and you a peas and and a tip and all sap, he came home to his house on fire. He lost everything his house is gone. All of his possessions is closed everything everything in the world. He owned was in that house and that was all gone and he's homeless, unfortunately, he did not have insurance. I don't know if he was renting or what the situation there and that's really not important. What's important. Is that if you Value Skinwalker Ranch and if you if you're interested in the subject that you consider donating to his GoFundMe, so there will be a link at the bottom of the show notes where you can support that anything you feel you can give would greatly help. This guy. He's done so much for the UFO Skinwalker Community throughout his long time research and he's really helped us kind of get to the bottom of the truth. And I think you'll probably be seeing him around a lot more. I think he's really made a name for himself and he might even be on TV soon. Who knows but regardless it's a good thing to do to help support the community. So once again, please go check out the GoFundMe link that I will put in the show notes of this episode and many others after this and help support Ryan Skinner. So back to the show. This episode will be all about the coronavirus. I'm sure you've heard about the coronavirus and how it started in China and has since swept about 60 countries on Earth including the United States. So the real question Is is what is going on with the coronavirus? Where did it start? How bad will it get and those are some of the topics we dive into full disclosure we go a little doomsday preppers, you know not to alarm anybody but we just feel it's a good idea to have a certain amount of stuff on hand to help ease the pain of any kind of incident whether it's man-made natural whatever so we dive into that and what that might look like for you so Yeah, I hope you guys enjoy the episode and thanks for listening. All right. So we're talking about coronavirus today. So yeah, it's a bio weapon. Obviously. Yeah, I know I struggle to see how anybody could not think that it's a bioweapon at this point or if it's not a bio weapon, then it was something in a lab and they were doing research like they usually do and then somebody left the door open. It just walked out well, so that happened in America a while back to I'd have to Google to find it, but they found like a vial of smallpox. Like a janitor closet. I mean that's like one broomstick falling down from wiping out, you know, the whole town that was in so shit happens. I mean, we can't like rule out shit happens man died. I just struggle to believe that People ate bats and now it's the apocalypse. Yeah. Yeah, they eat so much weird shit. I saw a video the other day a guy was in the market. He took a bullfrog alive and just bit his head off and it was just that was just the thing that they were doing in its disgusting. But the fact that it created they created the virus in a lab in Wuhan and then this all happened it's a its umbrella core. Yeah. It's umbrella. Did you see that? Mimi was going? Yeah. Yeah Wuhan is Raccoon City from Yeah, when I think that's the big one too that the god the mainstream media in America is just so worthless because even if you don't buy into the conspiracy angle, how can you not run the story that hmm this city where this all started in China just open a new, you know disease Research Center in like 2017 2018 and the main doctor that ran the place specialized in diseases that go from animals to humans Coronavirus. Dudley this particular strain crossed over from presumably bats that also just happens to be something that's on this guy's resume here just a couple years later. So and then you got to figure the reaction to so like How did how bad did they know this was going to be and when did they know it? So if somebody left the door open so to speak at the lab and then told somebody and went oh shit, I would think the military could show up a lot quicker than hmm. There's a lot of people getting sick today that would take I would think months for there to be a reaction is big is what there was. So to me it just screams. It was in a lab and the Chinese government's never going to admit that held the American government would never It meant that if that's what happened. Yeah, the only things that Chinese do well is lie and kill people, you know, they have concentration camps where they keep the Muslims and the Christians and things out in the boonies. They just drag people away the middle of the night, you know it sinless and in China people don't know and often forget that they killed 60 million Chinese people, you know post World War Two and the whole effort was to bring people away from the farms and Rural Life. Life to develop cities overnight put them in factories and industries and turn China into a manufacturing Powerhouse and they wanted to do it within one generation and they did but the side effect of that is now that they took everyone away from the Farms everyone starve to death and that's how 60 million people were killed by Mao Zedong and people always talk about Hitler right 6 million people, right? Yeah 6 million is nothing compared to 60 million that you starved to death of your own population. The Chinese will do literally anything they need to do in order to maintain control in order to fulfill their promises to their own political party. So if you take that in context the Chinese people have a terrible issue with their economics right now because they got way too many old people and not enough young people. So the old people are living forever because they're Chinese and that's just what happens and they don't have enough young people coming in in the pipeline to fill the money coffers to take her the old people. So what better way hey, could you fix your problems by having a bio weapon released into the Chinese population that specifically targets the older population kids get it I guess but they don't get it nearly as much and they don't get it nearly as bad. It's the old people, you know, if you watch Instagram there's a Brian covid. He is the guy who crowdfunded the border wall is the Air Force better and I think leg lifts and it's that guy he's been posting LiveLeak videos all the time and in China they take videos in the Chinese police. Up in hazmat suits and they just drag people away like healthy-looking people and they just beat down the doors. They break them without sledgehammers and they just dragged boy presumably to the hospital. Right? But, you know, you never really know where they really taking those people are is they're they're basically sentence sentencing them to death essentially, right? Yeah, they're not a compassionate government. And so you have to figure even in any medical practice, there's triage. So that's going to mean who Has the best chance to Survive who's the most wounded who's the most useful in the emergency situation? Right? That's the order that it goes in. So if you're the ruthless Chinese government and you have an old people problem or a sick people problem, you know what you do? Yeah, the absolutely in Phase 2 of that, right? So let's just say it's a bioweapon. They created it and it targets the old people it fixes their economic problems long-term because they got rid of the one child policy. Now you can have two kids. So now you have two kids we don't have the old people like we used to have side note. All of the vaccines are made in China. So America is up shits Creek because once it comes here, and it sounds like it's going to be inevitable by the cdc's. Own language, we don't have anything to do vaccine wise to combat. This one. There is no cure. There is no vaccine. We don't have the ability to develop it in a timely manner. The earliest I heard was like November right and then we don't have the ability to manufacture it because everything is outsourced. So the Chinese virus was created kills their own people fixes their economy while simultaneously taking hours near the Dow Jones is down like 13 points. It's the lowest single week since 2008, which is a That's a big damn deal. Yeah, so really all the boxes are being checked for China right now, you know and if it's a coincidence, it's a hell of a coincidence. Yeah. Well in the words of what's his name Rahm Emmanuel Wright never let a good crisis go to waste so could still have been an accident but it happened to might as well use it. Yeah, and you know, they they keep talking about this thing. Like it's kind of like the end of the world. But if you look at the data, yeah, it's not really that much worse than the than the flu. So why is this getting so much attention and I kind of have to wonder so let's go deep state conspiracy right in percent. So deep state conspiracy Epstein didn't kill himself, by the way. So you have a you know, all the big major media outlets in the freaking out about this. Why do they not talk about like the common cold and the flu and the same terminology and in same fear level when that obviously kills more people. Why was SARS? Almost the thing that's unheard of in America, even though it killed like a lot of people, you know throughout the Middle East and Asia, right? So, why is it this one? Is it because we have Donald Trump and office is that really what it is? And I think there's a very good argument to say that that's the case because it just there's so many threads you could spend off on this one. So the very first thing I said when we started this was the media is dead because even if it's not a conspiracy, I don't know how you don't run the story. about the city where this all started has a new lab with a new doctor who just happens to be in this world of this kind of virus and you never see that story anywhere in fact, so nowhere that you had to go digging through like old newspaper articles to find it and so it goes from there and then it comes over here in there already, you know freaking out, you know, California in particular said they want to test like some 8,000 people there waiting on tests yada yada yada, then there's a story, you know, they're hanging out hanging the White House out to dry on this one, but I kind of seem to have read that sounded like the White House said we want these people on separate planes and then somebody underneath that the Deep State said no, let's put them all on the same plane, right? So where did all the people on the plane go apparently most of were cleared or whatever but it's just one of those little details that's like so I mean what really happened and where did it go? And so if I mean nobody in America has died and I think there's only 60 people I think confirmed cases and they're all like in super secure locked up facilities. So why is it becoming such a big deal before anything has really become a big deal. That's that's I guess the thing that would make me wonder and if you just look at it politically what Outlets is it that's running these stories. It's kind of all the fake news type ones. You would expect to be running those stories. It's you know, Nancy Pelosi the New York Times headline and opinion piece saying we should call it the Trump virus and it's like this has nothing to do with any of that. Yeah, it seems to be a lot of political posturing going along with it. But what's interesting is it does seem to be a legit disease, right? So I was watching the news in the Iranian Deputy Minister for health was on live television giving a speech in his little guy next to him was sweating bullets looking like total dog shit come to find out he's got virus. So the pope was giving a mass to people who have the liars and he is sick right now. They're not saying If it's the coronavirus, but I mean a plus b equals c it kind of looks like the pope has the damn coronavirus right now, which that's kind of a big deal. So it's it's taking out public figures which is unusual especially interesting in the Iran case because it's not just the there's a couple of them in Iran. Now, how did these high government guys why them it just you just can't make this shit up. It's like straight out of a Tom Clancy book. So I also wonder so let's just say it's not Chinese. He's let's say it's an American virus. Let's say Trump is the queuing on 40 Chessmaster right got his eye set on Iran. Got as I said in China basically The New American Century. We're taking over the world again. We're making America great and keeping America great. So he has a virus that somehow gets released and let's just say he did it for argument's sake sure so you take out China, right? He bring them to their knees you take out our In yeah, how are they spreading this virus? Like it seems kind of random. But then again, you know, if you take you take out our and you take out China where there was a two or Trump's biggest enemies right now and America seems to be pretty well untouched for the moment, right? But then again the Deep State comes in. Okay, it's time to freak out, you know freaked out about what exactly I don't know because so far. It's nothing to freak out about here. It's the speculative thing, you know the stock market this ridiculous reaction. It's like What you see before the president gets elected. So what was it when they think in the last debate there was one enough of this election cycle, but the last one where burn he's doing really good. It's the stock reacts by Tank in because you know, the big money doesn't want to socialist run and I think we're kind of that might be playing a hand in the same thing is that you know, one of the biggest parties in America is going to potentially put up a candidate whether it's Sanders or warn whoever that's advocating for the Mass destruction of you know private money and people aren't going to like that. So you're going to see a lot of the money leave the market and it's going to be blamed on coronavirus plus you have the whole we didn't really fix any of the problems that happened in the last economic crash, right? We just kind of helicopter money bailouts all the same things are happening again. And so that's coronavirus this time. It's the ultimate like narcissism of government to say that well, it's nothing that we've done wrong. It must Be this other things fault. Yeah. So back to the China did it China has been the biggest buyer of gold in the world for eyeglass a while decade. So if people are pulling the money away from the US dollar because the u.s. Dollar is crashing. Well, they're going to go to gold and then again China stands to benefit if that happens say the whole world freaks out and they go to Gold will guess who's sitting pretty China because guess who doesn't have any more gold America, you know, that's a that's better. A big issue for a long time so yet one more box check for China did it and that on that central banks, right? So there's an article talking about Central bank's they're basically foaming at the mouth to helicopter money all over the place coming sounds like Sunday there. Yeah and print money, you know, so it's a wet dream for the globalists is what it runs every single War we've been in is all about the money. It's not about oil per se it's about how oil is traded, you know, and it all has to do with sin. Banks in China doesn't play the Central Banking game. Iran doesn't play the Central Banking game and Russia doesn't play the Central Banking game been really quiet about Russia though. You don't hear anything about coronavirus it Russia at the moment, but there's only a couple countries on the earth that I think that can go full lockdown mode and defend themselves in a true fashion and it's probably China like North Korea and Russia sure, you know, what's interesting is that the homogeneous culture is allow for that? Yeah. That's why we're fucked absent that Evans yeah, because that's I think is the other one that's missing here is you know set the conspiracy step aside China might be the best place for this kind of thing to happen because of their absolute nature, right because they're willing to say hey you're quarantined to this town and we're going to shoot you if you try to leave I guarantee you if they come to Texas Arkansas or whatever and they're like you guys aren't leaving this town half. The population of that town is going to be like, fuck you military. You're done. Yep, and then at Wars probably not going to last that long. Unless they started bombing each other which at that point. Maybe it really is the apocalypse. Yeah, and that's why we're fucking exactly that reason, you know Americans have such a rebellious spirit that even if it literally Saves the World fuck you I won't do what you tell me put on some Rage Against the Machine. It's going down. What's funny is I will probably be one of them. Hopefully, we're absolutely guilty. I'm guilty as Sin on that deal, you know a bunch of guys in mopp suits show up and you know quarantine the city will guess what we'll see about that. But yeah, it's crazy. You know, it makes me wonder like let's just say that it does happen in America because the language that you know, the feds are using is making it sound like it's a done deal. What happens right? What does that look like? So the economy is already taking there's only 63 cases in America. They're talking about shortages of medicine already shutting down schools shutting down schools. My company has banned international travel for all of their employees. And I work for one of the biggest companies in the world. And what does that look like? So let's just say it hits that one patient zero in California who they have. No idea how he contracted the disease. So what happens when the homeless guys get it? Oh man, and then they start shitting all over the fucking sidewalks in San Diego, you know, and let's just say the dogs come they eat the shit, you know now go dogs habit. So did you see today in the news? I think it was in China even in owner who got promoted virus their dog has it now. So that shows that it that was one of the big fears originally is that if it came from animals jumped to humans, what if it mutates again and can jump back into other animals? Well now potentially it can jump from the dog to somebody else and yet another iteration. So, you know, it's like the flu shot has three strains of the flu and they guess as to which three they think will be prevalent in any given region and then that's the flu shot you go get so coronavirus if it's not just going From me to you but it's coming from the dog. And from the cat. Which one do you pick? What are you actually making the vaccine against right? Because you can't vaccinate against the common cold, right? Because there's so many ridiculous strains of it. It would just be a futile effort. Yeah. So if it's now like you get coronavirus you go home and you get better but you got your dog sick and then now it jumps back into you is some I mean just yeah fifteen percent of the people who have the coronavirus and get over it get reinfected randomly. Why not because they get re-exposed to someone else it just it lays dormant. So it was like a 21-day or 20 a day incubation period so you just infect everybody then you're sick for like three weeks and then you're good for two weeks and then you get it back again 15% of the time and I've heard stories that of those 15 like it's definitely if you get it that second time like you just you're just dead. Well, there's things that people don't even realize to even like strep throat, and I don't know things. Bronchitis or whatever bacterial type stuff your toothbrush, right you get up in the morning and you brush your teeth brush your teeth. And then you know your sake you're still brushing your teeth. You get better same toothbrush. Yep. And so you end up getting sick a couple weeks later because it's little things like that that you don't think about me you might be washing your hands but using the same toothbrush. Maybe you sneezed and some got on your hairbrush. Yes, you're surrounded by so much. It's it's mm especially if they say that this coronavirus can live for what was like a couple weeks on a hard surface. I mean, so how How much stuff is getting shipped from China how longs it take the boats to get here all of them when you guys touch those boxes when they're unloaded them into trucks? Yeah, where those trucks go. I mean it's probably already here and it just maybe haven't seen any yet. Yeah, and that's what sucks is because that's why we're so fucked up because we're not independent and everything comes from China. So if the Chinese are sick will then we're just going to get sick too. And I wonder what that looks like long term for America. So let's just say Mass pandemic America, like what? Look, like it looks like a zombie survival movie is what it looks like in America. It does because we got three days worth of food and a grocery store and then we're done. So if the truck driver has coronavirus or if the truck driver is too scared to deliver it because he's worried about Contracting coronavirus, you know, so it's just a chain reaction at a certain point everything just implodes. Oh, absolutely I even have this conversation with coworkers today. It was like, so we all work here and you know we Get called on our days off to go back in and do stuff. Well, now let's say that there's coronavirus in the factory but they've got this really important thing that they got to get finished in the gutter shipped. Well, I don't want to go to work because you got coronavirus. Well, okay, you lose your job. Okay. I don't have a job how to pay for my house. Right? How do I pay for this how to pay for that? So how far do the me or you or anybody listening, you know, especially if you're a parent how much risk are you willing to put yourself in when it comes to going about your job or whatever? Before you just like fucking stay home and that point when you say fuck it. I'm just going to stay home. Well, then what because now your cash flow stopped? So how much stuff can you squat on and stay put and be comfortable and how you know, that's a that's a big one that I don't think a lot of people are ready to confront because we've we've shamed the idea of prepper into retardedness when really it's just practical preparedness. I mean try not to have a shitload of debt be on good terms with your mom and dad your grandparents so that you have somewhere else you can easily go. You need to write or people that can help you out. I don't know. Yeah, you know prepper today is what our grandparents and great grandparents used to just call Life. Yeah, right Cannon. So how much can I possibly have on stock? You know, that's just how it was, you know, it wasn't because they thought the Doomsday was going to come necessarily the zombie apocalypse. It's because okay, we don't have electricity. We don't have combines, right? It might not rain next summer. So what can I stalk away now? It how much of that will last me through an entire year if it needs to you know, how do I make that do and that has always been statistically the way humans have viewed things and it's recent. Yeah, and it's only since post-world War II that that has changed right when the Industrial Revolution happened in World War Two happen and then the explosion and mass Market production of food, right? So we didn't even have really like canned goods with barcodes until I'm 18. Nine or 1950 and we take it all for granted and we just like go. Let's go the grocery store. Okay. Well where we live tornadoes or thing and if there is going to be a tornado within a couple of hours good luck going to the grocery store and picking up things you're going to need right if there's going to be a massive snowstorm. Good luck going and finding milk eggs break. Jeez. It's just gone. Oh and people are so reactionary. Like I remember this really well this Was I don't know four or five years ago and we're right smack dab in the middle of Tornado Alley and the News was every year they get a little bit more sensationalist. So they they they were terrible just over the freaking weather. So they were building up this thunderstorm for a couple days in advance. Oh my gosh, there's going to be a high likelihood of 2000 unsurvivable. Yeah, and they do that all the time and it's to the point where used to it, you know the joke about people in the midwest as you know, we're just going to stand on the porch and watch it's kind of true but kind of not but anyway, so they Broadcasting for day is that Storm of the Century Storm of the Century and so I was coming home from work and apparently everybody else decided to leave that day two at the same time because everybody wants to get in there eight hours and they you know, they want to leave so the highways I usually takes me about 20 minutes to get home. It took me an hour and a half my usual 20-minute drive to get home that day. And so it was like and for the record raise this is like 12 miles. Yeah, and there was no tornado interrupting no tornado. Well, it rained a little bit of Thunder with the end. So the thing that was enlightening there was you saw how reactionary people were to this what really should have just been a common sense kind of thing. And you live in Tornado Alley like, you know what to do with weather's bad, but apparently not everybody just panics and goes retarded and so some of that's on the news because there were so many more people on the highway now at the certain time that if you're stuck out there you're for sure did I mean it's worse to do that than it is to go right panic and that's going to be how this whole you know, the Armageddon scenario is If you're thinking you can do it to the last minute because you don't want to spend a hundred bucks an hour or whatever. You're going to be hosed because especially if it is genuinely bad like you're talking like societal breakdown. Yeah, there's going to be people with guns at the grocery store fighting over that can of green beans. Yeah. No, absolutely. So if you're listening to this I challenge you to do something soon. As you hear this go out go to the grocery store go to your Walgreens or CVS your Costco or Sam's Club. Look for surgical masks and look for like latex or nitrile gloves. Just just as an experiment, you know, just see I bet you money. You won't find very many if you find any it might be like one or two boxes and that's it. If you're lucky look online. Look on Amazon right now. Look at Walmart right now gone. You can't get them. It's already too late another good place to try and look for stuff. Like that would be like Home Depot and Lowe's You can go look for stuff. Like yeah, we'll paint stuff like that. Yeah little off the wall place people. Are me a better be Navy Surplus. If you got one of those around the Surplus Kim stuff, there's still some of that around so, you know being in the military they kind of instill a certain amount of preparedness in to you. So that's 90% of everything we do is just planning for things, right so you can't help but carry that over into your civilian life and so in this situation the best thing you could possibly do is have the ability to hunker down in your own home. For two months, right maybe even longer but let's just say for argument's purposes two months. The thing runs its course through your city and then it's gone and then as more or less safe to come out of house at 2 months probably longer, but we'll just say two months at a bare minimum. So what does two months look like so human needs 1,500 calories a day right to survive, you know an adult that's not much really because you're still probably To be hungry for a lot of us. Yeah, you'll live but it's not ideal. So 1500 calories for reference that's three cans of chili, you know per day per person, right? So three months so you're talking 12 weeks, you know, so 12 weeks three cans of chili per day. That's how many you would need. That's a lot of cans of chili, you know, if you're eating nothing, but chilly and that's For reference. So obviously you would want to have a lot of variety in your diet. You don't want to just eat cans of chili if Chili's all you got will Chile will do because that's protein fat and carbs, right? And that's what you need. You know, and I have we have a friend that's like, oh all this bunch of rice. You're not going to eat rice for three months, bro you yes, you will survive it, but you will be miserable not pasty skin. You look terrible. You will shit yourself to death before the coronavirus hit. You like don't do that to yourself. Go to the store. I think I really honestly do think that everybody should have at least a month's food supply at any given time. Yeah, you know, I think the month of food for sure because honestly, it's not that hard. It's like yeah save up and do an extra grocery trip one month done. Yeah, and then the other one is I would put back to like the finance thing. I've always kind of Gone by you should be able to make your house payment for three months minimum and all times like you can let your Electricity get turned off you can let them turn the water off you can get away from that for a short period of time but you know, no one was your house or some stupid shit, but back to the military point. So we talked about China being able to have this massive rapid response. So one of the great conspiracies of all time has been how would they enact that? You know, how do they take the entire United States and turn it into hueco, right? Like what would be the the premise for that? How would they be able to excuse that well in my mind? It's something like this Mass pandemic because it is kind of hard to logically argue with. That you know in the sense that will this town is infected and you're stuck in this town but this town is safe. We don't want it going over here because there's 10 million more people that right now we're fine if 10 people go over there those 10 million people are gone. So we got to put a tank on the highway and say no like something is terrible is that is and I'm absolutely going to be the guy like, I'm gonna blow up that tank. I don't know is that how they do it. Is that a yes martial law in the United States becomes practical. That's how they want to do it, but think of it in terms of like this. So I was in Iraq in 2010. So 2010 the war had already been going on for three years and in three year a seven-year, sorry for seven years and in seven years with 500,000 boots on the ground. We could not take over Iraq and create that scenario. Right? So Iraq has the population the size of Kansas, right? So what are we gonna do with for 500,000 troops the world's best military? Anything you want at your disposable any amount of money you want to throw it a problem. We can't subdue Iraq, which is 8 million people. What are we going to do for 300 million people with one of the biggest continents on the planet and there are more guns than people in that country. Yeah, and about half of those people own two-thirds of all those guns. So yeah, so yeah. Sure Washington DC. That's a gimme sure quarantine walls borders West Coast will fall. Yep. So, yeah, Physically impossible to Institute the martial law, like people think Alex Jones style. You would have to go airplanes really really quick. And then the problem with that would be you're still asking the guy in the airplane or the guy on the ground to do that. Right? There's going to be a significant amount of those guys that when it gets to that level or that like yeah fucking I'm going home like Hurricane Katrina is a good example of that because we're all the police officers. Yeah at some point that guy said fuck it. My family is more important in these assholes out here. I don't care about your TV. Sorry. Yep. And that's that's rational. So the only martial law thing would be the assumption that the airplanes are all going to because I see politicians say this all the time famously. Eric's wall will say. Oh, well, the US government has nukes. Well, you're asking them to actually launch him which I think is out of a stretch and then even Joe Biden recently said you're not going to fight against the American Military they got planes and tanks. It's like Vietnam vet and it's like Afghanistan, you know is is a young male. I met a lot of those guys that are associated with those planes and tanks and Yeah, Joe. I don't know how many of those guys are actually on your team there. Yeah, almost none of them. So yeah, I just reject that whole scenario. I really do if it does happen to be such a short lived thing because those guys have families, right? Yeah, you're gonna quit showing up to work, you know, if anything would be the cops up front. So the cops might harass people but you know, we live in a Metro metropolitan area of 400,000 people. There's just not enough cops know, you know, and guess what they live locally, you know, right we know who they are. If they're going to try to step up and pull some bullshit, they're going to realize real quick that when they go home, they might have some visitors and guess what? I'm probably not going to go back to work the next day and that's exactly how that's going to go down. And so any military martial law thing just is Not Practical. It's not feasible. It's going to be more of an anarchy thing, you know, because those guys are going to wise up and stay home too, right, you know, and so staying home I think is really the key. And in order to do that in order to do that, successfully you need to have a lot of food. You need to have 1500 calories per day per person of a wide variety of things. You need a fruits vegetables Meats starches and fats. So beans rice olive oil tons of canned Frozen pickled vegetables and meats and fruits, right? Your fruits can be canned your fruit. You fruits can be I'd your vegetables can be can they can be frozen they can be fresh. Your meats can be frozen. They can be canned they can be refrigerated. What have you the power is not going to go off. Right? So we're not going to run out of electricity. The water is probably not going to go off. The power is pretty much automatic unless the nuclear reactors melt down, which is unlikely the water is more likely to go off than the power because it takes a lot of them into run water plants and they can fail very quickly because they were all built 60 75 years ago and our infrastructure in America is dog shit. So yeah have some bottled water on hand have a water filter right think of ways that maybe you can get water. Do you have a will well, then, you know pump water out of your sprinkler, you know and feel some buckets. But yeah, if that ever happens here in America, that's how you do it. So protein fats starches sugars Meats vegetables nuts peanut butters things like that. It's all shelf-stable spin. Extra five hundred dollars this month by it and don't buy a bunch of crap. You're never going to eat by things you would eat normally, right and then rotate through those stock supplies, right? So every week, okay, I need 12 more cans of vegetables of these six variety because I use two of each of them and just keep them fresh and just rotate it like you would on a store shelf, you know, put the newest thing in the back eat the oldest thing first, and if you do that, it's a one time investment and then it's just a normal grocery. Trip after that right? It's easy. But coronavirus is totally a weapon. Yep. Jack hams did it? With that said I think we've beat this one the desk so that's a good place to end it but no seriously you guys. If it's not the coronavirus at something right because it was zika. It was Ebola. It's going to happen on a long enough time span a massive earthquake that splits it in half. Yeah a long enough time span that probability of you surviving is zero, you know, it's a it's classic Fight Club quote. So think about what we've said, you don't have to go spend a million dollars just do it slowly right? So by an extra couple cans a couple cases a couple things hamburger thousand rounds of ammo that wasn't rounds of ammo, you know buy you a An AK-47 buy you an AR-15 if you know if you're old enough whatever. It's just common sense. I totally need a dog. Thanks for listening to another episode of Skinwalker radio. We have a lot of fun bringing you guys this program. It's something we're really passionate about and I know you guys are too so let us know how we're doing leave us a review on Apple Google Spotify anywhere you listening give us five stars. If you like the show, if you want to leave a written review that would help a lot that will help us reach new people who might be interested in the show which helps us land awesome guests that can bring really cool stories for you guys to listen to join us on. We have a Facebook page and we have a Facebook private group. That's also link to that page. I'll put all that stuff in the show notes. So it's easy for you guys to get a hold of us. You can also email us at Skinwalker radio at gmail.com and check out the website at www.seannal.com radio.com.