Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency? And how she got to the by in the first place and then she goes through the 10 step e-commerce blueprint program a program that she devised in order to help her clients launch e-commerce businesses. The blueprint that we're going to talk about today is part of a detailed online course devised by Julia and create a 971 Agency. For more information on the course had to T V Dot creative 9:7 one.com at Stevie dot creative nine seven one. Calm and let's get to it Julia. Thank you for coming in on the project a podcast. It's a real pleasure to have you here. And please tell us a little bit about yourself or something that we don't know. Hello, Mahmoud. Thank you so much for having me here something you don't know or something. A lot of people don't know. I used to be a active horse racing athlete in the endurance horse riding Sports. So that's something people don't really Or don't really look at when they're looking at a banking and finance history, which sounds a bit boring at first. So yeah, that's maybe something a bit. Was that here in Dubai or yeah, I've always been riding horses. But as in taking it a bit more professional was here in Dubai and I think all over it just taught me a lot in terms of being more but a patient following a route of a bit more. Yeah working through things rather than giving up think it was quite good. So tell us the story of how you got I got started with creative nine seven one. Sure. So basically my brother and I we started at 2016. We're looking at two like, you know, what the market offers we're looking at probably launching our own e-commerce and then you know the whole like research and thought process came through. My brother is an IT engineer from profession. My background is more the business side of things. And so we thought okay, let's combine something. Let's try something together. It naturally evolved like we had a couple of friends saying, okay guys, can you help Of us building our website Shopify obviously Shopify as a platform is founded by a German guy whose name is Toby littke. So he wanted to sell his snowboards and didn't know where to send them. So he made his own platform called it his own platform like around 12 years ago and we were wondering and of course following that story. So yeah and being German we thought okay, it's very weird why Shopify hasn't reached that much of a footstep here over in the UAE because a lot of things are very scalable very easy, especially in a like a mark. That where you have to be adaptive and yeah, so then we started off and everyone is telling us you guys are crazy. You cannot have an e-commerce agency that only focuses on Shopify, you know, there's so many other platforms. Why don't you look at diversifying your portfolio and we just believed in to going Niche going really into something that we believe in something that we have a passion for and something that we can identify with and like that that was key and that was actually what brought us there and carried us through the three years and yep. I think that was a key point of really like having that dedication. I would say it's not motivation only it's about like being dedicated throughout the process of course, and the region has seen its fair share of seeing the hyper growth in the e-commerce sector according to the 2019 Mena Venture investment report by magnet in 2019 alone. We've seen 704 million dollars in funding across most top startups and UAE accounted for 60% For the number of tiers, they recorded 564 deals e-commerce accounted for 11 percent and the second highest category across the number of deeds and out of all the startups in the region the fourth top funded startup in 2019 was iwork.com and with a 30 million dollar as fundraise. So what's your take on that? It's your take on. It's actually interesting. I mean if you look globally just those numbers are the numbers from the UAE or Middle East, but just to fill you in on some Shopify. Related numbers if you look at the time we started with Shopify was early 2016. We had around 200,000 plus minus merchants on the platform Shopify has now in 2019 actually last year, of course crossed a million merchants on the platform. So literally in just a couple of years they have like said X exponential growth, like honestly regionally or know, it's globally globally 1 million. Yeah, but even here originally like we have been growing the agency step-by-step. We're now at Around 14 employees. We've started out, you know, like with just a handful. So we've definitely been growing and seeing the growth what I can say to the numbers if you're looking at Amazon stepping over as well, like giving it a bit more relevant in terms of like Global Market and definitely known.com being a very strong player in the market. Like what we're seeing is people trying to compare prices, you know, like it's always been into a human nature to you know, get the best deal or understand like where can they get products they are? Probably not getting into the UAE or where can they find their products that they love from home or from the US and it's just been very difficult a couple of years ago and not many people have done the step of going online. If you haven't understood like or haven't felt safe. Let's say purchasing online if always thought I don't know or better. Let me go to the store. Let me call them or let me what's up them. But I think it kind of showed the trend if you looking globally of digitalization because it just allows more data collection. It allows more. Let's say user-generated content and that's what it's about. Like. I don't know in probably if you open your phone you have another ten messages about Dubai shopping festival and here and whatever happens. Yeah, I guess like 15 text today. I mean, sometimes it's good to be honest. If it's if it's exactly what your needs are and if you want to hear about it, it's very powerful. But if it's just random or like sometimes I'm getting SMS at like yeah targeting me dear, sir. Okay. First of all, I'm not a sir so I know. Just something random and you feel so like used and someone wants to sell something to you and that really never works. So I think those numbers prove themselves because it just shows globally a success. Absolutely. And then when it comes with the success people start, you know entrepreneurs and people who are seeking opportunities to make more money would think they want to get in so I'm a bit the website. I'm going to do it all by myself. It's super easy. And we're just gonna we're just going to go. Do you see this happen across with your clients or actually, yeah. I mean I'd say there's of course different entry points of clients. There is companies that understand where they have to go next and they are probably having more of a structure like Erp CRM systems that they have to get in place and in order so for them, it's probably a bit more complex in terms of technical requirements in terms of people having let's say their dream come true and you too. Using the digital world to really step into the market and be a powerful like Avec. As you mentioned probably be a powerful player in the world or in our region and trying to be more and more raising more and more awareness what people forget is usually that sense of okay, everything is easy and super fast. So if everything would be easy and super fast every one of us would probably be the happiest and richest person in the world, but that's not reality. So that's unfortunate because what we are trying to to educate or trying to bring a bit more forward as a thought leadership is a lot of businesses from a company set up point the they start this maybe succeed over the first year or the first let's say two years and then like 70 80 % closed down their business due to several reasons. You can be cash flow issues. You can probably not having done the right market research. So I think setting expectations right or understanding what they're entering what type of business or what type of it's a product. Or what type of requirements are given when you go into an e-commerce business. It just needs to be clear before let's say burning fingers or going down failures that could be avoided easily at the beginning and when it comes to setting up an e-commerce website, is there anything that people or companies need to consider? So there's obviously structural points like having your business license in place payment Gateway with delivery partner. Where do you store your items with? Is it a digital product? Do you even have to store products? Where do you account your inventory? There's a lot of points all over that. You have to consider from an operational side or from a structure side getting the business setup. But then of course when it comes to a website, it's more than just okay, I throw my products on the website and it's a yellow we sell now so it's more about understanding the message in the story that you want to tell and as I said in the beginning like also the reason why we started the business is just having the Men and really living with it rather than just seeing it. Okay. I'm just starting something to generate some extra money also and you put that all in into action and you've developed a 10-step e-commerce blueprint outlining step-by-step approach on how a company or an individual can set up an e-commerce business and create an online Shopify store. Correct. Please walk us through the 10 steps. Sure. So first of all, it's more of a reality mentorship. Graham it's not actually teaching you you have to click here. And then you add your product there. So those kind of position provide tutorials. You will find them even Shopify as Shopify help desk has a lot of information when it comes directly to technical information on the platform. The 10 step blueprint e-commerce blueprint is actually focusing on Regional Parts like localization because that's a huge key whenever or whoever wants to set up a business in the UAE localization localization localization because that equals trust that The network you can leverage on it just have so many points to actually get started so company set up. I think it's one of the biggest pain points that people usually tend to have here you just getting so much information. Let's say every other few weeks or months. There is new rules new announcements and you kind of never really knowing you know, what water am I ever in mi the right one or have to have to change so we give an app like a brief overview and in terms of e-commerce, what is what has to be thought through are you manufacturing products? It's probably a different license. Are you re selling them? I reselling them from the UAE or outside the country. So there's a lot of it's a different points that have to be looked at. So company setup is definitely one thing that the blueprint will cover predominantly as we've also partnered up with a partner there that can definitely help out as we are not legal advisors. We won't go into details, but definitely covering the main topics around e-commerce second step or next step would be a payments. Payment Gateway. There's also a lot of misconception out. It's just good to know what can sum payment gateways to over others what currencies to probably some favored over others or what? Let's say options to the provide in terms of on-page check out or off page checkout. So we have covered that entire part here as well delivery and Logistics which would be part number three. I think that's also a big pain point in terms of returns. And how do I get my package to the Murr let's say in time because it's a lot of times everything might be fine. And you might have the perfect e-commerce store, but your delivery partner. It's not delivery. So your customers actually not upset on the delivery partner, but when you as a business owner, so like those steps are let's say the most essential ones I would say, is there a different approval required for an e-commerce business license and it depends on if you're unsure like if you're in the mainland and depends on your activity, yeah. So the activity code is usually or needs to be like Digitalize or e-commerce, but there I know there's at the moment no such thing as of e-commerce tag or flag. If you're in a free zone, they do have any activities or certain exp, like e-commerce even named by name as an activity. So it really depends if you're the saying if you're manufacturing a water bottle as a manufacturer you are completely differently treated in terms of liability health and consumer rights and whatsoever, but But if you re selling the product and you're activating through an e-commerce license, as soon as you have that license, you can go and resell the products by getting an e-commerce trade license. I get the approval the government approval in a way to process online payments anything because it's an e-commerce not necessarily but what is interesting actually you're mentioning here because we work with the tra which is telecommunication regulatory Authority in terms of our mission. So to speak with them is boosting and Educating the e-commerce ecosystem in the UAE. So what do they do? They actually license your e-commerce business. So once your website is life, you submit that say your url your domain to them and they review the website and if they're happy with the terms and conditions and the way the website looks let's say like of course not offering any let's say like content that is against the rules and regulations. They approve and issue like sort of a no c4e activity and that's something very powerful in terms of trust. And then after that I get the approval for setting up a payment Gateway the payment Goodwill you would have to approach a third party company like either you are like you could deal with PayPal you could deal with checkout dot compe tabs pay for it. Tell her there's so many different payment gateways. Usually what we would do also in the or what is part of the blueprint. It's explaining which company would ideally be a fit for which type of industry or which type of customer or which type of business license as well as well as the Setting up a delivery route with or partnering up with a third-party delivery company, but it doesn't have different requirements. Is it what's what's the type of challenge that the company or the entrepreneur should expect it? Depends? What do they require? Let's say if you want to store your items. That's usually a big concern if someone is in a free zone and where do I store my items, right or how do I like how do I manage the delivery company to pick up my items for where to pick them up? So So there is companies that or that offer the like the storage of the items and then deployment why were mentioning those companies that we mentioned in the blueprint. It's because it's more dedicated to Shopify. So which ones are the one integrating into the platform? It's a your customer orders from the website, you would actually not have to do much other than approving the orders and the emails with a notification or went to pick up the products where through the delivery would go automatically so like that. A part of an automation that will help you as a business owner to focus on actually conducting your business rather than running behind orders or something, but definitely as a business you would have to get into one of the delivery Partners as well. You have to choose them you'd have to see which ones are making sense which ones are probably more suitable to your business because some of them let's say if you're selling furniture, you won't be able to get rmx for example, right or you won't be able to get certain like delivery Partners if you want to sell it. Permanently into Saudi it might make sense to look at Saudi suppliers rather than you would be surprised. So it really depends on on what your business focuses on but we're talking actually about always about examples like real life scenarios that we've seen on of course without naming names, but without actually pinpointing on someone but giving an inside of what our let's say the workaround solutions if in case the straight route doesn't work accounting and inventory would be step 4 now having v80 Entered in the UAE accounting and all over like trackability comes I would I need to account for a VT as a as a start-up because I think it would be if you're below the threshold you won't have to think it's 306. It's not 375 sir and Seventeen seventy six thousand a year. If you're below that I mean you won't have to I think you can register voluntarily or you can but you don't have to if you are registered or if you're doing more than the threshold. Amount you have to get a registration and in the platform or in Shopify, you can set the text regulation as per the country you're selling perfect an inventory as well from the FED does inventory counting on a very basic level. So let's say you can say I have a product count of 20 items and likes let's say the the inventory system in the website will count down until your products are sold out. So sorry, so sorry if I sell 20, then it will it will know that you know, there were 23 Action, correct? Yeah sold out. Yeah, and then you would know. Okay, like I'm looking at my stock or my inventory. I can see the stocks are running low on one product compared to another one. So maybe it makes sense to stock up more on that one because it was more in demand. So it will help you as well and reports to understand where to divert your focus or let's say which ones are the best selling products. Yeah, and then all over market research customer Behavior. I think those parts are I think we've discussed it briefly as well. Well, even from before we started the podcast those parts. I think our number one for anyone working or even getting into choosing products are looking into something even market-wise right? I can I can have the best product but if there is no demand for it it I won't probably succeed. I think culture influences customer Behavior. Yeah, and I think they go hand in hand, but customer Behavior we're talking as well about let's say the generation. Z or X are you know like different type of generations because let's say the older usually the older Generations we have the more they prefer actually to interact with the human or to have a personal touch driver contact. They can relate to yeah, I would say the longer younger generation has grown up with so many digital devices and they're already like very well aware of how things work and they're not as much as I'm concerned of ordering online. So it depends on Of definitely on country, but it depends on the age group as well. I agree with that and if we look at how culture affects what type of sneakers I should buy sure that would also influence to a large to a certain degree. What type of product I should sell right? Yeah. So in my market research I should look at what are some of the trends that are happening and look at the culture influences influence and maybe competitors probably always worthwhile. Understanding like mystery shopping just going around seeing what do people do. It's always good to be unique or to try to find Loop or a niche where you can be yourself or you know visualize your own dreams. I mean copying scenarios at some point won't probably work a hundred percent I'd say but if you dedicate it or provide it in Easton, that's what we're definitely can work or localized The Experience. So that's why you're probably seeing Amazon. Because known as just a localized experience its it is from the UAE actually so people do give it a trust and relevance if I'm ordering I'm ordering sometimes on Amazon. I'm ordering or known but just to give that relevance because sometimes when you think okay no.com and you're living in the UAE, it's naturally you will feel a bit more tent towards noon rather than Amazon if you wouldn't be aware of okay and everyone knows Amazon, it's maybe a bad example, but you know what, I mean, so if it's a localized Experience or if you know or if you're selling me a water bottle, I'd rather come to you then to Amazon because I know you're here I can talk to you probably having the same working hours if you if I'm trying to reach someone on a Sunday, good luck in European countries. Yeah, no local matters. Yeah, everything starts locally. That's where the relationship is. Like you said the trust and it's the word of mouth as well. I'm saying because it's you're renting like I think it's seven times more. Your attend to talk to a friend about a negative thing rather than a process. That's just how humans are good. I mean we all do it, but it's just sometimes to look at it with a bit more objective. I think that's very important, especially when looking at also branding right like the brand experience shouldn't be different on each Channel like you have maybe Instagram or SnapChat which is relevant to your business and then website so it shouldn't have different colors or different type of graffiti should at least or so. From the messaging tone of voice or be the same when it comes to branding. What's the best approach to come up with a cool branding for my concept so many options these days there's Freelancers, there's free lands platforms, but then I don't know what the quality of the work is going to be and then I have to pay in advance do I go with an agency, but they were going to charge me a huge amount especially if it's a design studio. Well, I mean, I mean you can you can decide it by Are so fried. It depends on what budget you allocate. I think that's something important as well. I would recommend anyone starting a business to have at least a budget in mind probably to sustain the first six seven months to have that in the back of your mind to be honest. Like when we started a business my brother and I we didn't want to spend on on name or designing here a logo because we are this is what we do, right? So this is why we're supposed to be creative and different so believe it or not. Like I came up with the name and the design of the logo. So I we didn't have to spend on it, right you can literally like come up with something. It doesn't matter so much how it looks or what the name is you can turn it then I mean into a meaning, but definitely I mean you should think of a catchy name or something that relates back to what you're trying to offer all the localization. So for our part as an example nine seven one is the country cord. So you kind of relating back. It's not just, you know, just the wording so catching up words and numbers so you just trying to be Individual but at the same time trying to get something that is maybe with different than so step 8 is website structure. Yeah. What would be the thing I need to that would be a different example, if you're looking at a structure of a website that is made for China or that is made for the UAE. So I anyone who wants to try this go to Starbucks website check their website in China or Japan and check their website in the UAE. You'll probably see in our region its way. Like its horizontal first of all, and then you're following large imagery Big Blocks very like simple minimalistic approach like not too much over flown on information and text if you go towards the Chinese side, you will see a vertical menu bar because like Chinese letters or Japanese are just different way of typing and if you click through the menus or through the information you find a lot of text like really a lot of explanation because it's just bicultural by Nature. Errol by localization that they have a different structure in a different way of translating or absorbing information. So we have to make sure the website structure that is applied for the UAE or Middle East. Yes. We do have so many nationalities. We are a Melting Pot but at some point there's still like a yellow it has to be quick and if I start something that needs to be search bar there needs to be certain things that have to be like in the structure which we will be definitely discussing and step 8. Yeah, and then I think 910 are very similar. In some sense because increasing conversions, it's like growth hacking gross marketing specifically to e-commerce marketing and ads can be more as well of a brand awareness. It's always good to identify what direction you want to take. If you're literally looking at generating sales people would first need to be aware of the brand because nobody buys from a branded or no, like I see that so often like sponsored ads in Instagram you like that. I've never heard of that brand so you have to yeah, you have to get the brand recognition. So first building a brand story or talking about who is the person behind right A lot of people don't want to say okay. I'm the person behind my business. That's that's completely fair. But at least let the brand talk talk about events. Like why you've created it like that doesn't always have to be a face to it. But there needs to be like a story or a clear niche definition of what the business is about. What's your take on influencer marketing? I think it's good. It definitely can help brands that want to is to strengthen their name. Market it can be as well like it can turn the other way around as well because you get quickly associated with one influencer. And that means you're kind of stuck in that lane. Let's say if that influencer takes on different opinions about lifestyle or different opinions about makeup or God knows what it's kind of once you're associated with that influencer. It means like the brand kind of follows that influencer rather than its own. So it's a bit more understanding using that influence him. Before one campaign or one product can be quite strong as it helps the brand to get recognition but not associating the entire brand to the influence. So dealing with multiple influences is always a good idea. Yeah, and at the same time we're seeing companies like doing that. They have a huge success actually, but they're tying it to one campaign or one line of products rather than the entire brand. Like let's say if you have a water bottle pineapple taste you would have that with influenza A and then you have another one water bottle grape taste with influenza B, but your water bottle you like your main product is yours. There is no influenza tied to your main item. How does that convert as I increase the Caps brand recognition first of all, because that's like I mean if you have water bottle pineapple or grape running around with your logo with your brand, it gives definitely an exposure, but it doesn't like attach the influencer to the product. Now you see also embody card. There is a lot of influences they create their own products and they sell their own products. So sometimes if you tie an influencer to an actual brand or to a business that exists Me as Julia I might not know that influencer a works with you on pineapple water and I would think okay influencer a maybe owns your entire company or owns the product or gets certain share of the sales or God knows what so there's so many different mindsets around that but I think all over it's very powerful. It can be helpful, but it needs to be used the right way. It's I think it's a lot of about timing turn about knowing what actually they want from that influenza because it's not just okay, let's put the influencer there and it will work. It's just like I said in the beginning I'm into horse riding, right? So if you give me a horse product or an item that I'm probably like people know me in the industry or in in the like horse world, for example, they would tell me okay, I trust Julia because she's been writing for so and so many years. So what she says about that product Must be solid right? So that's genuine if you give me something now about I don't know. Electrical equipment maybe Julia is not the best person to recommend or to influence in that industry and see what I mean. So it's it's a bit of utilizing their basically utilizing their networks and their community. So you need to know as a brand what network or what community what's your ideal? That's a customer and that your dream customer should sort of say be similar to the influencer you're looking for. So then you're creating that audience does the platform which is the influencer has presence. Really matter when it comes to advertising and increasing conversions platform as in what platform Instagram versus LinkedIn versus Tick-Tock. Yeah. It matters in terms of usability like age groups. Like LinkedIn is a very professional Network right? It's more B2B approach rather than b2c. Tick-Tock is probably more the younger generation. Like, I mean, I'm not old either but I am for example like not identifying. Myself, you know when Smith is on Tik Tok? Yeah. I mean, it's some people like it's so controversial everyone so controversial but I think a lot of people banking on it because it's just becoming more and more so organic. Yeah. Apparently the the reach is organic and it's much easier to access. It's like Vine 3.0 hmm, you know one Vine came out and then Instagram came it was a photo-sharing once they release the 15-second videos. Yeah, it almost killed it basically killed Vine and then they release the word minute videos. And they turn ID TV compete with a YouTube the same with Snapchat as well like those videos and sharing and stories and close friends and like it's all like adopting each other true when they came with stories and then install release their stories. They also almost the really affected I think Snapchats adoption. Yeah, and now Tick Tock is coming with this organic kind of reach. It's very creative to create, you know content the video fills the entire screen so you have to watch one video. You at a time? You cannot you don't see many things, you know, like it's like photons and stories. Yeah, and they have a lot of users and if they release photo option, yeah. Well, then you would know people would run to it. You never know what they do, but you have to go or you have to decide on what platform based on the audience you want to go for if you know you're targeting be to be serviced. You wouldn't be on Tick-Tock right? I wouldn't be like, okay creative nine seven one is let's say it. Looking for customers and Tick-Tock, for example, that wouldn't make sense. I would never identify the brand with Tick-Tock because it's not a service that we're offering to the audience that sits there. At the moment at least Gary Vee you would disagree with I know Gary would disagree but I think again to localization at that moment in this country in the region where we are probably not in other regions. I definitely agree. If you look at the percentage share of usability or even Instagram, I think there is 99% of you users using like having internet penetrate like in penetrating this That 99 percent compared to like 53 percent global average. Like I have those numbers from HootSuite hootsuite.com, which is definitely giving yearly reports. And if you compare by let's say platform by Snapchat Instagram Tick Tock you can see what are the breakdowns particular country. What are the breakdowns for the relevancy? Because let's say you worried maybe the relevancy of tick-tock becomes more and more important but it's not yet having that audience or not yet having the power that Instagram has for example, right? So it's yeah, I mean definitely will have to look at it. We will be on Tick Tock swords. Yeah, I hope so. No be interested. Okay. Yes, I think that sums up the tends to be Commerce blueprint. I think we'll be sharing the link. We have T V Dot creative 9 7 one.com. And yeah, and then I mean it allows you to quickly have a look in there is always a short. Let's say video explaining what the course is about or just have a spin back on what we just discussed in explaining about the corner. I know I've always wanted to set up a Shopify store for I personally will be getting your blueprint for sure. Julia what would you say? What are some of the biggest mistakes that you've made when you set up greater nine seven one. What have you learned from as a result share with us a failure story that we could all learn. I think one of the biggest mistakes is hesitation, like waiting too long. We've been taking I think five six seven months just to analyze the market. Yes. It takes time. Yes, you need to analyze the market, but what I thought would actually be much better is listening. The actual customers feedback because only then you know what you actually improve is actually having an impact rather than this hypothetical questions. Okay. Maybe this could be one two three. If I do a busy like it can't work. So I think hesitation part of procrastination like rather actually getting into an action and seeing what's the response rather than thinking about certain actions. Of course, it has to be thought through it's not I'm saying okay throw something out there without thinking through it, but If you're sometimes at a point where you think am I ready am I not ready? Just go for it. Then you will see because you just sometimes have to take that leap of faith. And I think that was a mistake looking at it failure Story another one which I would advise anyone who is getting into scaling their business, which we've definitely done as being German being efficient. We have to do everything ourselves. We cannot give everything out of hand. So we were kind of growing the company financially very healthy things were going well and then, you know, we were very tight on actually Like out giving work apart. Like let's say I was doing a lot myself. My brother was doing a lot of his himself. We had like a small team that was running or overflowing of work, but instead of actually hiring the right people that will help you to take the load off will actually help you scale much faster. So I think that was a mistake looking back if I could change it. I change it immediately definitely because you can you know, like it gives you so much mental freedom to structure to help grow. Going and yeah, like rather than being stuck in in the operation. So that was a personal or I think a failure story that I don't know. I'm just joking around with the nationality, but it's usually something when you build something yourself, you're a bit very self-conscious and you don't want like things go wrong, but it's better to to look into someone who's really helping or could help you there and just give them the work and yeah, like allocate tasks. So name one conception. Option that people have about starting a business. Yeah, let's say misconception people having about starting their own e-commerce business. What we figured out is a lot of times. They probably think they have to know it all they have to be experts before even starting and it's not reality. Right. It's like in everything you do you practice like you go running until you run a marathon you go take horse-riding lessons before you go on a horse race, whatever you do. You're actually learning by doing. And I think that's a misconception that a lot of people have when they start a business that they really have to know it all by themselves and even us like when we started working. Okay, we need to know this and what about the contract? Okay, why you have lawyers why you have people who can help you? Right? You don't have to know it all you just have to know where to go to get help and probably that relates back to that e-commerce blueprint because it just helps saving the time to actually get started. What's the best piece of advice I ever received the best piece of advice I've ever received. If you're in a moment, or if you're in a situation where you think should I do it should I not do it risk it and do it because only when you risk it you can grow with a decision if you probably think I shouldn't do it because of certain variable points then better not doing it. I agree to it. But if you're in that like self-talk and your thinking should I do it or it may be too ambitious just do it. It's like what Richard Branson says, it's his Mantra actually screw it. Just do it. Yeah, I've actually read that you read the book. Yeah, but not super cool. Not only of that. I mean I've seen like all my family there enterpreneurs and I've seen by them risking things that you actually can take that leap of faith and get lucky or get further to the goal where you have rather than just standing and waiting and yeah awesome. Also, what's your definition of success? My definition of success is freedom and happiness. Personal freedom and happiness is most important. Yes, of course, the business is on the side or I mean, yes, you have your business but I think personal personal freedom and personal happiness is and health of course is over and above everything Success is Not really measured by money for me because I believe in ya helping people to be happy or helping them to create something is more important than just money. Like if you have a business that only looks to get money that's a poor business in the end because it doesn't really have a soul and I believe something that should make you happy over a long time or should give you a full fill you as a person or should give your business. A meaning is something that's meaningful to meet. So happiness. Freedom is Meaningful to me. I've been working for several companies before it was a good experience. It was amazing, but knowing that freedom now when I wake up in the morning and knowing what I had then It just it's just two different thing that freedom and peace of mind exactly. Well, you know, it might not always but when you're doing your own thing, there's no peace of mind. But a lot of people are so it's not that extraordinary it is being straightforward is yeah, very straightforward. Sometimes it can be like taking the wrong way. But yeah, just take it or leave it then Julia. Thank you so much for coming in on the project e podcast at this has been really good. I learned a ton and I'm sure the audience will as well. Thank you so much for coming. Thank you for having me or us and for let's say knowing about events or anything. You want to know at creative nine seven one Instagram. I think you were linking linking us probably up in the website the blueprint and Linkedin stay in touch. Listen to my modes podcasts. Thank you. If some local laughs to all those local companies trying to do their best. Thank you so much. Thank you. And that's it a very insightful interview with Julia chuckle from created nine seven one definitely learned a ton about the e-commerce market and if you want to know more about how to start your e-commerce business here in Dubai. I highly recommend that you check out the course by create a nine seven one agency. So for more information visit T V Dot created nine seven one.com that's tv.com Creative 9:7 one.com and don't forget to use the discount code project - e for a 30% discount. So once again and that's T V Dot creative 9 7 one.com 10-step Ecommerce blueprint input the discount code project - e for a 30% discount if you haven't done so already, please subscribe to the show and thank you once again for tuning in until next time.