I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really Me now. I don't know about the rest of you guys. So if you had thoughts on this, please send them to me in the chat because it kind of made me really sad because it really sank in that you're really going to act like Jughead is dead. But then later on we realized he didn't but that was definitely a different tone than we've ever been used to so overall that kind of set the tone and I was a little really stressed out watching it but the quote they said they said life is not an Agatha Christie. Christie novel, it's a lot Messier Forsythe. Pendleton Jughead Jones died March 18th, 2020. Now, that's my birthday. That's your birthday. That's Ryan Ryan in the booth. Otherwise is Ryan in the booth y'all. This is like old days meaning like a month ago when it was just Frank and I on the show now, it is Katie and I yes, I cannot be more excited talk about Riverdale granted. I have not watched an episode, but I'm great at bouncing things. Off of ya. Shout out to Frank and Dante are oh, yes, they were just on assignment tonight. Yes, so they will be back with us next week as we talk about next week's episode. But 18 is my birthday March 18th is your birthday. Well, unfortunately for you in this show Ryan it was the day Jughead died, but did he which we learned he didn't but we'll talk about that in a second. There was just so much going on but it did feel like I had a very linear storyline this time, which I kind of liked because it didn't jump around too much also. I can't read the name on that chop at someone says happy birthday to you Ryan. It's so not quite there yet. Okay, what were their I know but they said happy early birthday. So I'll be hosting our I'll be producing the Riverdale after show. Nice. Awesome. Sounds good. Alright, so with Jughead, you know, they did this whole documentary style like trying to research like a behind the investigator investigative journalism, I guess documentary-like. Which was an interesting take for the show cause we haven't seen that particular type of style yet. And I really like that. So it's this whole I'm totally drawing a blank on Betty's mom right now everyone. So I hope you will forgive me but she is the one who is behind the camera. It's interviewing all of that. He's friends about it. So it's a crazy. They're talking about him being dead and are giving their their thoughts about it and then all of a sudden it turns to he's not dead now we did. We did all kind of have a feeling that Jughead was not dead. I mean, I know Ryan knows that because we've mentioned it a couple times but I don't know how to feel like it was just very they we all expected him to not be dead. So now that they took one episode to be like psych he's dead and building it up this whole episode and then it ends And psyche he's not dead and I feel like it was kind of a little bit underwhelming in the sense that we didn't really have enough time to comprehend that he was actually dead before he wasn't dead. Right? I feel like a lot of TV shows. I'm trying to think of something famous TV shows that like some fake out deaths. Yeah, we're just didn't feel earned. I feel like that happen a lot with The Walking Dead the first couple years where you're just like, oh my God, this person's died. He died and then they came back and just kind of loses like man. I wish cool. Stayed dead. Yeah, it was I feel like for it to have been more powerful when you need to like maybe you full episode of you know, we had his funeral which really was really a sweet moment in this in this episode where you get to see Betty do a speech and she quotes Sherlock Holmes, which I don't know if any of you guys saw the irony in that but she quotes a scene from Sherlock Holmes, which is basically commentary on a murder which is kind of a jab at the stone. He's a little bit and we had this brief moment and then I was in a moved on and I just felt like they because they've crammed so much in it just lessened it a little bit. Oh Alice is her name. Thank you so much chat. But yeah gration Ryan. I see you said that you thought it was anticlimactic. So yeah very much agree with you on that and then I heard some I read someone say they couldn't risk losing the fans. I was also Grace and Ryan. Yeah, I think you're right. I think it's always your ass is killing off a main character and your shell and I think used as a plot device. Yeah, but just like did they do it? Well, yeah, I don't know that they did it. Well, I don't know that they did it bad. It was just kind of in the middle. So I mean I'm happy he's not dead. I think you all know that I'm definitely team jacket. I mean I'm wearing him on my shirt tonight. I wore all black and morning and then thankfully. I don't have to mourn much longer. But there's that part where like when they're all going to in on this. You know, you see we cfp we see Betty all of these people go into Jugheads room to get stuff and like pick up his things and play along with it only to find out that we were all talking about last week who knows about Jugheads plan like who's in on it as Betty and on it is Archie. On it and then we find out that Charles Jellybean FP. Dr. Carl jr. And Archie's mom Archie and Veronica are all in on it. This is where they threw me because I was not expecting that I was not expecting that this big of a team knew that he was alive, but I mean you make sense the with the stone and everything, so just Crazy, let's see Jazzy Jones to be honest. I was happy that Jughead was still alive and that they are just planning to this to take down stone wall prep. And then Peyton Mackenzie was that they didn't drag the Jughead storyline since fans knew, he was still alive. Yeah true. I think that they kind of knew that we all did not expect him to be dead. So yeah, but it was crazy. I mean this whole episode I mean Ryan saw me at the end. I was pretty she was speechless. I was just kind of like she couldn't I was grabbing my was it and you were just like Yeah, let's get sooo much so much. How am I going to write the recap? Yeah, exactly. So it was just crammed full of stuff. So I think for the most part we covered all this craziness we kind of all are on the same page in the chat about them kind of XX the word executing. Yes, very quickly this thing but that is that but before I move on the next thing I do want to say thank you all so much for joining me tonight and joining any other shows if you like the shows like this and You appreciate them. Please. Remember to give us a like on this video and to subscribe to the YouTube channel and to give us a review on Apple podcast because if you guys do those things that helps us continue to bring us the content that you love and we are only here because of you. So thank you so much everyone. I like that that music One on that one. So all right on a side note as plot as part of that. Segway or talking about this elaborate scheme to basically take down the Stoney's we originally thought it was all this Jughead business. But really we knew Jughead had this plan to take down the Stoney's but we never knew what it was. So we have to talk about them. The gospel is not a little crazy with the Stonewall prep kids and at first up until now we thought that Brett was the head guy of Stonewall prep at the end of the episode we find out. Hannah is the manipulative little insert word here which by the way, they also threw around that word a lot in this episode. I don't know if anybody caught onto that. I was kind of surprised by that. Everybody was like all over the place of that but first Donna accuses Betty of Faking Jugheads death, then she accuses Betty of hiding his body. And so with them knowing every step that Betty's doing they were on par with that tonight. She was right on the Same levels, but he knew exactly where she was going. And I'm gonna give you guys a second to talk about the Stonewall prep kids. If you guys have thoughts about those two, please let me know and then she accuses Betty of being a nipple nymphomaniac and that her plan is going to falter eventually now. I don't know that that's true necessarily about the her plan falter and eventually the other hand other side, maybe not gonna disagree with that. But then at the end she suspect the Jughead is alive and And Bret does an interesting thing here, which surprised me. He said I don't think that you're right on this. He doesn't side with her and she slapped him. She slapped him. I don't know about you, but I was before I continue one of the ways we keep all of our content for you. The listener free of charge is our amazing sponsors. And today anchor is one of those sponsors. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchors going to distributor podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and everywhere podcasts are listened to and you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you Need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started before we continue one of the ways we keep all these shows for you free is by our amazing sponsors. And today Spotify is one of our sponsors on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify as a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you don't miss an episode premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline. Fine wherever they are and you can easily share what you're listening to with all your friends and following on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for AfterBuzz TV on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure you follow us you never miss an episode of AfterBuzz TV that got me eye because I that was a little plot plot twist that I did not see as the fact that Brett is being manipulated by her as well and it's not him that's in charge of things. She's a brain behind it behind it. What did you guys think that this part surprise you let's see Jazzy Jones definite Donna definitely seemed to be to be the smart one. But Donna is going crazy was funny to see yeah. She went she went pretty crazy. Even though the whole. Oh, this was they were talking about barchi. I'm gonna talk about that. So don't worry people. I will talk about bar cheese and the episode. So yeah like Donna I have to give the the actress mad props because she really really brought that performance in the sense that we saw a lot of different sides of her this episode, but she is on to Betty I Betty knows that they're on to her and it's they're always right a step behind her. but there were a lot closer than I think she realizes you know with the whole so she's very observant. So Ryan I do have a question for you. Yes, so if you were acting on impulse and you know barging in to try to find a hidden alive Jughead Jones in a bunker under the ground, right, but instead you walk in on Betty and Archie making out would you be able to Notice that there's like three milkshake cups in the in the bunker milkshake cups, like notice these little details barge in. Yeah, two friends are kissing. Yes. I notice the milkshake the number of milkshake cups, right? Yes and anything else. I mean I could see it happening if I like came in and I was like whoa. Whoa and I just like was looking around like oh my God. Yeah milkshakes and then but what did they proceed to they proceed to continue to make out or They stop when I entered well, so basically they were like, oh man you found us and it was all supposed to be a ruse because she went to the bunker thinking that to find Jughead instead found Betty and Archie. So she did go there hoping to find Jughead. So I'm sure that's probably why she caught on to it, but in general I don't would you notice little details like that. I think the only way I would notice is if I was panicking to just change the subject or to be like or did just act like I didn't see Anything and yeah grab by be grasping at straws. I get you and just kind of like identifying anything in the room. Like here. I be like a computer. Yeah microphones and just a quick shout out to everyone in the chat. Oh my God, Brian Alexander Jazzy Jones external shock wave Kris and Ryan. We super appreciate you guys and you are co-host tonight. Yeah, and y'all are really at it. So I apologize if I don't see all of your thoughts because you are typing faster than I can read. If someone fell a bron James in the chat. I have a feeling that this is the real LeBron is he wasn't playing tonight? It's possible. You're not wrong. Shout out to the goat in the chat. But yeah, so on a side note Donna crazy. I think we can all agree with that. Donna has some major things. But Anna now what I'm going to do a Segway because there's a lot of little tiny characters that we gotta talk about that. We're all in some way involved in this jug at thing whether they knew it or not. For example, you know, Archie. Decided to console Betty and then Cheryl photographs them kissing in the in the think it's the choir room. I forget what room it is. So I'm sorry that I've blanked on that folks and it's all a ruse basically to throw this up everybody off of the scent that of accusing Betty of all this different stuff. Now, how do we feel about that? Because I thought I feel like it's like we all know Betty and Archie are probably gonna be endgame. We know they mentioned barchi which was really hysterical because I felt like that was a little bit of fan service where they mentioned barchi and how everybody really wants them to be end game and that was that clever speech from Kevin there, which I really like and now everybody in the chats freaking out about barchi. Yeah, we're talking about that right now. So do we feel like I feel like it was kind of forced just because I feel like they know that's what the fans want. But I don't like the fact that you know Jughead at this point. We still think is dead. So all of us are like, wow, she moves on really quickly, but on the other side, then you find out he's not dead and this is all a ruse and then it's still kind of a little bit unsettling still on the other side and then both of their significant others, you know, when jug had finally has his reunions with Betty on screen. He asks her, you know, did you feel anything with this kiss with Archie? Veronica asked Archie the same thing and they lie. We all know they lie. They say no, it's fine. You're the one for me. I need and then as if we didn't believe in enough Betty sends a text message to Archie saying thanks for your help. Basically, thanks for kissing me. And then she says I hope I wasn't a bad kisser or you know, something like that and then he type something and she sees those little dots that say he's typing something and then he doesn't send it because he basically says you were Great, if you need help again, and then doesn't Brian's face in the booth right now. Nice. Yeah, he's like great if you need help. Yeah, so he doesn't send it. So then instead she just sends a kissy face night text and he does the same. I mean, it's a little sketchy right Ryan. That's pretty sketchy. Yeah. I'm just curious about the true intention. What do you think Katie? I think that Obviously, I knew right away that they were lying to their significant others, which makes me a little sad just because as they called them bug-head I believe is what they called them Betty and Jugheads name is bug-head. Nice. I'm on that team. I love that team. I love them together. Do I love Archie and Veronica 50/50 on it. I think in the right circumstances. I'm totally team barchi. With this circumstance. I'm not it just feels a little sketchy to me. So I feel like in long-term and you know in endgame. Yeah, of course, I'd be okay with Archie but in different circumstances, so let's see. Some people said definitely forced. They wouldn't do that to Jughead Ann Veronica bug-head his endgame barchi as better as friends is what Jazzy Jones says and then Brian Alexander said to be honest, I wasn't mad that it was planned. It was entertaining as Paf so and then great minds at rest in peace bug-head. I don't like that. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not ready to say by the bug head, but we'll see so but everybody in our chat tends to be team barchi. So we'll see but anybody else in their chat or have any other last-minute things that you want me to talk about introductions to this episode like I mean, you know, we do know, oh, they mention Charles, but he wasn't actually in it. So we know he was in on this plan, but you didn't see him so we don't really know anything about that and then honest and then on the side note. Cheryl thought Betty was going to be suicidal and says she wants to put her on suicide watch. That was a random. thing that they threw in there that I was a little bit confused by it was an interesting turn because I didn't feel like Betty seemed Aunt like obviously she was distraught over this death, but unfortunately wasn't a real death and then Cheryl said she's going to be there but then goes and exposes Betty and Archie. Now, do you guys think that Cheryl was in on it too? Because they don't just specifically mention Cheryl being in on it, but I would assume she was in the right place at right the right right right time. She always says why am I always the one that catches these two kissing? So do you guys think that Cheryl was in on it? See her Jesse Jones is Archie. Archie should stay single if party breaks up and Archie never liked Betty. Anyways, whoa, that's harsh so but yeah, so our side note that's pretty much in a nutshell this whole episode if I missed anything that was worth mentioning. I am sorry. You guys can still send me a shout out. I'll try to shout it out real quickly, but I am going to prepare our Our give you a time to time in your class president and your class clown. So obviously it's our segment for those of you who have never been tuned into the show before it is our special segment where we talk about our class president for the episode and our class clown for the episode class president for this episode is gonna just be honestly all team like the team Jughead thing in the sense that they were able to pretty smartly hide this other than I'm Donna because Donna is just very very observant. But I know it's not one person but I think that they all worked very well in the sense that they were smart. They knew kind of what step to be at. And then there was the scene at the Jugheads funeral where they basically try to daughter tries to start something and they all jumped to defend and they'd be like this is not the place for that. So I did like that class clown. At first I was going to say Veronica's sister again, because you know, obviously she's always trying to butt in on this and everybody knows who she is but the class clown honestly, I feel like it was Cheryl just because even though she was barely in this episode. I just felt like that whole thing with the way that she was trying to help Betty. It just seemed a little fake for Cheryl. It didn't seem very genuine for me. And I know that's probably a weird person to pick for class. For this episode that's just her. She didn't make sense didn't really feel Cheryl to me. So what we see the chat says, so first of all, Brian said Cheryl wasn't in on it. She was creating drama. Jazzy Jones says Class Clown was Donna and Brett. I mean, that's also very very that. I'm okay with them always being Class Clown. I can't stand either of them and then Peyton Mackenzie a lot of people saying Stonewall prep where the class clown class president was team Betty. That's a better name for it. Team Betty. All right class president Betty Veronica Archie team class president team Jughead. So you guys are all kind of on the same and then Brian Alexander did say class called was also Hermosa because she annoyed because she annoyed you. I understand that too. Like I said, I kind of kind of thought she was the class clown at first. So it seems like we all kind of agree on that. So with all that said thank you guys so much for the class president called if you think of another one go ahead and tweet me you guys can send him I would love to hear these but we are going to head into some new. We knew so on Madeline Madeline petch. I don't know if I said her name, right? She posted a throwback picture of her Instagram tonight, which I believe Ryan is gonna throw up a picture on the screen. Oh, I think it was the first one. Yeah. Okay, cool. First one the very very first it's a bloody picture from her Instagram bloody war. It's a link not this one. Standby, once sorry. Yeah, sorry folks. Yeah, basically Madeline posted a picture from the set. It was a throwback picture and she's covered in blood because she said like an honor of a new episode tonight and she posted her self covered in blood. I don't know what from episode it was because it definitely wasn't this week's episode. I think Ryan's working on it will see we got it up. All right. Sorry folks been by there you go. So I do like a good behind the scenes bloody photo. So I felt like sharing that she's pretending eat it because it's probably Corn syrup. So of course, it's probably tastes a little but yummy, but I don't know what from episode this is, but I did like I do like those photos and then on other on another side of the spectrum. It was a year ago today. Unfortunately that Luke Perry past. So all of the cast was posting Instagram photos in tribute to him. So the first one and it doesn't matter which order on these Ryan so I can just share it. This one was the one that Madeline posted on it. She said woke up and realized it's been a year since we lost you and she posted it. Sweet picture of her and Luke and then also Cami posted a photo which I believe might be the second one. Yeah of a group picture thinking of you today and it's a really sweet picture of the entire cast all together and last but not least there should be there was a link Ryan to a post by Molly Ringwald and she posted a picture of Luke Perry as well as a as a memoriam as well. And that she said I can't believe it's been a year since we lost you the Beautiful the this People Soul so they all were sending their love to their fallen cast members. So that's that was just beautiful to see them all continue to shout out the person who was just such a big face of this show. So yeah, that's what we have for news today. And on that note. I want to talk about predictions. Ryan AfterBuzz TV prediction. All right. So predictions send me yours cause obviously I'm flying solo here. So it's just me talking and from my predictions as much as I hate to say it Archie and Betty are endgame, but I don't know that we're going to see that come to fruition this season. I think it's going to be more long-term who is Donna so we didn't talk about that. Donna was revealed to be someone else because Hermosa And I say this for predictions because I honestly have a feeling it has something to do with the cult and I don't like to say it because I really hated that storyline but it has to be someone that they all recognized. So my prediction is that it goes to that. So on the side on now to the chat external shock wave says prediction bar to get together at the end of the season or in season 5. Okay Grayson, Ryan, Kevin storyline will probably lead into Charles and chicks. Plan somehow hmm interesting cause we haven't heard about Charles and chicks plan in a while and Donna is going to end up being another of never never never wife or can ever ever never wife and I mean, we're kind of on the same page we both said Cole something to do with that. I don't necessarily think it's for sure like a bigger name, but the one who's been in a whole season so far. I don't know if it's her but she has kept saying that she talked to her and she's communicating with her so really would Be completely surprising if it was the same person. So Donna is the daughter of someone is what Jazzy Jones said who I hadn't thought about that. Alright Alright and then Billie Jean girl says they're going to are they going to switch couples and Jughead and Veronica going to get together Archie and Betty get together? That's a solid production to so, all right. I think that was some good predictions everyone. Thank you so much for joining me tonight, and we will see you next week. You guys can follow me on social media at Katie underscore Christine on Instagram and Twitter and if you guys have any tweets and things about the show just hit me up on those. You can also find me on the Batwoman after show at 10:00 10:00 on Sunday nights or Monday on the cam guy at 1010 on popcorn talk and Ryan we're gonna follow you if they want to follow you as follow me a try. Nelson, it's Ry n IL SE n on Twitter and Ryan Nelsen on Instagram and Star Wars news every Thursday 4:00 p.m. We're freaking out tomorrow because this week was nut. So if you tune in at 4 p.m. Live, you're gonna see some crazy stuff sounds good. If you like Star Wars watch that and have a wonderful week everyone. We will see you next week. Thanks so much so much for joining us. Our founder Keven undergaro and me Maria Menounos would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz TV. Remember, we're not just the first where the biggest in the world and were the only destination for all your favorite TV shows whatever you crave. We've got it. So go to active has tv.com check out our lineup Buzz see you later. You've expressed herein are those of the whole thing you do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV rights owners of principle.