Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and thisSeek to help you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has a stalker who follows her all around our orange there in Milford Studio. I think it might be actually her fiance, so it's probably okay welcome Audrey. I'm so happy that you could be on with us this morning for anyone. It doesn't know Audrey is not only one of our members but she is also the assistant professor of Maternal-Fetal Medicine medicine at Yale. Did I say that right? Yes, that is that is correct. So basically a take care of pregnancies that are high-risk either for Mom or baby reasons awesome. So we have you on here this morning because we have a lot of pregnant members and there's just been a lot of Of questions. Yeah, there's just been a lot of questions about you know working out when you're pregnant The Good the Bad and the Ugly so I know one of my questions definitely was heart rate and always spoke about it very briefly, but talk to me a little bit about the heart rate. Right? So first thing I wanna say is that, you know, you should always talk to your own doctor. If you have exercised questions. I lumino have had the pleasure of taking care of some orange shirts Orangetheory members, but Talk to your own doctor. This is not you know. You should definitely talk to them not take everything. I say with as gospel truth. But in terms of heart rate in pregnancy in general, we expect an increase in heart rate and all pregnant women in an increase in cardiac output. So the amount of blood that your heart is pumping out and that's because the blood volume increases to help support the pregnancy and the growing baby in general in the first people have talked about having You know heart rate goals for pregnancy if you're working out and not wanting to get your heart rate to increase over a certain level. It doesn't seem that it you know, we can give everybody a hard-and-fast number as you know, an orange theory. Everybody's orange zone is going to be different. So, you know, generally what we tell people especially for those people that are newer to exercise or newer to exercise in pregnancy is you wanna be able to do what we call the talk test. So, you know think of it like your base case like you want to be able to kind of hold a conversation with somebody Not like long-winded sentences, but an easy conversation with somebody while you're working out and so that should bring you for most people into your green zone and and you know, start touching a little bit of the bottom range of your orange zone. So in pregnancy what I definitely want to see it people spending their whole class in the red. Amen, I know I know obviously now is not the time to exercise for weight loss. I know that working out when you're pregnant will also eat with weight loss after the delivery. This is true. So I think it will Aid with weight loss after the delivery in the same way that you know, you've now built these healthy habits into your life and hopefully increase your muscle mass a little bit during the pregnancy, which will obviously help you burn calories afterwards. I definitely think that it helps with the actual labor itself if you do ever or if you have a C-section, I definitely think building up that muscle tone and being cardo cardiovascularly that helps with your recovery afterwards regardless of what kind of delivery you have so definitely benefits and in terms of weight loss and pregnancy historically. Yeah, we've said no, especially if you're a normal BMI, but for you know, some of our patients that are especially very overweight and who are pregnant it looks you know, we're seeing people that we say, you know, don't gain any weight during the pregnancy and if you lose a few pounds, it's probably okay, you know because we're watching these babies would ultrasound now to check on their growth. So as long as babies growing fine, we get a little less concerned about what moms weights doing its are so exact and I got really quiet when we start talking about fantasies. And other than just listening to your body, what are some other recommendations you have I know as coaches we can instruct like no supine exercises after the first trimester was war. Oh, yeah. Yeah the wait for stuff. So in this is what I always tell patients is this is one of the biggest concerns women have is like is sleeping on their back. And when do I have to stop lying on my back and that is totally up to the woman some women will start getting comfortable around 16 weeks some women can lay flat on their back and have no symptoms until the third trimester. So symptoms laying flat on your back when it might not be good is if you get dizzy, if you start feeling sweaty, if you start feeling nauseous, that's all a sign that you're not getting enough blood back to your heart. And so your heads not getting enough blood and the baby's not getting enough blood. So that's gonna be a little different for everybody but in general it starts to happen in the second trimester when people can't lie flat on their back and so, you know, we can do mine. Occasions like raise the bench instead of doing chest, press that were your flat on your back. We can you know, raise the bench and that will take that off and there's other modifications that we can do as well. So what Phil Phil in Zack, what are your favorite exercises to give ladies with child? I don't know. I've never really thought about it. To be honest with you. I don't know that I've one-on-one. I don't think I've ever trained. Cricket person, but I would say instead of like because I've had a lot of members mentioned that they're uncomfortable like lying on their back like they have been told not to do I'm like, okay. Well, let's let's do some sort of like plank variations so that you don't get on your back we can get you on like your hands and your feet and up position that you're comfortable with that we could still get like that like anti extension work which would be like if you're not sure what extension is like sticking your butt out or like really pulling soul. And like your head back and still get like the like the sides of the core like the anti rotational stuff like in there too. So a lot of I think the yeah, I think the T-Rex T-Rex TRX is a great goat. Yeah, that's cities and things like the bird dog. You know, what about you? So yeah, so I've kind of seen this come through a couple decades now of pregnancy and and working out in early on you know, they used to just give a blanket statement do not have a heart rate that goes above 140 what I really like that adri said was use the talk test because it's gonna be different for everybody. I think that's a really good rule of thumb is if you can carry on, you know a conversation and not being winded that's phenomenal because if you look at pregnancies over like the last five five years or so, there's some pretty crazy stories out there of women who are going, you know, All nine months and really rocking really good workout still entering like that and not that everybody has to do that or anything, but I think it's better to be you know, comfortable with yourself and what you're doing and with your doctor's care and and moving because it's going to benefit you in the long run. Whereas I think before it was really like they erred on the side of being like uber cautious and I think that actually did more harm than good than now so I think you know listen to what your doctor saying. Use your own, you know talk test to rate your level of exertion obviously being comfortable at some point that transitions from doing exercise lay on your back. Those are all great. That's perfect. I think we hit the nail on the head. And those are those be my main concerns. I think it's really important for people to, you know, stay active. It's going to benefit mom and baby during and after as well for sure. I know that it reduces like backaches and bloating swelling. What else Audrey what else ya colors? So I mean in terms of other benefits it can you know exercise is one of the things we sometimes some people that start doing it, especially if they get diagnosed with gestational diabetes that definitely helps control your blood sugar and keep your blood sugar in a tighter range. So you may have your doctor tell you to start exercising or tell you to start walking during the pregnancy, which is definitely can happen and you know, you know To Phil's Point I've had patients that have run marathons in the second trimester now, I don't recommend that for everybody by any means but thank you for marathon runners beforehand and had a race plan and wanted to do it and you know scaled it back didn't get a PR but definitely still ran it. So it's super bright side it mean to interrupt they were to pregnant ladies doing the Olympic trials that were pregnant, right and and it's been shown like so the concerns about you know, just how does this affect the day think even in these hard We're athletes where they've really studied and put monitors on the baby and really looked at the baby's growth over the course of the pregnancy the baby's heart rate, you know, it will go up while you're exercising but not into a dangerous Zone. It comes down. It says Mom's heart rate comes down and then in terms of the size of the baby even for these very very hardcore athletes. It's been shown that the babies are only about 200 to 400 grams smaller at the time of birth, which is really negligible and there was no increased risk of having the baby be too small at delivery. Good interesting facts. Yeah. I love it. I feel like a lawyer for running that marathon without being pregnant Audrey. Thank you so much for coming on for taking. Yes and happy dance was awesome. All right. Have a good rest of your guys. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Alright guys, what else we have coming up? You know getting some running some power walking some jogging in and two interventions that we're going to talk about is really analyzing base case and what it actually means your base case is at the foundation of our work out. It's kind of what we build off of every workout from and you know, as we become thicker your basic major going to improve yourself or your pushed a slow increase in your all-out will increase the really assessing where we are in our base station why it's important and the other thing that I'm really excited to talk about it. Is correcting form we spend a lot of time, you know looking at Forum on the road looking at warm down the wheat flour, but we don't spend as fairly as much time talking about form and technique and efficiency on the treadmills and I think you know as coaches we see a lot of opportunity and that was going to be a great time to really make everyone a little bit more efficient Runners, you know, correct. Therefore makes them better Runners, you know, improve standards and improve your stamina to get that base case increase if you haven't done in a while. And talk about you know, like our Cadence that's something that we thought would take for granted how many a times your foot is hitting the treadmill and the fact that whenever you increase your speed, you know, your Cadence doesn't necessarily increase. So he's talking about those kinds of things and maybe some different ways that we haven't thought about the treadmill on the topic. I think we take it for granted that the treadmill we're just going to walk on it there was gonna run on it and there's a lot of opportunity for us to improve our performance improve our fitness over on the side. So I'm very excited about it. Hope you guys all come on good stuff. I will say only because you're talking about the treadmill and running the I've been recently asked a couple times. What are the best Sue's to wear so I figured if you guys don't mind I was going to stuff in talk a little bit about purchasing your shoes sandals. Love it. Okay, so it really is a loaded question like no one Paris Seekers. I wish fits all so first thing you do when you go to the shoe store, right? You're going to be going to ask you all these should ask you. Are you running inside a you running on the road? Are you running on trail? Right because Road shoes and trail shoes are two different things. I would highly recommend that you purchase more than one pair and Alternate them. It's always a good practice to use one pair for inside the Studio and perhaps one pair for outside. The studio. Next question is do you pronate pronation is I mean everybody pronates the inward movement of the foot right as it rolls to distribute the force of impact on the ground as you run, so there's over pronation and then there's under pronation which is also called supination. I personally supinate there's a couple things you can do. You can have one of us check for you. It's pretty easy to tell number two. You could look at your shoes turn them over and see which side of the shoe is being worn more. Once you found out if you overpronate or supinate or maybe you just one foot does one and one for does the other which is very common and I can explain more about that to you on a personal level one-on-one. Then you can find out what shoe you need because the shoes these days are designed. Typically for either case then you're going to find out how your archers are. Do you have high arches regular arches or low arches and low arches otherwise flat feet usually goes hand in hand with people who overpronate and very often you can just get inserts that can help you out with that you want when you purchase the shoes and you try them on before purchasing I should say you don't. It have any slipping in the heel. I like to have a sneaker that is pretty light on the lighter side. You don't you don't want to skimp on the price, but you also don't have to spend 200 plus dollars for your sneakers. Typically you're going to end up spending $100 right? Always if you're not sure how your arches are a couple ways. You can find out our the shower when you come out of the shower. Shower, right if you step on the foot on the floor, you'll wet footprint. You can usually tell like if you can see your whole foot then you have loads of flat feet. If you can only see the very fun of your foot and the ball of your foot chances. Are you have high arches? If you can see a very thin line, then you probably have quote unquote normal arches and that is going to matter on the sneakers that you buy also you want to size up. Do you want to have a lot of room in that toe box? Because as you run the more you run the hotter your foot gets it spreads out at the bottom and you want to make sure that there's lots of room at the bottom of that shoe and I'm not sure if you guys have heard black toenails being a curse of Runners. That's not necessary. You don't have to get black toenails, but it's when your toes are jamming up against the edge of your shoe, which probably is a good sign that you do. Need to get maybe half a size bigger on your shoes or there's not enough room inside that shoebox. So I also heard that the Bride of the shoe the faster you run but that's just hearsay. You didn't hear that from me the brighter the shoe the faster you run. I mean, yeah, I heard that ha ha ha. What about that's something I go with right? What about like like time to replace them like how frequently and he Good question good question. They say the experts say 500 miles, but it's not advised to walk around and use your speakers for daily. Use if you're seriously training in the more so just just specifically use them for your workouts a lot of shoes now. I honestly don't think last more than 400 miles, but you can usually tell to If you start to feel some kind of way, like if you start to get new aches and pains in your legs chances are you need just needs a new pair of sneakers? Yeah. I think I love what you said especially about like not wearing them for like everyday use and then still wearing them for like the workout which I think a lot of people do just I mean, you know, I mean, it's you're throwing down a hundred bucks or more for a pair of shoes. But if you can keep one pair, you know for like that in studio Orangetheory workout and not use those for everyday use that's that's gonna go a long way and make them last a little bit longer Gil bit more mileage out of them and stuff like that. But I know sometimes people will go away too long and they'll keep wearing that same she over to overtime. It doesn't just give you the support and so it's a big deal. I think to get them replaced at least, you know, two or three times a year. I would I would imagine is probably the right number. Yeah. I mean, it's an investment those those shoes are going to help you more than you realize there's so much that goes into the shoe buying but yet it can make or break your work. Good stuff. Yes, so what else you got going on? So the running clinic like we said is on the 7th on the 8th. We also have the dry triclinic, but I want to talk if we're going to talk about the drive truck Clinic. I want to talk about the 23rd our promotion again that's going on before and so I'm new confirm for everyone. Listen Bill last podcast that they should I gave was correct. So So if you're our member and you refer someone to come take class that day your class that day as as a member already referred them will be complementary. And then they get out there's all sorts of incentives for them to join either either pull Elite or Premier. There's a coupon for an OC B, which is the heart rate monitoring system. There's a coupon for them to same day for retail if they want to get some orange theory swag in store. And then for both of you if they join either delete from here not only will the person who joined get a coupon for online shopping a couple days after There but the person who referred them will also get that same coupon for online shopping and that coupons actually good for an entire week. So it's not just like a one-time use type of thing. It's good for from the 10th to March 17th. That's pretty sweet. I also think it's International women's day on the 8th. I think you're right. Nice, I don't know anything about it. But if you know something about it that I should know, we are celebrating all about us women that come to our city. Okay, then we'll be bringing their their badass women with them. Last before they weren't sure and then they just never got back to us. And if they were on to come back they could come and try it again. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. I know litter, hence. We have our 10 year anniversary 10 years of Orange Theory Fitness. Wow. That's a long time. I am 10 years ago Ellen Latham taught her first class one decade. Yeah. I know that you're pretty excited Zack about Wednesday the 11th. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Iraq on day rock music Ice or ice cold is it in the cooler than being cool is going to be ice cold? I see what you did there. You see what I do. You smell what I'm stepping it. All right. We also have a tornado this week and Friday the 13th and a charity class was charity glass it is we are going to have a workout for a cause for the network of Executive women so what that is, they're dedicated to proving. I'm going to read it to you exactly what it is dedicated to proving excuse me, providing educational opportunities for women in need of financial assistance by awarding annual scholarships. So the scholarships are offered to women who demonstrate Financial need and are returning continuing or commencing undergraduate schooling or other types of training so they can further their education. locals and or enhance their job skills I like it. It's a good cause I know not. Yes, that's a cool cause I like that but the date of that that's that's fine. Yep. That's the 14th. It is a Saturday Coach Zack is coaching. I believe it is at 1:30. Typically we ask for like a minimum donation of $25, but honestly any donation will get you into that class. It does not come out of your membership. You just have to make a donation. You can bring it that day or you can just make it directly to the workers of the executive government And one of our members by the way is one of the presidents of this Corporation Called. What word am I looking for one of those executive women fit? Thank you. So yeah, so she is she has put this together her organization has over 70 members and they're opening it up to more if it's an option for anybody. It's a good a good cause there's a lot of Demands on a lot of these women and they're just trying to commit themselves to furthering their education to try and give themselves and their children a better. Life, so it's a great cause guys. Come on in. Yeah, sounds good. Alright awesome. Yeah, I love having those classes packed up to so more the merrier. Let's go. I know seriously if we need to we can always open it up to a 3G right now. I know we have seven people in class. Bill Phillips or more Cool, so go for it talking about coronal. Yeah. All right. Yeah, so just kind of like a real conversation here. You know, I mean, the biggest thing for everybody is to not like lose their minds and let fear overtake them. I mean lets you know, the more we work out actually the stronger our immune system is as long as we're getting good recoveries and stuff like that. And so at Orangetheory what we really want to make sure that everybody is doing is number one. If you are feeling sick or you're coming down with something like just like don't come into the studio. Day, like just help us and everybody else out Nom by taking some time off until you're feeling better. Number two. Most important thing is for sure. Do not like, you know, it's a habit to kind of like, you know cough or sneeze, you know into your hands, like don't do that like use your elbow or like the inside of your arm or something like that but not your hands and then make sure that when you're in the studio work it out and things like that you avoid touching your face mouth nose eyes. Sighs that's one of the easiest ways for it to get transmitted just like the flu and things like that as far as what we know about it. So far up to this point, that's that's the deal and then I would say, you know, you utilize those wipes. Make sure you guys are really being friendly to the other members working out at the same time wipe everything down be thorough about it. Use those wipes throw them away. Grab more when you guys need them and stuff like that. But if you touch something make sure you guys are trying to wipe it down and then when you guys are done with the work out the best thing you guys can do is take a good 20 seconds for good thorough hand washing before you leave the studio for that day. We also have disinfectant and things like that to you. So if you want to double duty like wash your hands for 20 seconds and then use some disinfected after you've washed your hands and then you're pretty well set from right there. But the biggest thing is just avoid touching your your eyes your nose your mouth and things like that while you guys are going through the studio and working out and then do proper hygiene with your hands and hand washing afterwards and you should be okay. For the hopefully okay, right? Yes. Yes. I mean we are Orange Theory Fitness, you know the health and safety of all our members and employees is Paramount Paramount. So we really are following everything for the center of Disease Control, which is following them and we will keep you posted as far as everything goes but really like just like Bill said wiping down equipment after every block really, you know replenish. Why it's wash your hands for 20 seconds minimal after class and honestly just it's best. You just don't come in. If you're not feeling sick. That's what we're going to do as coaches as well. And I'm and of course, you know, we're big on high fives. We can always do fist bumps elbow bumps. I wouldn't recommend chest bumps at this time. But you know, whatever we need to do at this time at this time. We will we will I'll do for your for your safety and ours. Yeah, good good habits that we're probably doing already. Let's just try to do a better job Adam, you know and if there's a little areas that you catch yourself doing something like that that's like just get better at it and we should be okay and safe. Yeah hundred percent 100% always a little side of caution. Yes. All right, what else guys the end of transformation challenge party, which is on 20th. Okay. I will tell you what I know off the top of my head last day. They'll transmit sounds party is on the 20th. Just like Zach said the last class of the day we're going to have DJ which is always exciting announcements on to our classes. And then we are going to announce the winners right now after I have that, correct. We're going to announce the winners. Bhosale. Yeah body weight lost over the last week. I'm very excited. I've been working really hard and so we will be there to celebrate with you and you know, take reflect on all your hard work, but it's so exciting. Definitely. I'm excited to friends. I like one thing that you just said at the end right there. There is really important to me. I think we should just call it on is it's focusing on all the hard work, you know, I mean, it's yeah, it's not just the Result right, like we're going to get done with this and we're going to be happy for the people that win and we would be happy for the people that participated in did really well on during like that. But that's not the end of it. You know, it's like focus on the system that got you there and keep that going when this is over for everybody. You know, it's a it's a Mastery Journey that you have to go through and just you know when this is over we're not done so I know a lot of people have been really ramping up their their frequency of Orangetheory workouts. Let's keep that going when this is over right? Let's make 2024 I'm an old and not take a foot off the gas, but that frequency once it's over. Very first challenge is over doesn't mean your time to stop their hard work isn't done. It's just the beginning of the journey for a lot of people which is very exciting to see so exciting. I also want to just to quickly mention a lot of kerfuffle going around about how sexy that word again a lot of waffle. Kerfuffle colorful. Heidi does not enjoy some live without her. Very comfortable. I hope you guys who are you guys you may have heard some Whispers going around the studio about our ambassador program. So it hasn't yet officially launched. But once it does of course anybody who's interested is more than welcome. It's really just not just about you guys. It's a celebration to all our loyal OTF members who are our biggest fans and embody the brand just as much as we do. It's really just a program that will reward you for things you really already doing already such as bringing in your friends to try a class posting about it on social media and other stuff will be involved. So if you are interested you can mention Name or email at the front desk will be sending out emails probably the end or beginning of next week There's no pressure. You don't have to be an ambassador. If you ask about it. There's no hands and I'm going to be tied or anything like that. But if you want more information stay tuned for the email or or you can ask the front desk about it, but more information will be coming about it next week. big star Justin Francis I said it sounds amazing. I'm very excited about the investor. Every time we've done a podcast you've like been multitasking doing something else while we've done it. Is this the first time you actually have not been mother cousin. No, no, I'm making dinner. I just had my lunch one more thing before we go. I we just got the swag today for dry. Try you guys going to have so much photo for the people who didn't sign up now. I'm jealous. I'm jealous. I'm jealous. I want the swag. I'm very excited about it. Let's go. Let's get it done. Yes. All right. Thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you. Bye. Bye.