The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say. Dogs have owners but Mr. Cats have fathers. Okay? Okay, let's start this over. I'm Father Andrew Strobel and I'm Curtis Kitty and this is Mystic at your podcast about mr. Gajic whole catechesis. Whoo. And today we're going to speak a little bit about why we sing the songs that we do at Mass. Actually. We're Talk about singing the mass. Whoa. You want to be able to objectively speak about what is what is the purpose of Music in the Liturgy? Why are we doing it? Yeah, but I think we get it when we talk about sacred art and other ways right like the catechism talks about music as the greatest sacred art we have but you know, I had a family come up to me after Mass the other week and it was awesome. The girl colored in image of John Paul II st. John Paul II our Patron for our parish and handed it to me. Now. Is that meaningful? Is that awesome like, you know a Going from a child. That is so beautiful. Right but it is it universally meaningful in a way that you would put it up for mass for Universal veneration, right? I mean some might argue. Yes, of course like the children are the greatest artists but in another stand since like The standards that the church gives I mean my call is tomorrow right Curtis, like looking at me like you be careful like what you're doing you're saying that music that you love so much that is so meaningful to you. I've just compared it to the scrawling of a child. No, but what I'm saying is but the scrolling of the child scrolling the drawing of a child is Meaningful. The challenge is doesn't meet the criteria that the church sets forth for sacred Art Worthy of the Liturgy that As specific criteria, it might meet one or two, but doesn't meet all can it bear the weight of yeah, she's in a pair of the way than in and that's where not all art is acceptable. And this is where we get into trouble when you talk about like the worship Wars and like people fighting over this one. I think it's awesome that people are passionate. That's great. But to it is tough when you say a beauty is objective. Yeah, I mean is truth objective is goodness objective then is beauty objective. And that's the trouble people have I want you to Beauty just like truth just like goodness to be relative. What's beautiful for you is beautiful for you is beautiful for me is beautiful for me. People say, okay, where do we find objective truth? Yeah. Well, the scripture says the church is the pillar of our bulwark of the truth. We have no problem accepting that I think is Catholics for the most part we say yes, the church is is, you know being guided into all truth. The Holy Spirit we can trust the church. Okay. So the other what an objective goodness true objective goodness is also something that we look to and say yes, there's a standard of what is good. And what is evil we don't get to decide but this third one Beauty. Oh my gosh, we have swallowed that lie that we the beauty is in the eye of the beholder. It's even a phrase that beauty is in the eye of the beholder. That is total what it's beautiful for you what you like in the Liturgy is all Well and good. Yeah, but I have my preferences and maybe we should be taking a survey of the majority of people and just doing based on you know, what the majority of us fight beautiful. Well some Christians do that when it comes to truth when it comes to goodness when it comes to morality, they sit around and have conferences that determine, you know, is this sinful or not anymore on some things that is not the Catholic church. That's not the deposit of Faith. As you said from the beginning our lord gave us the magisterium to guide us. Us in terms of what is objective, what is true and here's a big explosive statement, you know, there are no parts in God he's supremely simple yes, it's almost it's almost hard for us to grasp that his Justice at his mercy of the same yes, but when we talk about the transcendentals goodness truth and Beauty we're describing the source we're talking God himself God there is no distinction between goodness truth and beauty and yeah at its highest level and if you just if you just say I'm going to take goodness. I'm going to take truth, but I'm going to make Beauty subjective you have impacted the goodness and the truth. Well say well, it's a great made this little poison everything as just a little sidebar not that we need to go on a tangent yet, but why not some of made that argument that when you look at culturally what has happened when you don't have an objective standard for you? Edie you can look at what we believe what we believe is true because the church is always had this standard of Lex Iran deal extra. Dendi The Love Prayer is the law of belief right and our highest form of prayers the mass that contains with it course that which is truly beautiful, right? I mean, there's there's also this understanding that I mean we get into moral relativism In the modern age in a way that we start questioning. What is true? It's no wonder that we've questioned. What is beautiful? Well, you know why we question what is true? Because we don't like what the truth says. Yeah. That's like that can't be true. It's true. That makes me uncomfortable. That can't be good. I'm a good person and I don't like that. Yeah, it doesn't feel good. And then that can't be beautiful because it makes me uncomfortable because it's not what I like and if if I judge beauty is all the things that I like. They were in big trouble. But that's where we are where we live in such a subjective culture. Yeah, we've we've basically when you make everything true when everything is good when everything is beautiful, it doesn't have any meaning anymore. Nothing is Everett. Everyone is special. Yeah. So for instance if all music is beautiful and then could the argument made that all these expropriate for the Liturgy. I don't know. I do know know the truth doesn't make that statement we could talk about the science of Music. Yes, and we could say what is music at all. You know, what makes music different from the sound of a train going by now. Somebody would say well maybe nothing but I would I would say that what makes music different is that it's ordered sound like it's vibrations that are done in a certain order. It makes order out of the chaos and that the more beautiful music is The more ordered that it is now it's order mixed with surprise because that's where you get Beauty. It's like something is ordered. But there's this element of surprise to it. It's like you it's unexpected like you you think you have it predicted within there's a Twist and I think that all the great works of musical art, like universally accepted works of musical art contain an element of that. It's not perfect symmetry, you know, there's like an asymmetry to it. And you know, we need to come to grips with the fact that there is such a thing as objectively beautiful music whether you think it's beautiful or not. Yeah, and so we are on a constant Quest as a human as human species to discover. What is beautiful just like discover. What is true and discover what is good and we could arrive there on her own but we would also have a lot of mixture of error built-in and we've seen that in the history of music, you know, but Thing with the churches and with Revelation is that it has been now revealed to us what the truth is what the true good is and what the beautiful is so we can trust the church. I mean if we could trust the church to guide us into Truth by the power of the Holy Spirit and to teach us what is good. And what is evil then we also need to trust the church to tell us what is beautiful and there's been a lot of reflection, you know over the course of Salvation history on fit. Worship for God not just two thousand years, but no way more longer, you know, and it began you could say that Sacred Music really began with Moses and Sinai. And of course there was the the song that they sang that sort of spontaneous Act of Praise at the Red Sea after the Egyptians are washed away. But really that's not liturgical music yet. Yeah liturgical celebrations come with the building of the Tabernacle with the instructions given by God at Mount Sinai and what we Cover there isn't that primitive little these liturgical celebrations in the wilderness was absolute silence. There was no music. Music comes way down the line with the Advent of King David, you know as the psalmist and bringing music into the Liturgy for hundreds of years before then there was none and I mean we have to begin their it's like a music Springs from Silence it goes back into silence. Yeah, and if we just think music is a way to avoid silence, which I think can be a common experience, right? I've had comments at About silence in the Liturgy that it's awkward father, you know, or you know wide the song stop, you know, I've thought those thoughts before to when I want to avoid sounds because what a silence allow it allows a type of encounter. You don't have and on any other way with God if we're going to we can do this sort of like as a narrative. Let's begin with silence, you know, there's a document there's a document called sinks the Lord that the the US Bishops of Catholic Bishops a put out in 2007 not very long ago and they said this about silence is paragraph 118. They say music arises out of silence and returns to silence God is revealed both in the beauty of song and in the power of Silence the importance of Silence in the Liturgy cannot be overemphasized and just like yes silence can feel awkward just like truth can be awkward and the the real good the good. Is that reveals to us our own sinfulness? That's awkward and silence to that's where Beauty begins and you know, and then the Liturgy music really needs to have a relationship a kinship with silence. Like it can't be opposed to it. It needs to be organically related to it and so often just in our daily experience if we don't train ourselves. To embrace silence, you know, we try to avoid it. We try to fill it up. We turn on, you know our radio in the car. We press play on something we turn on the podcast like mr. Cat and we just avoid what Silence has to offer so many times during the day. I mean, there's a real spiritual crisis of Silence. Oh, yeah. I think it was Cardinal Roberts araujo said that it's almost like we're walking around. All day long in a noisy world and in our front shirt pocket, we have little pocket radio that also is always playing and it's and we don't even realize how busy and crazy our thoughts are because we're so distracted, but when you walk into a church in his analogy and you're suddenly surrounded with great silence for the first time you hear that radio and you realize wow, I always have this noise with me and it's only within the silence that you can finally quiet your mind. And yeah, for sure now think about this what if we understood silence as so precious. We had to have a high standard of when not to have it right of what is worthy to be heard instead. Right? I mean there really has to be a justification and when you consider silence in terms of prayer that if music even if music for Mass Sacred Music has to flow from silence and lead us back into silence. We need to first ask ourselves just as the person you know, who is being encountered by God who is Desiring that Counter whether we really want that encounter or not, you know, whether we actually appreciate silence before we say what do I prefer in terms of music, right? Because that's what I think we get into we jump to what do I want in terms of Music before I even asked the question do I want silence? And yeah, there's a real challenge because we're quick to jump to music as a source of comfort. Yeah. Oh gosh, and it is and that is our experience, you know that culturally and in one sense. There's absolutely nothing wrong about that and it's so good, you know music can remind us of you know, our favorite times during a certain area of our life like high school or like this was my parents favorite song to play or all sorts of beautiful associations with music or it can just get us fired up, you know to work out at least I've heard that right or it can get us, you know, in a certain mindset that can be so beneficial, but but but but is that all music supposed to do right? Right and where did I mean you could just we could just be talking about music right now? Yeah, and I'm not a musician like you're a musician you're skilled at it but the Liturgy has to both speak to those who are fluent in music and those like me who aren't right. Like I've said so many times. I don't know music well music and the Liturgy is not a music class and it's not a music appreciation course. It's not about learning like new songs that are going to you know, bring provide you comfort during the week. That is a often a happy byproduct. But what music is and liturgy is a is it has a function it is a tool it is there to support the liturgical action to elevate the liturgical texts to take away the veil from our eyes so that we understand that just the depth and the solemnity and the Mystery that we're entering into in the Liturgy and if the music that we choose Who's does not support the liturgical action or even worse begins to make the Liturgy support it like the music is being just supported by the Liturgy. Like the the Liturgy is just giving us an excuse to sing this song that we love as opposed to it coming underneath the Liturgy and supporting the action. Then we're in we've lost the plot. We miss the point for sure if we prefer the music if it's set somehow at odds are competing with the liturgical accident just a reminder like what is the liturgical action? It's the Paschal mystery. It's the action of God. You know that our Lord is saving us in the Liturgy. And so the passion death resurrection of Jesus Christ. Now, I think you might have shared a video with me and if you didn't someone did from that great scene in Star Wars where they're receiving their Commendation at the end, right and without any music. Yeah, they remove the music and you just hear like the squeaking leather jackets and the awkward beeps from our 2D and in that silence. It's socially awkward because like you're not expecting it and you're so used to the Music of your one of your favorite folks John will John Williams whoo getting into you know a to place Us in that scene in a very special way and that supports the action, but could you imagine if there was other music besides John Williams score there you might miss the action all together, you know, if it's not speaking to what's actually being done in that ceremony. Well the same is true with the mass, but how much more important is it than a Star Wars movie? I think it's you know, rather watch it quite a bit more important quite a bit more trouble finding the language to yeah Express adequately how much more important it is? Yeah, so just be silent. Okay. This is why this is why it's not just left up to us and our own preferences to choose music for literature. Well, and actually so here's What's So Scary right in that document you reference sing to the Lord. So the Bishops of the United States in their instruction to all of us who are responsible for Preparing Mass. They actually say whose responsibility first of all it is to prepare music for liturgy. And it scares me to death in paragraph 119. Or I should be so excited, but I'm actually very scared 119 says preparation for the celebration of the Sacred liturgy and particularly for the selection of what is to be sung at the Liturgy is ultimately the responsibility of the pastor and of the priest who will celebrate the mass. At the same time in planning, the celebration of mass. The priest should have in mind the common spiritual good of the people of God rather than his own inclinations. So here's the thing. The priest is on to prepare the music for Mass, but it can't simply be like as a priest my personal inclinations that dictate the day because I have my own personal preferences, right, but that's not supposed supposed to dominate but it is a real challenge. Because for so long as a priest, you know, I didn't understand that role. I didn't understand that especially as a pastor of a parish it is I'm I have to answer for every song we sing at Mass every chant. We do every liturgical action. I'm ultimately responsible for and not I don't have to answer first to the parishioners or to the bishop. I have cancer first to Jesus Christ whose action were entering into and that's what's so crazy. Right? Is that the responsibility falling on the shoulders of the priests? East is one. That is so great. Thanks be to God. It's not up to our whims or simply what I feel like or my preferences, even if they've been developed over time and really good and pleasant ways and even you know ways that can help with prayer in general if they don't Aid this particular liturgical action? What are we doing? So the thing that you just read reference the spiritual good? Yeah of the faithful thanks be to God. Yeah. You could I feel like you could Define that in so many different ways again, the subjective good, you know, what's good for me spiritually might be therefore. It's good for you spiritually. And of course, that's a lie, you know, there's an objective good. So what how would you define the spiritual good of the faithful like what what's our objective here? When well, the spiritual good of the faithful would be whatever Foster's Holiness of Life. Whatever Foster's that life. - Christ that we've been given in baptism and really whatever Foster's then us being united to the passion death and resurrection of Jesus Christ. Now, I had someone come up to me years ago who's actually appreciate her now. So this is kind of beautiful, you know, I'd said something in a homily that struck him and he came up after MIT to me after Mass and he said father I want you to continue what you're doing because you're you're comforting The Afflicted and your afflicting the comforted. And when he said that phrase Comfort The Afflicted afflict the comforted, you know in the same homily, right? He was thinking I could do both which thanks be to God if that ever happens right by God's grace that can happen. But different people at Mass need different things. So we talked about the spiritual good of all for some of us being called to the Paschal mystery is hard because I have to leave behind sin. I have to leave behind my attachments to this world for some of us it's hard. Because we realize how Grand and glorious God isn't how unworthy we are for some of us. So it's this tremendous joy, and we actually feel to our core the joy of being united to Christ and somehow the music at Mass has to speak to all of us. So for me, it's a matter of the spiritual good of the people always points to our Lord, right, but I don't get to just decide how to do that like the church the bride of Christ who's been entrusted with in the Liturgy instructs me. And the part we didn't read here is that I can have help which is awesome. So the pastor next paragraph May designate that the director of Music can help them out. Okay, which is a good and so hey you decided to be met at the end of the day. Yeah, it's your it's your product. I have to answer and that's all her. We never talked about it if we never discuss if we never go over then you have there's something lacking. Well, I think that's interesting because now we've this is what we've done a few episodes of this podcast now and we've talked a little bit about the significance of the Sacred liturgy and what we are called to be doing and participating in and how we're being transformed and and shaped and changed. Well also in seeing the Lord it talks about the purpose the primary role the primary role of music and I think you really can only understand this if you have all that. Other stuff in place like we're not just singing at Mass know we're singing them as and we'll talk about that. Exactly. I'm sorry. That's like you crazy that kiss me all wound up. But the idea, you know music elevates everything that we're doing it unifies us. It is sort of it Springs forth from all of our hearts into this one thing that we're doing together. It's a beautiful sign of our unity in Christ, but the primary role of Music according to the US. Bishop's in 2007 sing to the Lord. They say the primary mule role of Music in the Liturgy is to help and I like that help is to help the members of the gathered assembly to join themselves with the action of Christ. And to give voice to the gift of faith. The primary role of music is to help the gathered assembly to join themselves to the action of Christ. And give voice to the gift of faith when they when you when you understand that. You know, then I think you can intelligently enter into like, okay, what are the qualities? What are the texts? What are the songs that that we need to help the gathered assembly enter into the action of Christ in this moment because there's different moments within the Liturgy that we are wanting to enter into the action and how does this music help us to do this? Because we could do this without music and I think It's key to the mass doesn't need our music the music does help it really at you like because the mass without music, you know, very naturally has these very weighty moments of Silence. So we're going to have music at Mass. We got to justify why why do you break that silence and does the music complement the silence and lead us from it back to it. I mean, that's a whole different way to think about music at mass and when you start to think about what It means to sing the mass which is something that the priest the celebrating priest does, you know when they're chanting. The prayers is the music that we that we do as an assembly is that in Union with the music that the priest is doing or is there is there a huge difference where it almost feels like an interruption now, that's a great question. Right? Does it feel like an interruption but when you say music that the people are doing I know you're not just talking. About like what's opened up in the hymnal and some right? So what do you mean when you say music that the people are doing what's that also include? Well, I mean that includes like the chanting and by chanting I mean elevated speech. Yeah, you know, this is this is as ancient as humanity and I would have loved to have been there and it must have been in the first days of consciousness of Adam. And maybe he didn't sing until he saw Eve for the first time but there's this idea that there's speech which speech on its own is musical. It is ordered sound it is order and there is a musicality to Speech. But you know, what was that first musical note, you know the great music teacher and conductor and musician Leonard Bernstein. You know, he theorized that the very first note Have been just may have been a child calling out for his mother. Because it's like you're hungry calling out for milk or for your mother. And it's Mom and this this a this held sustained note that this the sustained pitch takes what he's saying or she's saying that child and elevates it to a level of new importance and when a whole group of people joined together in that one's sustained pitch. You know often contracts covenants prayers, they were Always sung that elevated speech and really I mean the word chant is perfect for that because it's dictated by the text itself like the musical the direction that the note the musical notes. These sustained pitches goes are dependent upon the text. So for example, if I was going to say hear my prayer O Lord You know, you'd say it hear my prayer O Lord, and maybe you would sing it hear my prayer ho Lord because it actually the way I say it indicates where I'm going to go with the chant. And so the the chant is just elevated speech. And so whenever we get join our voices together as an assembly to sustain these pitches together, we are elevating the whole prayer and that is I mean that is music that is music now, I love that understanding right that Music chant is elevated speech but just look at the whole reality of speech, you know in the beginning. We got to converse with God and the garden but all right away Temptation enters into speech, right? And then after sin the original sin, all of creation is affected even speech right? So now not only could make beautiful clothes and Covenants with God we can make falsettos we can make curses We cannot not only speak blessings, but we can speak a curse. We not only can glorify God with our speech but we can sin we can use speech tonight or we can use it to divide. And so there's like good and bad speech and then Tower of Babel Tower Babel versus the day of Pentecost. That's right. Yeah that you then Pentecost or the Tower of Babel this Now speech as this point of division of the people to Pentecost speech now being a way to unite the people back to God, but think about that too and just like we would get this and we if So, you know is every spoken word appropriate for the mass. No, so if not, every spoken word is proper to mass or every phrase appropriate for mass that we could say then why can we not then take it to the next extent then should L every elevated phrase or elevated word? That is sung be appropriate for the mess. This is why Latin has such a preeminent place in our liturgy because not only are we joining our voices together? You know to make a sustained pitch and to unify our hearts, but we are also joining together with the whole church throughout time who have pray these prayers in this exact way in language and that is a profound point of unity. And so even though it's strange for the American ear or the Canadian ear to hear this other language that has no real relevance. To our daily life that we can perceive when we sing in Latin we are we are uniting ourselves to the whole church of all different cultures and all different times all different places. That is really interesting because you know, we've both experienced liturgies then that instead of allowing Latin to like be what unites us, you know, you have people that have different Native tongues and I totally get the, you know, I speak in the language. I was raised in right and the English But you know, we've been to liturgies. We're like it's divided up and the Pastoral decision is made we're going to sing this song in Spanish. We're going to do this one in Vietnamese. We're going to do this one in English, right? And there's something nice about that in the sense that we're recognizing various cultures present. But here's the challenge in Olathe Kansas where we have our Parish. I was just counting up in my head how many Native languages that I know of depression errors that are present, you know, when it comes to our own person errs Spanish Portuguese. English Swahili French and that's not I mean, I don't even know what other native languages might be present. And so if we were to do that in a way that actually was inclusive right all of a sudden are you getting closer to Pentecost or he getting closer to battle? Right? Like if you take it to its logical conclusion now, that's not to degrade the Pastoral decisions of others who have to plan huge liturgies, especially across diocese and everything because that's a beautiful challenge but When are we going to embrace the silence? When are we going to relook at the language of the church in the Latin Rite? Right Latin? Yeah, and you know often whenever I bring up Latin which seems like among certain Catholic circles. It's a bad word. It's like the L word don't say Latin isn't that pre-vatican to didn't the second Vatican Council finally rid our like rid the Church of Latin so that you know, our masses could be more Seeker friendly and people would understand what's going on as the Latin was the thing that was Broken in the church and that we fixed it. But I mean this this idea is revealing an impoverished understanding of what the second Vatican Council actually taught like the second Vatican Council promoted Latin. It said yes, we can we can move to vernacular to the to the language of the different communities in areas, but we cannot lose, you know, this Heritage this unifying language of our faith, which is Latin and even in Ian back to the document sing to the Lord one point paragraph 75, they say that each worshiping community in the United States including all age groups and all ethnic groups should at a minimum learn, you know the carry a which is Greek, but the song tus the holy holy holy in Latin and the Agnus Dei the Lamb of God in Latin in Latin and then they say more difficult chance such as Gloria and Rings of the Creed and the Our Father might be learned after the easier chance of a mastered and this is at a minimum. This is 2007. Yeah, and I do feel for people who have been told different things, especially by priests who are well-meaning who lived through time of great transition in the church, and we're all dealing with that and we all have experienced that to various degrees and you know for some people there are some real deep scars, but I want to get past the self-loathing right like we shouldn't I hear what the church teaches and say no. No, but that reminds me of my childhood my childhood was bad. So I want to get away from it. It's like listen, we have to either let the church be our mother or not at a certain point, you know, and so it really is hard and I get that and I totally feel I have the heart of a pastor. Thanks be to God in my heart broken when people are hurting and I want to help but I don't know a way to actually help everyone that's apart from habit. Teaches us to hmm. So it is a responsibility of a priest to choose the music of mass and said, you know what I understand. I understand the idea of hearing Latin and being like well this isn't for me. Yeah, I don't we don't speak like I don't speak Latin only place in the world that has ATM in Latin is in Vatican City, right like to actually do our day-to-day business. We're not speaking Latin anymore. And I don't listen to Gregorian chant on my commute. No, you know like it's just it's so other Either it's not for me. And when I hear Latin in church, I can understand how some people would feel like they're being alienated. They're being pushed aside. They're being told that you don't matter get with the program. But the truth is when you actually investigate the reason for Latin in the Liturgy and you see it as actually a point of unity not alienation. You see it as a point of unity not just with people all around the world, but with people through the centuries, you know, you see a language that is static. And that does not change that Latin is a dead language in the sense that it's not evolving anymore. And so we were able to achieve a Clarity with Latin that we just can't with English that they're the chance that we sing in Latin will always be the same now the holy holy holy in English will change look at how language look at how English was 500 years ago compared to how it is. Now that will change as we continually translate it to to To get back to what the Latin is saying, but the Latin will never change. There's this this sense of stability and this Unity with the Latin language that we must appreciate within the Liturgy sure and I think some people just just aren't aware that you know, the prayer book formats right now the Roman missal the homeboy it is again the robot Bissell. How is better? They had I can't believe I keep saying official the row Michelin Man missile, you know even since 1962 right where the come experience has been more praying in the vernacular at Mass the distinction Pope Benedict XVI made was, you know, the ordinary form and the extraordinary form of the ordinary forms not referring first to language. It's actually referring to the prayers organized in the missile. And so the addition of the missile that we use predominant right now the ordinary form of the mass actually first is in Latin like the way that we celebrate Mass right now has an approved English translation. Ian which we use but it's in Latin also like we could still pray the Latin mass in what is now referred to as the ordinary form and you know, that's that's that's a that is an option to write and we're already on the third translation of that right now third turn the Latin has into the Latin has not changed. No, but the translations have had to be updated already three times since the 60s. It's pretty amazing when you consider that the church's official documents are all still in Latin. It's not something that we you know should just take lightly and say oh no, we don't do that anymore. Like this is part of our beautiful Rich Heritage and who we are still and that's coming from somebody who took 50 minutes of Latin formerly. Right? Like I only took one class period of Latin and Seminary. I'm a Simplex priest in some ways right now. The guys now are being formed much better and they're they're going through more language studies, which is beautiful, but they're not necessarily coming out. Fluent and even before the second Vatican Council, even when Seminary was in Latin, like it wasn't that everybody was fluent in Latin there was a ton of saints that had challenged but this is all just to say right now. We need to First Look to what the church provides and not just rejected out of hand. So when you think about Latin and you think about the music for the Liturgy, yeah the liturgical music and how chant you know, is this elevated speech? Is really like the sort of the primary music of liturgy that everything flows from everything is related to well. We can't just think of chant in English, you know, it's flowing from how it was chanted in Lang in Latin, which is this objective reality and going back to the objectivity of Truth goodness. And beauty is like well, where do we go to find the objective beauty that the church has given to us primarily. It is the Latin it is the Latin chant not just the text but How the music moves with that text because remember the text indicates where the music should go and so when we gather to sing in our vernacular in our English, we should be those liturgist those sacred musicians. We should be guided by how it was done in that universal language of the Church of Latin and that's really interesting because I think it brings us to the point that the mass the text of the mass. It does have assumptions about music in it. Right when it comes to like the Anna fawns at mass and where those are. So what I mean, I didn't do it to fuck. Yeah. Well, we'll get to it in a fun. It's like it but what I'm getting to is like we are so often in the United States today the common experience at mass is that you're singing A Hymn that wasn't first in Latin that wasn't given to us by the authority of the church as fitting first of all for the mass. It's later on been first written in English and then it's been approved by the Bishops for use at Mass but it's like, okay great. Great great, but we're getting so far now away from the objective standards that the church has used that word. Yeah, it's appropriate in some senses if pester early judge that way but it is like you're given permission. It's not that wasn't designed. It wasn't many of these songs many of the even though the great classic hymns. Yeah, we're not actually written with the liturgical action in mind. They were not written for the mass. Yeah, they weren't written for the mess. Like we're using music that was written for just listening and Women or for some other purpose of prayers for private worship private devotion or Liturgy of the Hours. Yeah, Liberty hours a lot of is for him there and liturgy but then we take those and we just we put them into the mass and the question we have to ask ourselves. I think this will lead us into the next little part of the discussion. The question we have to ask ourselves is if we're singing this hymn. What are we singing in place of because there is always something given to us in the Mitchell. There's always something given to us in the actual right and the church in her great love and sort of pastoral sensitivities says to us. If you don't want to do this first thing here are other options and you can even if you run out of all those other all those other options don't work for you you can even bring in a If it's been approved sure now the interesting thing is I don't think it should necessarily just be viewed as if you don't want to you know, like as a pastor trying to wrestle with this. It's like okay, it's not based on my inclinations first. Maybe I don't know or have Proficiency in the tones to chanting antiphon. Okay. Well that can be addressed but maybe for this Mass. I can't address it before then. So let's sing a hymn that we all know, right. So ahem is like a stepping stone a step should be to get to a Eventually the ideal that the Church offers mrs. That's how I'm reading the documents and I know different people might look at them and say no. No, but it's allowed to just stick with it. But here's the thing. I've never found that spiritually beneficial in anything in my life right of if we do the minimum in this area of life will just be fine. What do you think about people who just do the bare minimum gosh. Now that's saying it as me who used to have the nickname the counter One of my best friends because my life settled for the minimum in so many ways. I'm not saying I'm like amazing. I just it's it's bothering me still right whenever we settle to say no. No, let's just do the minimum people like it. It's like yeah, I like the minimum to and if I did the minimum and when it came to the food right beating out of gas station every day. Which disgusting? No, I'm not some gas stations made if we got sponsored by quick trip. I wish there was a timer next to every hot dog. So I know how long is this million of that disgusting? Here's how you can care about hot tip lifehack. When I worked at the movie theater the way you knew a hot a roller dog. They're officially called roller dogs in my heart a roller dog was ready is that it's sweating on the ends. I don't want any sweat nearby food, but you don't use them were sweating when you talk about food, you know. Say that hot dogs over things. It's sweating. It's ready for me eat it. I don't want any hot dog sweat. That's disgusting. But what I'm talking about delicious charcuterie, okay back-to-back to liturgical music. I'm sweating. Now. The funny thing is here. We're talking about hymns as stepping stones and as like, you know Replacements to be a pejorative thing like that. We're saying no no, no, hymns bat. No. No, it might be totally pastorally appropriate, right? Right, but my point lot but most efficient but my point is that some people look at hymns and say you're going to traditional on us. Oh, yeah, and so we're talking about hymns is like well, they're stepping stone to something more even more traditional. It's like it's like the worst nightmare there might be people out there like who pulled their cars over and like what do they say? Do you know what we haven't even we haven't even talked about like, you know, like contemporary Protestant music that's being done in the megachurch down the road sure and what how that's maybe Is that appropriate for the Liturgy? I'm talking about like hymns. Like you know, listen. No, I think you touched on it obviously because all creatures of our God and get out and not quite appropriate for what you have even talked about. I can only imagine yet. Okay, I can only imagine how that would go Curtis likes to name names. Well, okay nothing about be called out but this rejection of tradition just because its traditional is a wound our Lord wants to enter into with all of us right because I think there's there's a thing that happens in every generation this like Rebellion against what has been handed on but if we're going to mass and it's not rooted in the tradition, then I have no idea what we're doing because the most traditional thing we do at Mass are the words of Our Lord himself at the Last Supper. This is my body. You know if we don't want their tradition then I don't know how we fulfill what our lord said when he said do this in memory of me. Right? Like he entrusted the church with sacred tradition and if we don't want it. Then the mass is going to be very difficult all the mass in and of itself. I mean is tradition. Yeah the idea of tradition. I mean the Greek word is paired didn't I it literally means to hand over to give and this the same word. Jesus says when he says the father has pair of did amide me a kingdom. And now I paired it my that Kingdom to you. He said to the apostles at the last supper at the institution of the Eucharist my father tradition to me a kingdom and I tradition it to you. In fact even on the cross. when we have present all the sacraments of initiation you know he gives up his Spirit he's he has the sword in his the spear in his side and blood and water come forth with that that phrase give up his spirit is paired that am I wow he hands over his spirit so I mean this idea of the tradition is something that's being handed over and GK Chesterton he said there's such a thing as the democracy of the Dead yeah like we who are alive right now are like the tiniest minority of the church like we're just this little sliver and yet sometimes we have the arrogance to say well we know better when all of the people who came before us who handed on this precious tradition and we're just going to say well we have decided the living majority yeah when we are so outnumbered yeah and that's that's I think you know after the second Vatican Council and maybe before they're talking about hermeneutics how do you view things and there's like this understanding of okay you can see how we celebrate mass now versus how we celebrating mass and each now what's the extraordinary form the 1962 missile and the other missiles before that as either a hermeneutic of rupture we're like we've ruptured from tradition and now that's okay so you know we've broken so we're broken so we're just going to do something new or there's a hermeneutic of continuity tenuity and I think in our own Hearts we have to try to do that you know do we want to have this continual link to Jesus Christ or do we want to break from it If we're honest our sins break from Christ right our fallen nature concupiscence this draw towards sin is a draw towards being broken so I get the hermeneutic of rupture like let's try it better we can do better but there has to be a humility in the spiritual life of I need a receipt What is being given to us by God himself and whether we like it or not, you know to reject sacred tradition is to reject Jesus Christ. If it truly is the pair of denim, I right what our Lord handed over to us, then if we're not handing it on ourselves. What are we doing? We're handing ourselves not ourselves United to Christ but hand just ourselves and I love that word continuity because it's not like here's the thing you have to do it exactly the same way. It's there. That's not what we're saying. Because in each generation and each culture, you know, there is going to be ways that we make it our own. I mean, it's just natural because we are the ones doing it. We're the ones saying these prayers and bringing the our music into liturgy with these guidelines, but it's not like we're innovating and that's the key. We live in a culture of innovation the newest thing it always has to be the newest and better thing and it's like this song this song were singing this was written before I was born. I don't want to sing this but When we talk about continuity where it's like it's like a growth. It's like it's always organically related to what came before. It's a continual like a blooming of like an outflow and and I get that desire that we have to like make something just meaningful to me like this is super meaningful to me but that in the church in the spiritual life is where devotional practices come in where you can have a Devotion to the divine mercy, and I can have a Devotion to the precious blood of Jesus Christ. Now, that's the same devotion, but go with me right or I could have a Devotion to st. Joseph that you don't have to have right but when it comes to liturgy when that's the work for the people, right then that's not a matter of just devotion of what's good for you can be good for you. And what's good for me is good for me in the spiritual life. This is something we have to have in common. But the problem is we view everything sometimes through just a devotional lens of what do I prefer right now that has its place in some aspects of prayer. But now when it comes to the mass like what gives me my fuzzies I want my fuzzy. I would love to hear my warm fuzzy feelings curious. Have you ever had a warm fuzzy? I've had many warm fuzzy feelings. I can't think of the last time I had a warm and fuzzy feeling listening to music and mass so I get warm and fuzzy all the time. But I mean, yeah, I think you actually have to be careful of the warm and fuzzies. I think you can get hooked on shirts now and growing up in a charismatic tradition where it was all about the manipulation of emotions. I'm very wary of music that touches bugs on emotion well, and we've talked about that, you know properly ordered emotions versus emotionalism, right? And I think just something that our Lord asked me in prayer all the time is do you want me or do you want what you think it would be like to be around me to be associated with me right? Do you want me or do you want me plus the warm fuzzy? And all the time I have to say Lord. No. No, I actually do just want you and it's okay if the Liturgy feels like it's training us right? It's not a cooking show. It's not just here's what you do to go do this at home. No, we can only do this together on the all right for a couple minutes and we'll get back to that in a second. Yeah, and it's not it's not simply a birthday party where because you like Thomas the Tank Engine that you get a Thomas on your cake, right and and know it is the Paschal mystery poured out for us so we have to realize I'm broken I'm tempted to rupture instead of continuity and so am I going to have the humility to accept what has been handed on the tradition or am I going to just reject it because of my wounds man that the masses for you if you are wounded the masses for you because you get to be United to all those who have been redeemed you know what the analogy is really we're not Broken where addicts, you know, we are addicted to all of the stuff in our life that gives us Comfort all and that includes music. It's definitely entertainment, you know that we escaped using our entertainment. So when we come to the Liturgy, I mean what was what's truly happening in sanctification in our progress of the spiritual life is we are going through withdrawals. I mean, that's what it is. It's renunciation. There is no spiritual progress without the cross the catechism says which is A graph 2015 easy to remember no spiritual progress without the cross without renunciation without saying no and without experiencing that that suffering of letting go so when we come to mass I mean warm fuzzies the constellations are good, but let's be honest, we're addicts and it's actually very uncomfortable. It's akin to an addict being brought out of the basement where they like are doing heroin and told this is what's healthy come up here in the sunlight and jog every morning. Yeah, and it's the worst. Yeah, we do not want that does not give me warm fuzzy. I'm puking on the side of the road. No because there can be a difference between what I want and what I actually need which is actually good for me or in what I or you know, what's bad for me, but I'll still justify right because I want it woe to us if we try to turn any prayer and to something that just serves me instead of our service to God, but especially the gift of the mass right like we are called a so much more than just trying to Preciate the mass on our own terms. We need to have the humility to appreciate it on God's terms because it's his action to be continued. You've been listening to mr. Can your podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis? You've been listening to mr. Can your podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis?