Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you shut up Gary it for giving me this nice little Shiner. All I know is he walked with a couple of bruises for sure. Fuck you I dodged as if you I know travel got some food you got like he kept ducking down every time there was a kick here like he was like they kick pretty high and I was like dog, you're gonna go low. They're gonna kick. Hi. Yes. I'm just blocking it Like You See It Coming. Yeah exactly. Yeah. How it was. Start to finish from start to Poppy. Um, and I like I feel like since we put out the demo we've been getting like a better reaction like people in other words more and stuff like groceries and they're kind of they're like shouting it to the Michaels cool to see like fucking angel from walk down. Yeah. He's like grabbing the mic with Andrew on vocals and stuff. It's cool. It's fun because like like I wrote a lot of the lyrics so it's like it feels good to like have like people know my words and yeah, that's all right. That's one. That's really cool. And dogfight was also cool to look for you. Yeah, I always loved catching that. Yeah, man that second show that we played at the CBR house was cool. Like I never expected to get that reaction. That was the that was the one I got moved. Okay, right. I was supposed to be in like Competition in Inglewood, I think people would and then that poor thing happened and then it ended up being at CDR and that was a cool reaction started like expected to get that certain like an hour or two hours later. So, you know and still people showed up with really cool people even shut up for the last band and he was still going. Yeah. Yeah - mmm not having anything like that. It was High Ground. Yeah, they put inputs that they played on it and they played a really quick settings like 10 minutes. Yeah, like ten minutes or so. Yeah, there was a lot of those are for some actually saw them. Yeah. Those are cool. They're like groovy it was funny last night. When when when you guys as soon as you guys were done playing Faith and you guys just intro music. Hey guys, just wishes. And when I like who's up next ex? Oh, I don't think this is the same and then like everyone was everyone was tripping out. I think I went to the front for a minute. I forgot who was out there and like this which then I was like, yeah Exile just kind of sort of like dogfighter switches up and Janice Exile and then it was like wait. It's like a band that has like say members. Did you switch nothing yet? I gotta check. This fucking was just so confused. They were like amazing. What about putting out maybe like a three-song dogfight tape weird and then like kind of picking and choosing like our strongest songs. Hell, yeah, because we have one in the works. Yeah. It's pretty it's called No fate and that was pretty cool. It's the school lake bass intro and we had this other idea for like a song called Year of the Dog and like like it's going to be heavy. Like I have the idea of it being like really fucking heavy like this big fucking sound. Yeah, so I want to like try to work that out and then depending on how that goes like just pick and choose, you know the songs for the demo. But yeah, I want to like in the next like month or two. Yeah, definitely and then yeah, when was it that you guys put out the demo for exile for the living in Paradise, right? Yeah, it was like in December. This tapes look really sick. And you did that artwork, right? There was two different versions. There was like the original which was the white women and then there was like the iron Reagan room. Dude, I love when you guys played I think that was the second show the CVR a show dog fight. We did the kids like us we did it. Yeah, we're thinking about switching. Well, I really like you grab the mic. That's why I love that that that album like or whatever out of control. Manya Monster Squad and Outta control those. Yeah that's tractor, but I've heard that a It was like the split that they did with the mongoloids, right and they covered each other song. Yeah, and they'd be like dude the kind of like their own version of it, right? Yeah, those really cool. I thought that was sick. I think I think I brought that up on it episode. Actually that like I think a band should do that now, that'd be fucking cool like walk down or something like yeah, that's just funny like in the chat. It was just like I'll send videos and they'll be covering like our song is oh, yeah, they do that a lot in a box dude, that'd be sick lockdown and Exile do two songs of each other. Yeah, I think they're like a really good bad in the like the local scene right now the shadow locked in Joe lockdown. Do you like them in like face facts? Like I always tell those guys and I feel like I don't know. I feel like I'm kind of fat boy away, but they're like really good. Yeah. I just I really hope the lockdown demo never comes up. Yeah, fuck the luck. She's never coming out. The only time you will ever hear lockdown is live. Yeah, like bring your own like thing to record them and then you will have a fucking Devil Himself. Awesome Grateful Dead. That shit we're going to do that for you. If only we like we're never going to come out with anything you bring whatever you record with and you make your own tapes and you traded amongst so great. And then trade live tape someone from service is it was different sets every time you play - oh, yeah. I know that's very like popular like is the Grateful Dead tapes. Yeah, because they like do they vary the like, Wisconsin like fucking a 73 years or whatever the fuck and then they'll be like California like 70 whatever. So just like they make copies of those and be like, yo, you have like California like maybe whatever 19 minutes. Yeah, like did I got it like though I'm like, you know, they traded and that's good. That's gonna be locked down. I think they have something good. Yeah, yeah, the five-star the cancer benefit. Yeah, we should go. Yeah, let's go. I'm gonna go. Yeah right now. Yeah, I think I can live down. Yeah, I like five. Sorry. That's cool. That that show that field day and Sweet Soul show FYI that Ernesto did was really cool the hand drawn fire. Do you want to start making like a little Video Edit some shit for like shows and stuff and it's super easy super easy. Tokyo you guys for the FTC called? Like I think I know you for the tour for the core. Yeah. It's for the core almost had it. No, I still have Shot Ya Know. Yeah, who was on that there was like yeah, I think I was like sweet so I can't even think of anybody else. It's up to us. We could play that the CBR house at CPR Festa. Yeah. They're very cool. I think they're a couple times and they just did like a benefit. I think like somewhere in the high desert was cell damage and reclaim. Yeah. It's a little yeah like a school that looks so. I wish I wish I wish I was in that Middle School like a little kid, right? Oh my God. Yeah. Can you remove got turned on to write those kids lives probably changed forever. Yeah, definitely I've ever I seen bands play by remember being a kid kind of like snobby like spends 12 sewed and after they made mistakes but like we're claims fucking bad. They get there. It's funny seeing a light band like and seeing them. Fuck up. Yeah like a lockdown. Yeah, like lockdown every show. They glad for this dude, like when we first started playing with him every fucking show like first song making string because he would practice like two three weeks with those strings won't change them and then like yeah, that's why she's always breaking. And then salsa verde there's no playing with you guys. Yeah, when is that again? April 12 and Chula Vista? We're just real legs. Fuck. Yeah. Yeah, you guys are playing in several. You know when we know. Oh, yeah again, I just want to fly today. It looks cool. It looks like it's going to be a fun show. Union front however gonna be tight. I'm excited and then I think we have a show this Sunday. It's we're playing with reclaim its dogfight up somebody called. I don't know if it's a bad. I did see that dog fighting to reclaim. Yeah, and there's some I don't know if it's like a person or that's up and it says Belladonna and then it's a bank called wilted. Yeah. Or the days and we just fly straight away. I was like, all right, I'll do it. It's like the hand like the handbag or so, it looks like a if like if like 15 fools, like I like I'll convince the guys to put in and I will put in like 10 bucks each you fly to the window you do it but live there and fix it afterwards. What are you guys been like bumping recently? Just like as far as your tunes on Spotify after backtrack? Yeah cold world. Listen to like same shit. You backtrack. They're cool. They're just groovy simple music things you feel like just kind of relate to you know, it's accessible then I also bought and I listen to music while so yeah the race them all times. Yeah, like I can true dude. It's so it's so fucking good. Yeah. It's such a good intro like I like that sample you have you have Spotify I do. What did you get like that little as soon as you open it, it's like you're one of the top fans of whatever. No. Yeah. I got that. I think it was no no. Yeah, like when you as soon as you open an app and it like tells you like. Oh you're in the top whatever percent. Yeah, you're the one percent top one percent fan of this artist. Yeah. It was it was angel dust Angel - yeah because you listened to it. So yeah, I just started I literally just downloaded Spotify like three months ago. Okay, like I got like a free trial. So it was like I really used to think was that for you. Come on guy. Come on, you have an out of here. It was free for like three months and I didn't really use it that much dude. You got to know it's over the free. So you guys now you're paying because you guys know I'm gonna pay for it, but that it was worth it for like whatever. Both of you. Listen to the park is happening. Yeah, it's on Spotify and apple and the get the after but people don't really I mean some people listen through anchor but it's more on Spotify and apple, but if you I'm just gonna fight you I think I listened to one other podcasts like I've been like pretty busy. I didn't catch up like listen to her like they're fun. What is it when you're drawing your something that's like I think this is episode 18. That's cool. Dude. I know we're just trying to just kind of like second episode was Angel lockdown and makes his here, right? That means here. Yeah, and then and then we had a gland and Lando was the third episode from risk and What was the fourth one Elliott something like that? Yeah, maybe yeah, I think so. Yeah for fifth wheel. Yeah. Yeah, they're like Ruben and all that Maxie. That was a pretty early one onto I was like 11 Ruben was like number eight. I think rather risk my fucking finger a show at the five star is still on the school seen him on stage with going, bro. I don't know. Oh, yeah, I think he's referring to like the first time where you really set off. I think that really set off five star for like getting a lot of hardcore. As machine it's kind of saying when I like I'll get good stage size in but a lot of time I look goofy as hell. This is that my feeling and I was like your long because you fall. Yeah. You're not asleep when you jump you keep going. Everyone likes to marry a March Madness mice - that's been a tradition for years. Like March is been the time to book you like every fucking shows going on in March and yours are good jobs going on. Yeah lack of interest is the same night and it already sold out. Yo, I'm so bummed about that. That is a CI. I think the people who are going to go to drain or still going to like that. Yeah the people and that's those people but I know some people who are going to go to like, you know, there's a handful of people go. Yeah back and forth vice versa, you know? Yeah because I'm sure I want to see a c/xdc in cave State wait, how far is the wreck from? It's not that far. Not that far pretty cool for like 10 minutes. I'm not gonna lie dude, like people I suggest you stay for the secret Bend. Yeah. I yeah, it's gonna be really where I'm at. Yeah, because like the secret band to have them at CB our house is like it's pretty one. It's a secret said by the Bannon to there's like a couple of special little added things to each other set. Yeah, it's little biscuit guessing God. Damn it. He had to say ever take a shot down now. All right. Well, no, but yeah. Collect the first thing I could that's actually true. Sorry. We got some artifacts on the table. I found this rug like that to the school of the air bag of rocks. But if I can and I was going to handle wall so head to wall-to-wall Union front. Yeah, well negative Point initiate wise initiate wise. Yeah. It's a record release. Yeah, if initiate force is recognize real life saw an issue. They were cool. But yeah, it was so dark that they played this. Well for like whatever that was chopped up the queer punks that she was fucking dope dude garbage. I think was on that. Actually I put that that set on YouTube actually. Yeah. Oh, yeah you did you did. Yeah. I think it's proven to keep ramping up some you gotta go. That's right. Bro 7th Gear. So what is it? It's 2020, but we're on our 2024 shit right now. That's right. Yeah. Well, yeah. Danny speak on like you're tattooing a little bit to how long have you been drawing and then like tattooing like kind of officially well, I've been trying some since I was a little kid Mmm Yeah always liked drawing like little cartoons nothing like crazy, you know, like never been really been like that good like I used to trace a lot like like comic books and shit, you know within like for somebody to tell me like what you got a drawer like your own shit, you know, so that's why I started running like my own little like superheroes and stuff. so I hope meet at Uni I started getting tattoo when I was like 18 and just like going to the my tattoo guy and like just like like the process. Yeah, it was like really crazy. You know, like it just blows my mind. Like it just seems so primitive. It's been around like forever. Yeah, just like getting fucking marked. Yeah. It's like my ancestors did it, you know and it's like I feel like it's just something super so fucking Primal. Yeah, and and I just like I feel like like I had to do it, you know, I remember asking my tattoo guy like yo, like, can you teach me like I was a do that little Street for me. Yeah you do the Lord Yama like get into it somehow and I've been doing it like three years first year was a very on and off and I did start hitting it have utilised 20 like 2018 and that's why like that's not like I met you guys and I've been tattooing like poking along the homies and to go from that to when's the first time that you meet CBR crew then Angela's house. That was at Magnolia That's true. That's true. Actually see Magnolias very first set and even knows Doyle. Yeah that show so crazy told me that I was like bullshitters out. So we played with flowers and Infinite Crisis in Pomona this our first show ever got was with this is like July 2018. I don't know anybody out there by myself all scared. No, no keep going. But yeah, I was like no way you're here. Getting there. I was there there was like fucking probably like twenty three people there. Maybe it was like it looked like it was probably like it was probably some fraternity like house type shit where it's like big ass, like living room upstairs. Yeah like big. Yeah. It was cool. Riley. People are just doing nothing. That's the way it did the thing you got it was like different lineup. Uh, yeah. Yeah, that was like the original guys or whatever. I think I remember meeting the the do the originally played drums with you. Yeah, you look like written. Yeah Aidan was our original drummer and then this guy named Juan was our original guitarist. And that's how I actually met mig's an angel is because Li Quan, I think he went to like, yeah middle school with Meg's or Don't you fucking world dude? Eventually. I met I think the first first time I like officially met you and miggs. Was that CBR 3 you in Magnolia play? Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that's cool. That's the first time I met you guys Angelo's house, huh? Yeah. Yeah, of course. Yeah, we had three buckets of beer. There was a lot of beer. Three big fucking bucket. There was there's a picture laughter like with puke all over himself and they're like, yeah the problems of like all busted. He didn't have enough change and he's like, oh, I'll give you your change later. You owe me you might change me. A lot of people together for the yeah. There was a lot of people there to we're so much really so much we are is knows a lot of viewers so much with Edibles for sale for like five bucks. Oh, yeah. She's trying to throw another shows the same lineup Frisk you there's a lot of like Different styles of music in the scene besides like Punk and stuff. What else? Daniel to chase it with the beer. All right, cool. Anyways anyways Matter like not known her coordinates to where like they have their night like that. There's no more like that kitty, like who book that she would Nightmare and kitty thing and what and who or whatever I put this. You said something with you because I don't drink anyways, let's get to a fucking better topic fucking what when did when did Exile let's give us like your roots when did like Exile start? It wasn't till we know we don't know. That's what he what he said to you was like, yeah, I like I like play like lead guitar and I was like all really like you fucking you shred of stuff and he's like, yeah shred. I believe people actually say yeah sure a lot of people because I don't want to be like that guy, you know, and I was like you shred though because like if you don't it's cool like we don't like God like he's looking like really good, you know, like you really does Focus read music. Let's change the name and then what's like the first show what's going on with you and in front of the five-star, I remember. Oh, that's right. We were booked by like this like weird Facebook promoter lady named like I think I know you talking about Jenny Thomas was a play that show with us, but for whatever reason because I told you I was like what? Yeah. Yeah, it wasn't in the bank. I wasn't a fan of Murphy made me a pic like before we played out of a CD out of a out of an old like the current card and I'll kick her for a hotel like Murphy made me a pic in his car because I didn't have one. We went to a party before hand and what I you're going to come back, I just gotta play the set real quick and then we went and it was me and Irving and like Murphy drove us. He made me a pic and like I think I was like the first time ever because of 5 stars. Yeah, I like refuse to let I like biking block those shows out of my memory. That's why I said that the first show was the one in the west go with you guys. Okay, that was a good show. About my candles on my sofa. I remember your little for the fucking set up for you guys. It's like capes and gentlemen. Yeah, that's what I remember getting a tape from you guys out there though. Trust the process. No one bought anything that they should be. I think that's the last one is it like ever that's tight? I think that's the last one in existence and we're never going to press that again so I can press that's the second one in the last night. Are you guys out of the Exile tapes? Of the rips the iron regular ones and we have likes and salsa salsa verde put all those out, right? Yeah. Say something really quick everybody. All right. Yeah right now everyone voted them for their do tape need. Hell. Yeah. Yeah, that's all talking about he wants to do dogfight. He really wants to do that but clever though the Black Flag rip I have that's a thong. I'm doing a I'ma Do the whole new life in a month his fucking his tape Heat. Has dropped it right but when I've been posting like my homie I posted. Yeah, who was like the first rap shit on Syria. You're gonna dump them. Yeah, I'm gonna fuck. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I did we do different shit. Yeah like that needs to come out. Do you like that shit hits home. Everyone was in the sideshow like do you like that? Shit hits move? Yes, I chose. Yeah. What is that working? Like they find that it's just look up like literally just looked up Sideshow like if I need I take like Farley you a regime. Can go to Spotify. Listen to that shit's on Soundcloud. It's everywhere. Like listen to that shit bro, like that shit hits home and some Spotify and apple music now. Oh, yeah, this is cool. It's beautiful. It's fucking beautiful. It's gorgeous. Like everyone has to listen to that like it's it's otherworldly man. Yeah. Everyone is special what other like stuff you guys like stoked on out like not even like hardcore related like any movies or fucking or any like random shit that people think that's really like what like you get the most out of life like in my life. My passion is my music and being able to like express it with like people I care about like it's a unique experience that like, I'm just enjoying right now. So like I would like I really want to write new music for Exile and and you know get dog by going with like some demo so, you know people feel like Here as you know, because we don't have an Instagram. I don't think we're gonna make I think at least if you get ab and camper, yeah, they were like music music but I don't think we're gonna have like much internet presence. But yeah, yeah, honestly to like thinking about like Instagram some people at work for some people it works to not have it to like say like like what wise for instance? Yeah, you don't have Instagram, you know, I think there's a lot of bands that don't have anything like that. He just got there's not even that long ago. You didn't even a band from the right. Yeah. Argan oil but yet, I mean sitting like what you said, I mean, I believe the only be I really have that in like making tattoos, you know, yeah dogfight. Fucking cool dogfight is probably like that's been in like the back of my mind for years. Now, you know, I never really wanted to be like like, you know, how there's like Earth Crisis is like very militant. Yeah, you know, like I would like to have like something similar that like bring like more attention to like like animal abuse, you know, like I know the names like dog fighting is on the aggressive put it like in no way do not condone like the abuse of animals like we think that's super Locked up and that's something that like really makes me angry like dog fighting like it's like wanted to bring like some kind of attention to like, you know, just like animal rights and said yeah Paw Patrol. Yes. Like time is time is like you only have so much of this and so I you know, it's like if you do it, you really can't we have to have the passion for yeah, I can't really want to do it. You know, we are likely said the like seeing like other girls, I mean because eventually you get you'll get start getting paid and eventually stuff like that, but it's not up for a long time. You won't in like if you expect that like I could count actually count the very few times we've been paid. Yeah, and it feels like it's just for like gasps. I don't freak out but it's cool. Like since we fucking treated it real well like yeah, they made a cool like fucking relationship. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, they definitely have like our backs like we did they're about to like they're about how much is it a day? It's like a hundred bucks a day, but like they're cool like but think about if you talk to him, I don't pull it up and then we pay that like first and then whatever we make this is like money. Yeah. Yeah, and it's not that bad. They don't charge mileage. You know, it's just like that except the right. Yeah. That's the rate. That's it's really good for a hundred a day. Just because they Siege and seen your face facts that they used to live there something and he knows people. Okay. I'm out there but I mean, yeah, that'd be cool. Dude. Tucson's really sick. I saw a point of contact point of contacts doing a little tour or whatever and they're not even coming to LA or anything. They're just going to Tucson. Okay, it's I saw as far as though it's the kind of odd run. But yeah, hell yeah face facts I saw over here. Talking to stage two there from like the high desert or whatever Coachella Valley damn it. There is a lot of beer that was like my favorite fucking stop fucking was like 50 people like 50 or more of those really in there like sausages. Did I already I couldn't even open the door. I was like trying to open the door and are we get so lucky Eric was sleeping in front of the door. I remember I was a kid to fuck anyone use the restroom doesn't do what the fuck dude fuck this. I just like walked out. But it was the fucking motel for two people. Yeah. Oh, yeah for two people to people and they charge you by the person and the people that were there to get caught. Yeah. I'm a thing like there with it. I mean it was just one night. Yes. I was wondering when everybody got there. They were be so fucking loud really loud. Yeah. Like Lucas fighting on the bed with we really fighting land ahead. Just like fucking sprained his angry video trying to chill and this wasn't right next to them just like roughhousing. They're dry humping each other and then I really was a video where I took my shirt off and I like I like dog growls Booth. Oh, yeah, and then you hear Eric in the video. He's like, no the beer guys. I'll be right there. And a man was chill van was super she's always really cool sleeping and was it weeds are we miggs? Lando makes Brenda where you into town knows it was Aaron and Andrew and I we were sleeping in the fucking tent that was super tight. I know you got you guys set up the tent and then before anybody gets in it they walking in Miguel's in there all wrap up today. That was it was too small, you know, we couldn't we couldn't sleep like comfortably so luckily Aaron or basis took free content and we set up right there. It's like on the grass and I remember it was like 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning and the sprinklers came on in the water's coming through and we had maybe 40 minutes of sleep. Okay, cool. Like time to fucking wake up, I guess. Yeah Pizza the road back to Bakersfield. Really and then someone's like what the fuck they look at me. Like what are you doing up there? I know you were cold summers. From the bucket. What do you think? He's been playing in Exile. Hey, Mom. Can I call you back? I'm doing the power like fucking she's really cool. I made it my did it. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I have you guys been out like out of town before that like two different state or something like that. No Wiggins played Vegas after that, right? Yeah, I was after. Is that the one that the same book? Like Fremont Street. No, it wasn't the same one because I remember seeing the video of you guys that Cathy dropped playing and oh, yeah, it was big like crazy and it was like that shoulder cool. Yeah, so lights not Invaders. So like they're like, yeah, everyone's fighting each other and like it just turned into a WWE was yeah, I'll be over at that point just sitting down and back to this table. Like I was like, okay, I'm not participating. I'm tired. He fucking ran at me and like slit on the table and just like put me back and and then he runs on top of the table and just like Bodyslam to foods that were fighting for the Frisbee for it's on video super fun. does insane dude but yeah I think that's like the only other state shows just to the runner we do with you guys and then biggest yeah hell yeah how do you guys how do you guys feel about like where you guys are at now as far as like your song writing your songs and material and I feel like her so right he's getting better you know like generate more catchy shit you don't like four score shows the show seen pop into yeah I mean no matter what like even if it's like 10 people you know like still pretty far the energy still there you know usually like are some of our friends are always there and throwing down for us to let school you know that's Yeah, I have like a hard time liking or music. Sometimes it's like real critical real like room protocol get something so much you're like this and it's your perspective in like people come to be like all of this but like from you you're like is it great. I don't know like Christmas night trouble. Yeah. He's like man, I really like you guys. I really like exotic dogfight. Really cool to hear because I like to play with personally. I don't like the things that I do like, I think it sucks. Like I draw something or I try to something like this fucking sucks and people like that's cool. You know, like it's cool. You can do that. Like it's always like refreshing. I guess I can actually feel like okay like I could pursue this. Yeah. So yeah. So yeah music I make I work on music on my iPhone. I use like my garage and I have this little like it this time. It's a musical like 2:00 3:00 in the morning. Yeah. Experience. Yeah, it's really cool. He's a really good songwriter. I feel like he's the reason why we're any good. what's your like some of your favorite bands than to honestly like what got me into music or was probably Judas Priest like I heard I heard Judas Priest aunque La was like I was like seven years old I was like yo this - that's my dad was like what is that he was like it was Judas Priest was awesome what the sound of my sales guitars that I wish I could do that and then like a week later I had an acoustic guitar six years old 6 years old I started playing and he got me some lessons and I was just like really motivated you know I just thought it was the coolest thing like some kids don't They get bored of it because they want to play like Holly here music right away, but I was just like excited to be able to like play a note to play these scales to understand how to read the music, you know, I was just like super into it because we play music statistics. You're my brother and I we grew up with like the drum set and said inside our room. I like I got my first guitar when I was six as well as like six or seven. I got my first guitar and then like it was a little stunt, you know, just like whatever and then got the electric when I was like 11 years old and just took off after that's who So it's always been like this since like old green digital rancid shit like trying to fucking play along and I guess that's it cool like songwriting starts. It's very that he like he was just like I just now like that stuff. It shows me a lot of stuff and I'm like, I'm a lot more open now. So like you show me something on my oil a fuck with that, you know, yeah, you know, it's like we're all like that. I was a loser. working like judged other people's scenes and music was like Ah, that's why yeah, I was a kid and went through the first like Heavy band and then Metallica where the lightning It sounds like they play like so good. I was like that's not that's like what you're supposed to be like you got to be able to shred if you cash ready, you know you Slugger well as like a little kid you don't I grew up and I realize, you know, it's about being creative and yeah even pre songs. Now I go line up play like they're super easy. So yeah, so some or sort sort some more easy. Yeah, I guess some of the hits obviously like Terminator inch is probably like really tough. But like yeah, it's funny that you say that about like shredding shredding could look for me was like I remember though. I remember the band. I got me some music and for that I really care of them. I was like about 8 years old. I heard Sublime and I remember it was it was a sign or it's called but it's like And then Bad Brains just said it was like you just did Irving's like they're not even play and I can't I was really stoked on that big dude. You just literally took it really well to that fool. Like Spain. He's a weirdo. Yeah, he's really really well. I didn't sit like that at all when I got my fucking chest and I was like fucking fighting Whistler in my hands woman and I was nervous when you did my chest. yeah it should hear it smell like I to I would say I took most of it well and then like just the end I still haven't seen yet even the worst it's all right 20 more mayest live long as 20 minutes ago life yeah it was the longest seven hours of my life yeah and fucking Fury was there any steps so well yeah seven hours like you did this and I like that suit Nice little space here are starting to like just fill the wall. Yeah, my little stencils. And yeah, I'm sure before what it is like this and that's why you know, like for Phi hat and like there's a more that I've done but I don't post I don't like put them all in my wife put like a Madonna proud of Yeah, yeah, right. Yeah. I know. I thought you liked the ones that I've done like on all you guys like. I'm like, oh fuck. This is really cool that you guys are like cool ideas. Like a lot of people that I tattoo will help myself that I'm like the kind of wax. Like that doesn't make a good tattoo. I wouldn't tell them like everybody's like, oh, yeah, you're yeah for sure. It's all healed that was quick. Pressure but yeah, no, I yeah all your tattoo work sick. Thanks. I appreciate this. I'm making my face to hide it from you. Let's go. No, I swear to God. He doesn't have a battery. Yes, you get stopped by the fucking security at the airport every time well, I guess so but yeah, I mean, yeah, I really want to face or at least I can on my forehead or something like up here are like fucking Harry Potter. Yeah. Exactly. I was wondering it would be sick have to have like some fucking score. That's just probably gnarly on the head. Yeah get on and get on head. I wanted to get like a like a Reaper like holding like a three-headed dog on the side of my head. I'm scared of the pain. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, you know plans in a document. You have a six-headed dog or a 12 headed dog on your head. You don't have any tattoos I try to tighten him up, but he couldn't think of anything. you never seen energy on the Android 18 real quick just really quickly because that's the one that that I think I'm most proud of like for real I never see this way like dude I know that shit is like or a bird like a swallow or whatever like you can't like go wrong with those you know to follow he has a lot on his chest And then the other thing yeah, well, I guess we should I want to get a rose like soon right here thinking come on a good boil Pearlington to government's the door with the famous Shades. Yeah. Just kind of tucked away somewhere. Well, yeah. Somewhere random just somewhere around a bit. You can run your ass. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah seemed pretty specific when you bro. I want to get six positions on my butt. Like that's like like all like a chart of it on my butt and it's funny. Yeah choose. I saw it on Instagram. Exactly. Did I have circled? He said that last night? Kirby just showed me abuse of power yesterday. Yeah. Well I have heard of them but I give them like a good listen and they're really good bad to me. They broke up. Yeah, they do survive right after Sound and Fury kind of a dropped a record and we broke up. Yeah. I mean there's something for everybody in the music, you know for like different styles. I live abuse of power to drain drain we good. For that lock down that wall. So that's all that's the only thing I'm looking forward to when it comes to anything in my life. Jersey they like their call MPA they're fucking dope dude but like one of them lives in Huntington Beach and like I went from June yeah they're from Jersey is named Silvio he does like what's it called like illustrations and stuff and he was out hunting so he plays like you know like a pop punk like easy Corbin: Down goes Goodman to like but his drum. He's like he's like these cool light Tempo changes and just fills and they're hardcore is just like super feel good, you know. But instead hardcore you have to drink there's nothing left. That sounds cool. Very cool. Gorgeous tight did he like the Trashy influence now crossover Pass power to feel like my dad. Yeah. There's only one don't and shit. I mean just looking forward to I think I could say it but we're driving a promo on the fifth night room. Yeah, dude. I heard I could clip of it like on Instagram like a little video you guys in the studio? Yeah. Yeah, so I think yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely changes like it's still you have but yeah, so to some problems coming out on again on Thursday sweet. Yeah Thursday this Thursday April 5th. Well, I mean no March 5th. I say April and March this Thursday. Yeah or finish that finishes arm. Yeah, why do something else finishes fucked up on him yet? Take care of that at all and whatsoever. He told me a few weeks after I gotta tell you something you fool. That's what you like. He's in polos. He didn't care about it. Yeah, he's me go World in dirt. Yeah. No, no. Hell yeah, I got some nice. Look forward to going exactly it's gonna be fun for me. Super dope KZ super excited for it. I think it's gonna come out on tape too. Really? Yeah, nothing. Yeah, just the Tucson from there you go. I mean that fastest something else. I'm really looking forward to like the bands of a lot of that. Russia has a lot of credit. mother needs to be like a Burly right yeah it's like yeah really mother early bird gets the worm tension part about it yeah yeah it could be before we miss the next so if you care to you guys you guys are inside Spotify right I guess I just those two back here ya go on exile is only fans didn't you Jersey so we have yeah we've made a little something like we got we got our mentioned on an awkward hardcore or something like they just like they put us all like they put our demo out there and shit so some dude hit us up at school so exiled out of New Jersey shout out to New Jersey all right this is this is the last shot of the whole thing you guys on Powerline podcast we're fucking out we flipping out