Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I guess that's the running joke is if I'm an Auburn fan and I don't understand why I have to come on after I lose and you guys went so kind of a solemn podcast today for you. I'm sorry. You have to feel that way. Now. It's just a running joke for Alabama fans to call Blake AA Auburn fan when he says anything positive about Auburn on Twitter and it's right the opposite when he says something not positive about Auburn than or something about Alabama then Auburn fans claim. He's a an Alabama fan. So he's a he's a he's a very unbiased fan will just put that to rest but fan of humans Alabama comes off a 92-86 win last night against South Carolina and it it was a close game throughout early on in the game Alabama fell behind 11 to 1 and then 22:8, but Alabama came back and trailed by two 1/2 And ultimately ended up winning 92-86 to move their record to 16 and 13 overall and ate and ate and Conference and South Carolina fail to 17 and 12 and 9 9 and 7 and Conference and just this a neat side note their last meeting in their meeting in 2017, Alabama one in four overtimes. I don't know if y'all remember that guy Alabama fans pretty much do Riley Norris and Avery Johnson jr. Took over that game surprisingly and Alabama. 80 to 86 in for overtime. So this is the same exact score in regulation that was in 2017 and 4 over X and that's just kind of shows the culture change that happened with Alabama when Alabama got NATO's their scoring 90 points for the I believe the sixth time this year in regulation and they could they could barely even get that in four overtimes just two years ago run through some of the stats Alabama us or South Carolina shot. All fairly similarly 45% for South Carolina 43 for Alabama and three-point percentage Alabama may not have 24 in South Carolina five of 14, but the game was won and lost at the free-throw line, which is pretty typical and SEC basketball. We'll get more into that with Blake who is advocate for the SEC officials boy. Yeah. It's a soft subject or a sore subject for Blake's have discussed, but we'll get dive deeper into that. But I Alabama made more free throws than South Carolina attempted and Alabama shot 33 or 47 from the free-throw line forty seven free throws. I mean just let that dive in there soaked in a little bit and South Carolina shot 17 to 26. So Blake, I know you watch the game. You said I know I had the pain you for Alabama to win this game, but my to just Dive Right In and just tell me what you saw and how the how the game kind of transpired. Yeah, I know. Big win, I mean it was as we said with with all these bubble teams in the SEC at this point. I mean, you just have to win every game like they're the resumes aren't impressive enough to Warrant losing games at this time of year. No matter who you play I think for the most part and so for everyone it's just, you know, winning games and everybody kind of said, you know, this was essentially an elimination type of game in terms of it not eat their teams going to play their way in just by winning this game, but the loser probably, you know, the challenge gets a little bit bigger. In terms of what you have to do in the SEC tournament. So it's a big win and I thought you know without John Petty on the floor. I honestly came into this game thinking it's a pretty bad matchup for Alabama because I've probably been more impressed with South Carolina and most people have I think a lot of people sort of just look at South Carolina and say well, you know, maybe there's a short of taking advantage of what's been an up and down year in the SEC but you look at their depth. I mean their size. I mean, I think South Carolina is actually a pretty good team, you know, but but they're like a lot of teams in the SEC where one They look they are pretty good team and other days. They don't look like a pretty good team. So it's a big win and I think the biggest thing, you know, like you're saying is just this is why I tell people and a lot of people have asked and we've had this conversation for a couple weeks. Now when someone asks me who is the most dangerous of the for bubble teams, if we say, it's Alabama, Arkansas, Mississippi State, South Carolina, which team are you going to look at and say okay that team is the one that you feel like could win multiple games in a tournament type of Eating and potentially be a team that we're talking about and I'm not going to compare them to Auburn of last year, which that's what everybody likes for me to do, but I don't really look at it. That way. I just look at a team that okay. If you had to pick from one of these four who's the most dangerous based on how they play and I don't know how you could argue that it's not Alabama because their offensive style is so much different and it's so hard to prepare for and like you were saying go back to that game. They played against South Carolina several years ago. It's just it's completely different and I think they're so Our to prepare for so if John Petty's back at full health. I don't know how you couldn't say that Alabama of that group is probably the one that has a chance to go further this in a tournament setting just because they're just so dangerous on offense. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, it was good. I was going to read off some some of the player statistics and Carl Lewis really will the taint or Alabama back from the from the dead and getting an early in the game. He had two consecutive Steals on Consecutive possessions and had lay it I got a layup and got fouled and shot two free throws ended up with 25 points and 6 assists and JB and Davis had the game of his life. So so far in his earlier early in his career with 20 points and 10 rebounds and he was really the replacement that Alabama needed to step up with John Petty out. He rebounded very, well. He made plays off of those rebounds and really he even made a 3 which is the second one of his career. And he really started spreading the floor and whatever Matt and I were talking before we came on that Alex Reese and JV & Davis. They really can't be on the floor at the same time because of their skill sets but they need to feed off each other when one goes goes to the bench and want to come or is playing on them on the floor and that's kind of what JD and did he played about how Alex Ruiz typically does on offense and both of them ended up with 10 rebounds of peace and for South Nikita Sean Bryant is the guy that really kept them in the game when it seemed like Alabama was going to start to pull away at the end finished with 22 points and 13 rebounds and AJ Lawson had 17 and dryer Bolden was the spark. They they had early on started 3 of 3 from 3 point line ended up with 11 points total and smack kind of go off. What what Blake said and how Alabama really is a very dangerous team even without John Petty it showed not Points. Well, you know key cog and that offense and about eight nine three attempts a game to such kind of go off of what he said and what you saw last night. Yes the based on last night. I think Blake said it perfectly this Alabama team is beyond dangerous 90 points and it was a slow night from Shaq who still finished with 18 points, maybe one of the quieter 18 points that he's had under 50% shooting under 50% from three with a few costly turnovers, especially early in In the game, but even with Shaq not having his best offensive performance this team puts up 90 points like it's nothing Kyra with 25. Like you said the back-to-back steals were incredible got Coleman lit up. He got Kyra go and Congress three point shot as a season has gone on has gotten better and better he's starting to get a little bit more under it now and it looks a whole lot better than it did at the start of the year. And is that shot continues to come along? That's Alabama team gets more and more dangerous and firm Jones pretty soon. He's going to be out of that cast to where he can. This left hand again, which he may not need to the way he's playing with his right hand. It only makes Alabama more dangerous as he's able to use he's able to handle the ball with his left hand able to attack a little bit better. There's a couple times yesterday when South Carolina with trap that we'd see her with the ball in his hands. He get trapped and there's not much you can do since he only has his right hand those situations get a bit easier whenever his left hands back when you add Petty back into the mix. This team gets a whole lot more dangerous. For an SEC tournament kind of feel me and Jordan talked about this before we started recording actually, but the best play I thought javian really had was the missed three that he had to start the second half. He shoots a short crashes the board Scene goes right into an offensive rebound and rips of perfect past. I think it was Reese for lay in je viens. Just he's developed his game a whole lot more. The three-point shot touch is looking a little bit better. He had a really nice poster hook that we hadn't really seen yet this year. Yeah, like Blake said I think this team super dangerous as it goes into this ended the season with two games. They really need a win for seeding in the SEC tournament and for keeping their bubble hopes alive for March Madness. So I think this team is poised for a run if they can just really sit down and get a little bit better on defense. Like herb Jones kept coats aren't the only eight points yesterday and he didn't play him fully he can't you know, I had to switched on some pick-and-rolls, but he held him to eight points and coats are is a big key to their team scoring wise and rebounding but how big of a disgrace is that that both herb Jones and Isaac tokoro for that? That matter did not make the defensive player of the year finalist. I mean you watch SEC basketball all year and I mean there Who are the top 10 defensive players in the country? Am I wrong? Yeah. No, I guess that's why they don't give me a chance to vote on these Awards because they're afraid that I'd probably put a lot of SEC players in there. But you know and then these cases I think it's warranted. No, I mean there's no doubt. I don't know how you could look at both of those guys. And and this is where I always tell people I mean listen that we understand what some of these national awards. I don't know what it is. Like you're just going to have these these weird sort of ones. I think where you just look at her and I'm like Okay. Well, where is that guy? Where is this guy? Like we do that every year and it's just I don't know how we get to the final group that we get to work with some of these Awards but there's no doubt. I mean, yeah, it's an especially, you know looking at what her Jones is done. I we've talked about it a lot, you know on Twitter and such just I don't know how you look at this guy and not think not only is he one of the top 10 sort of defensive players in the country and we're even having that discussion probably last year in terms of what he was capable of but I mean, I don't know like I think he's Top five easily top a guy and it's just if you understand sort of the value that he brings to the team and of course anyone listening to this understands it but you know, maybe for people who don't watch Alabama a lot or just look at the box score. I've said it so many times you can sometimes just look at the stats and say okay. I know what to make of that player just by looking at his stats and Herb Jones is exactly one of those guys. He has great stats, but there are also so many other things that he does that you can't quantify as a stat that just don't Get enough credit and I think that's where you look at him as a player and and that's why you know, he's such a popular player. That's why he's someone that's so important to this team is because it's not just about what he does on the stat sheet. He just does so many different things. Well, and I think it's just look that's going to allow them to have a very bright future in basketball and he's already proven that an Alabama down a totes gives out a hard hat award after every game and most fans know that by now for really giving the stats that doesn't curve the the plays that really don't show up in the stat. Book like taking a charge or diving on the floor for a ball and Herb Jones wanted again last night. Of course and said NATO said after the game, it's pretty he's pretty much Old Faithful when in the heart had award and a lot of people, you know in the National media doesn't really don't really watch Alabama since they're not, you know a great team or they're not on Primetime every single week. But if you've watched just two games of herb Jones, you can tell he's one of the top defensive players in the country as I could. Or oh, you know he gets a lot of the attention because he's high up on draft boards and people tend to watch him more Auburn's doing really well this year, so he gets a lot more Spotlight than herb Jones does but herbes very appreciate or appreciated and a sec Frank Martin said last night that he hopes coats aren't caused herb Jones up and talk to him about grabbing a rebound because Jones worked him last night rebounding with one hand. So it it's just something special to watch and Herb Jones should be back next year. And hopefully can have a Full Slate of help all season because he just hasn't had that since his freshman year and he sky's the limit for him if he can just you know develop a good shot. But Ashton Hagan's is a very good defensive player probably defensive player of the year and the SEC if I had to guess right now out Isaac kokoro is Reggie Perry and Herb Jones. Just kind of Blake. I just want to ask the SEC is a whole. Is kind of funny this year, you know, Kentucky typically wins every year but there's always you know, a log Jam at the top close to the number one spot but Kentucky put it away the weekend before the end of the season and they have really turned it on since the end of the Evansville game or in their season, but don't mention that the cow or he might go go on off you five minutes like you did yesterday, but Kentucky's really, you know played very well in the SEC. Um, you got Auburn LSU there at the top which are standout teams. But then you have three teams Mississippi State, Florida and South Carolina and probably you would say the the second-tier go off of what Mississippi state has done this year in South Carolina that's made them so successful and you can even dive into Texas a m-- who's a team that really surprise people to really have a successful season because Florida, you know based on the priest. Season ranking which has been quite a disappointment with their talent but kind of is going on the SEC is what I'm trying to say and kind of give your analysis of how these teams stacked have stacked up this year. Well, I mean we got to start with offered of course, but no, I'm just kidding we have to start in Kentucky. I mean listen Kentucky is and I have to contractually mention this that I did have Bruce Pearl on the podcast on Friday. And I mean he he said it but I think a lot of people you know going in should have understood that I mean, this is Hockey team like they're legitimate like final four type team. They're not the team that played Evansville. I know like you're laughing about any time you mention that now it's just one of those things where seems like week after week. All we do is mention Kentucky lose and Evansville. That's great. But that was a long time ago and now they are legit National Championship final four type of Team like they're that good and that's why I think you look at them and it's just I don't know. I mean a manual quickly at this point you can make a lot of cases for player of the year, but as the season is Gone long as we're here with a week to go in the regular season. I just think he's probably the guy because of how much better he's gotten how I mean he's just been the most consistent player probably from start to finish in the SEC. And and I think that's something that has to be valued and and he's gotten so much better too. I mean, we've seen him just take over some of these games. So that's helped Kentucky reach this point to where I think they are, you know, I don't know exactly how you would scale that and say are they the Far and Away the best team in the SEC? I mean, they're they're sort of playing like it at times. And then you know that group behind it with auburn and LSU. I mean Auburn is offers not the same team that were last year and I think anyone who tries to convince themselves to that are kidding themselves because they're just not they don't shoot the ball well enough and I think that's something where let's say last year if a team matches up with auburn if you play Auburn at a tournament setting last year, if you would have tried to say I you know, we're going to come out we're going to play them zone for 40 minutes. You got laughed out of the building. There was no chance you could have played a team like that, you know and had the best chance to win knowing how well they shot from three and that's where like this year. I'd say a lot of teams. Let's say Auburn gets to a four or five seed in the NCAA tournament and they're playing one of these hot 12 or 13 mid-major type of teams that they can and no way match up with them one through five and I all right. Well, let's come out and let's play is on let's make up shoots three. Auburn hasn't played. Well great. I mean I didn't take great away from home. They don't shoot it. Well, so that's where I think one of the sticking points with them. Otherwise, I mean, look, they're talented. They're a very very A team and you wouldn't be surprised if they were able to get back to the Sweet 16 because they just have the talent to do it LSU. LSU doesn't play any defense and that's what worries me about them. I know they only gave up 50 points against Texas A&M, but that was the first game probably in the past month that they play defense that you would consider, you know, sweet 16 and Beyond type of defense. And so if that continues maybe they have a chance to go far. They're really really good offensive team, but they really were me on defense beyond that I mean, Florida I was back to trusting Florida and look what happens soon as you start trusting them again. They go lose the game in Tennessee, Mississippi State. I don't know like I think I trust Mississippi State but they've got the size all those things but I still just I don't know and that's what this is the theme of the SEC all year Beyond Kentucky. It's been hard to trust some of these teams and different settings and scenarios, and I don't know that that's going to change any and that's going to make for probably one of the craziest SEC tournaments in years because you could literally go up and down. Lord and say I can make a case why that team could win it by that team could be the spoiler that gets to the you know, the SEC tournament final that's just sort of the season. It's been in the SEC. Yeah, and just go back kind of the best C tournament relating to back in Alabama. Me and Jordan were talking earlier. It's about there's a real possibility Alabama can get into the six or seven spot into the SEC tournament and just kind of breaking down the possibilities of that for people who listen to this if Alabama goes to know this week and of Tennessee and am or to drop one game each which A&M is going to play Auburn and Tennessee has to play Kentucky and Auburn. There's a good chance that Each of those teams can drop one if album go to a no with wins over vanity Missouri there in the seven spot, which would have them playing I believe Arkansas as of right now. So what are some matchups in those one through four? I guess really one through five spots with four and five kind of being a log Jam right now where some teams that you think Alabama has the potential to have really good matchups with a zesty terms can be a big case for Alabama to try to get back in the NCAA tournament conversation. Yeah. I think the here's the scenario I would say. And that's why I know Alabama fans can't you have to look at it differently in terms of when you're on the bubble is you should be hoping for the opportunity to play the better teams and not have to play the bad teams because then you know, if you beat a bad team as we said and this is why we go back to Mississippi State game. It was so important is because Alabama just sit and have enough opportunities left in the regular season like wins over Vanderbilt, Missouri are not going to do anything for your resume and all honesty. Like you're probably going to drop a little bit like in the net rankings and all that. And so that's what you have to keep in mind and it so for people who look at them like oh no, we may have to play Kentucky in the second round or whatever you look at it. That's actually a good thing because that gives you a big opportunity to wear. If you win that game like you're probably playing your way into the tournament. If you lose it, it probably helps your metrics a little bit, which I know is not normal, but that's just the way it is and it may not be enough to get you into the tournament. But I think the best scenario here and then I don't know if this is exactly how I could play out right after. To bracket and all that once we once we get to it, but looking at hypothetical scenarios, you mentioned, you know, if they can get Arkansas I think in that that first type of game and then maybe play Auburn in that next game. I feel like that's probably the best setup for Alabama because you know, you think about the Arkansas game. I think it's a team that yes, they're better with Isaiah Joe that's on the court but it's like I mean, we also just saw them give up almost a hundred points to Georgia and Oh, it's like I don't know like there. Are we still trusting Arkansas. They're a team that's going to still be in that same spot. I think trying to play their way in on the let lost Georgia put them down a notch. But if you play well against Arkansas, I still think Alabama matches up well with auburn and we've seen that in both meetings this year in terms of how they played and as we go back to what we said about the shooting woes with auburn if Alabama shooting well from three and Auburn's not shooting it well from three, we know what can happen. And so we saw that in the first game, you know, kind of how these Two teams play so I think that would be a great setup if you can draw Arkansas in the first round and let's say you get Auburn and in the next round. So those are your two SEC tournament games which again, I would have to look at the bracket stuff to see if that's actually how to play out. But that would be best case scenario because I think a win over Arkansas would help you they're still up there, you know, they're decent enough in the net and all that to wear win over Arkansas is actually going to be pretty good, you know, assuming they don't lose their last two games here. But yeah, I think I think there are a lot of intriguing scenarios for Alabama to where they could play their way into the tournament, you know with two wins. I think two wins in the SEC tournament 2 wins here probably a good chance to get them in although I know and there's a lot of Bracketology people who would disagree with me. But if you just look at their numbers, I think in that scenario playing to Quality opponents and if you beat both of them, I just I think they're probably in at that point. This is not weird that Arkansas has a I mean, it's a good possibility that they can finish bottom. In the conference and still be after discussion to make the NCAA tournament. Is that crazy? No, it's very weird. And that's what people keep going back to the well, they have two judges without Isaiah Joe. That's great and all but if you finish let's see. What are they? They're probably projected to finish maybe eight or ten or seven and eleven. I'm sorry, you're not going to like we can have that discussion. If you go 7 and 11 in the SEC. I just I don't think we can have that discussion like it's not, you know, it's not enough to me. So Yeah, it's a conference that's only going to get four teams in the in the in the tournament that being below 500 by four games or even three games is you know, that's asinine to think about if your 7-Eleven in the Big Ten sure teams in the SEC of last year like last year. I think you could have made the argument this year. I don't think there's a chance you can make that argument. Yeah, it's all about who you beat when you beat them who you lose to stuff like that and in the end to but I mean Each have to look at the record sometimes. I mean that's not what Alabama fans want to hear it because Alabama's records not good and they feel like Alabama has a decent chance to make it to but sometimes you just have to and people like Jerry Palm who say you have to finish for games above 500 at a minimum to make the tournament. I mean, I don't agree with that either but there's different situations for different teams, but the finished bottom for at a conference. That's not even you know as having a down year. And I you know, non-traditional power five conference in the basketball. I mean that I don't think you should be even considered at that point but understand Arkansas has had injuries and what Isaiah Joe out but Alabama's had injuries to so you mean, you know, I mean, it's hard we can go all day. I'm glad you brought that up. Yeah, let's go off that. Yeah. No, I agree like it is and that's why I think with the Bracketology stuff, like people have to remember like everyone is not using the same formula. Ella when they when they put a bracket together and they are everyone always ask me why they like why are you using Joe? Lunardi? Why do I tweet out his stuff so much when he's the 50-something most accurate. I'm like, you're out the me tell you why it's read out because that is the one literally everyone asks about they always want to know where lunardi has you because the SEC is on ESPN. Like there is an entire network and he's the one that's always on these games talking about it. So for anyone that wants to know and I've been asked that question so many times that's why I do it is because literally I get asked about him the most and so There you go. I just can't I can't tweet out. All 78247 Bracketology is out there. I wish I could but it's just not possible. Yeah that it can be a give you a headache thinking about it sometimes of how how people are different in their bracket ologies. You know, Eric has I'm a good friend of ours tweets out his bracket deserves every week and got guys like bracket Dave that I follow that's really good and they could be totally different from Joe lunardi but because Joe and Artis on the big Network people are going to follow him more closely than some of these other guys but kind of Shifting off of that and going into Alabama's chances. Like you said, they need to find teams in the tournament that are actually going to help them in the net and help them and quality of winds like Arkansas would be a good one. And even if they did fall into the eight nine matchup and have to draw Kentucky the second round or the third round technically facing somebody like tennis. You have to hope that it's Tennessee in the 89 matchup because Tennessee's metrics are just a lot better, even though they have to play Kentucky and Auburn the end the season so that seems unlikely but facing Kentucky or Auburn or even LSU, Mississippi State or Florida in the set in the third round would be big time for their their resume if they were to make it that far and Matthew and I both said that 19 wins has been the target. I mean, I hate we hate putting a Target wind totaled. Make a tournament because different things factor in more than wins. But we've said that 19 wins is kind of where they need to be but you lose the am at home that kind of changes things and now they've kind of Fallen back some and now it seems more and more likely that 20 will be, you know, the end goal to make the tournament and that would mean winning winning against Maddie were built at Missouri and then to and the SEC tournament. So would you say that's a fair assessment that 20 wins not You know not factor in who they play in the SEC tournament because you're going to have to beat one of the top four dollars in the tournament. Regardless. Yeah. I know you said it that's from saying there's really no point in having a discussion on what we would rather play Kentucky or Auburn who I mean, you're going to have to beat one of them. Anyways, it doesn't really matter who you play. So yeah, and that's the thing you have to keep in mind and we say this every year but it's it's not just what you do either like it's what everyone else does and we could say that sure getting 20 and that scenario. It would be very very likely they would get in. But it's also like okay. Well how many other bits are going to get stolen from other conferences? Who are the other bubble teams? How are they going to play their way? Because it's just and that's the problem and we say that with every bubble team and it's that's why you know, I jokingly said this on Twitter before the games on Saturday is the best formula for every bubble team in the SEC is just to win games. Like that's the only thing you can control you can't control what all the other bubble teams. Do. You can't control anything else? You just have to win your games. If you do that. You're going to be right there with a chance to get in but if you lose games Then you put your you know, you put your situation into the hands of these other bubble teams to the ones that we know we I mean every single Conference tournament bit major low major the regular season Champion is not going to win every single one of these conference tournaments. Like there are going to be bid stolen, you know, if you're an Alabama fan and let's say they do put themselves in that spot to where you know, they're in a matchup with Aller with auburn or Kentucky and that next round and so you're having to look around and say okay we need to root for this or we need to root for that. You know, that's where Are you look at conferences? Like I don't know which will cut tournament will probably be over by then. But like the socon, you know, you need to be hoping that East Tennessee State wins the socon because if they were to get to the final and lose to Furman or Greensboro or somebody like that, he says he says probably still getting in the tournament. And so you got you know, you have a two-bit League there. And so that's where you start knock it down. The number of beds available and for Alabama, it's just, you know, you can win your games, but even that probably not going to guarantee anything, but I do think you know, the Less likelihood is to be Vanderbilt beat, Missouri. Hope you get Arkansas or Tennessee somebody like that and then go because like your offer now, that sounds great, but it's going to be quite a challenge. Yes, definitely going to be a challenge and this is definitely a position that I'll be fans have kind of grown accustomed to over the years and just kind of taking it out of this kind of depressing topic and times with the being march with Alabama fans. We seen a totes kind of implement this new system here, you know, we were familiar to this position for a long time with Avery Johnson and Anthony Grant over the past eight nine years. So what are some things Blake that you've seen this year the kind of encourage you about the future of the program? What are your thoughts on? And natives has done so far and kind of what are some things Alabama fans can be excited about even if we do miss the tournament this year moving forward into next year the rest of the future. Yeah, and I think you know everyone to like, you know, you know, we ask usually we do this with any time. There's there's first-year coach at a place or whatever. It's how do you grade is for season and I think it's so hard to Great NATO's for season and I know there have been people right after that, Texas A&M game like it was as predictable as could be everybody ready to jump. Up on say well Alabama same spot. It's always been you know, they're not ever going to move forward. NATO to isn't the guy. I'm like, hey guys lets you know 26 games. He's had 26 games the head coach. Let's let's not go too far with this because you know, it's a team whatever we saw the stat all over the South Carolina game about how many players that have been available of Miss games due to injury and all that. So it's really hard to grade because if we go back, I mean we can play the what if game with everyone but let's say Javon Quinn early Gets, you know his transfer granted. Let's say herb Jones Alex Reese Beetle bold and John Petty all these guys that have dealt with injuries throughout the year. Let's say only half of them are dealing with that and you know, you have another two that have just go through the season, you know playing just fine. It's just a completely different conversation because it's so you have to keep that in mind too because in the SEC and we say this every year the SEC is a grind whether it's a you know, it's a physical League It's an aggressive leak and we can talk about the fouling numbers and all that but it is it's a very physical type of league and you're going to get beat up. And if you don't have the depth sometimes to be able to withstand it you're going to lose some of these games. And so that's why I think I'm not one that looks at the season. It says man, you know, look at the the excitement we had coming in thinking this was a preseason top 25 type of team, which it was with everyone healthy, but that's just hasn't been the case. And so I think he's doing really good job. I mean that their offensive stuff. And I know you know you had Aaron on he talked about that. It's just when you look at how they play there are just so many things that you can be excited about and say my goodness, we're not playing, you know, 52-48 games anymore like this just it's a completely different brand of basketball and that's not to knock the guys who came before him. It's just he knows he has a system that is very appealing to recruits to you know fans that everyone like it's the type of basketball you want to watch and I think that's something that that is a big positive and that is why he's having success on the recruiting Trail and he's going to continue to have success when recruiting Trail but you know, there are things like injuries and such you just can't control and sometimes that's going to happen in a season and we're probably talking about this season in a much different way, you know, maybe they are safely into the tournament right now. If they don't have a few things go against them you could say that about a lot of teams, but I've just keep that in mind for anyone who wants to look at this and say well this is the same Alabama team there right back. Bubble things are never going to change. I just I think it's way too early to have that conversation when a person really hasn't had, you know a good chunk of his team for the entire season and yet they're still right here with a chance that to play their way into the tournament. Yeah, Juwan Gary top 100 recruit or freshman that's coming in from South Carolina towards ACL at the beginning of before the season even started James Rojas a Juco All-American tore his ACL before the season and then like you said Jayvon Quinn early. He got had his appeal door is transfer request denied appeal denied for whatever reason and those three would have been key players in the rotation for NATO's and they were going to be big impact players that would have, you know, taking the minutes of players like Alex Ruiz and JV and Davis and I mean really would have gave them an aspect that they really needed which is toughness and they rebound the ball well, and they're they're all three really good Shooters so and SEC network touched on it after the game last night saying the Alabama's had 76 total games missed by players with injury or suspension this season, which is Far and Away more than any place any team in the SEC. So that's kind of the end, you know, the bad luck bug that Alabama has been bitten by this year and it's something that really frustrated Alabama fans, but it's also something that gives them the something to look forward to in the future when hopefully made oats has a healthy Squad next year and getting a good recruiter. From key on Ambrose scuse me, and hopefully somebody like Joshua Primo who's a five-star freshman. I just reclassified. So it's NATO's can get his guys to come in and play in his system. I mean first year coach. He's playing with a lot of vapor Johnson's guys whose be quite honest weren't brought into play up-tempo Fast shoot a lot of Threes. I mean, that's just not who they are. But give made out sometime and I have no doubt that his style. Play and the toughness that he brings will ultimately take Alabama back to you know, tournament consistency and making it but talking about the SEC as a whole again Blake before we let you go who are some teams that you can see spoiling some either David versus Goliath type of matchup and in the SEC and SEC tournament teams that may surprise. Eyes and could make like a championship run like Georgia did several years ago Ole Miss. So who are some teams we should look out for and players that you think could take over the SEC tournament when it begins in two weeks. Well, it's funny you mentioned Georgia because I think you probably start there. I mean there when you have anything yeah, like I feel like I mean there's a thing is like he's playing well, but like they're playing a lot better as a team and they played a lot better for the past couple weeks here. And I think that's a team that and you know, it's going to be hard having to sort of be in the spot there in you know, I'm not sure where they're going to finish they would they would probably love to find a way to finish outside of that bottom for I guess it's still possible, but it would take a lot going their way to do that. But I think they're a team they like I said, they we saw it against Arkansas. I mean you have a potential number one draft pick on the floor. They really have nothing to lose at this point and in recent weeks, you know, They've beaten Auburn they'd be in Arkansas. They probably should have won it Florida that game that they wrote down there and we know they have the tough game against Alabama. They played a lot of close games. Even the one in South Carolina are there early in the week up and that was one that they probably should have won. So I would probably look at George and say, you know, just because of Anthony Edwards. You don't want to have to play a team like that that that's gotten a lot more confident and and honestly aren't even old enough to understand, you know, kind of the tournament situation like they're just a very young team and I don't think they're going to really be intimidated. Coming out knowing that they have nothing to lose at this point. So probably look at Georgia. I mean we've talked about Alabama. I mean I would I would put them in that mix for for reasons that we've already discussed. You know, I want to thank that like Tennessee could potentially be a team like that but I don't know they play good on defense that got good size. I just feel like they're going to have those offensive stretches that we just they may go, you know, five six minutes without scoring and I don't know about them in terms of making a run, but I'm not going to put it past week for Burns because I think he deserves the benefit of the doubt so probably teams, you know, like Georgia Tennessee Missouri sort of same way Missouri just and they're bad on offense sometimes and they're really good on defense but they're back on offense and and I don't know if they have enough to make it run. So I'd probably put you know, Georgia and Tennessee is to potential teams if we're not including Alabama, but I really think that Trio is probably ones you're going to look at and say maybe it's one of those three, but then again, it could be three of the four others that that are in that same category based on how the Is gone I'll give you a quick rapid fire. OK before we let you go Auburn. How did you know I was going to ask who you thought when the SEC tournament. I thought you can ask you to win the national championship. That's all right, please Kentucky mid-major. You think to make a run East Tennessee State boy represent who you got winning it all. Oh boy. Oi not so wrap it on this one. I mean, I think right now if you had to ask me to pick one team, I think I would pick Kansas and that's I know that's sort of the easy pick but not just haven't. I mean it's just been that kind of year where I just you know, it's sort of the who's the team of the week and who's the team that looks the best and I probably a couple weeks ago. I would have said Baylor but I think Kansas right now. It's probably the best pick if you're just wanting to be safe about it. Yeah, that's a pretty safe pick pick. Number one team in the country I guess but I'll personally like Gonzaga. I hope they keep playing as well as they may have been I'd like to see them finally break through and win it but all right, that's all the time we have for today. We really appreciate Blake level coming on and talking some SEC and Alabama basketball with us and you can follow with him following him on Twitter at the because there's only one oblate level. Is that correct? That's correct. That's why I put the in it. That's right at the Blake level. On Twitter and then go listen to his podcast locked on SEC you find it on Twitter at locked on SEC covers a lot of great SEC basketball content on it and he's just a great person to follow when you want SEC by basketball coverage. So Blake, we really appreciate you coming on man. And I know we'll be in touch my try to have you on once the NCAA tournament starts again or some other time. We enjoyed having you now thanks for having me on guys always enjoy the discussion. On Twitter and everything and now enjoying their podcast and as I told both you guys, I think it's great that there are a lot more of these now, you know SEC basketball for the longest time. There just was not much coverage out there, and I think it's awesome that they're our team podcasts and all that and it just makes it more enjoyable for me because now I get to listen to other things other than just listening to myself talk about SEC basketball. So I enjoy that we appreciate it man until next time we'll drop another podcast. Cast probably Wednesday after the Alabama Vanderbilt game on Tuesday night out on plays Vanderbilt in in Coleman Coliseum of Tuesday night. So we'll drop a podcast after that game. And as always is Jordan Harper and Matthew Landry joined by Blake level. This is the double dribble podcast ideas.