Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really like how you guys have been sending us questions, and we want to see it through your eyes and where you're at and what you want to know. So thank you for always sending those in and I guess you Guys will know like both Danny and I very open on our Instagram about injuries and needles and things like that that we've had in our own experience. So we would really love to share our own journey and what we've been through personally as well. Yeah. So let's get the ball rolling cool. So straight off the back with Miss Mishi Wilson who to see when injured. Yes, very good question because there are so many people out there whether you're a physio Cairo Osteo. Physiologist masseuse remedial massage validated Masa holidays massage, that's it. There's so many so it's really a matter of finding someone that works for you. And the thing is a lot of practitioners practice differently. I know now identify really kind of as a lifestyle osteopath. So what that even is I just coined that term together because I'm like a mixture of an Osteo a PT a Physio and all of that so it can get a little bit confusing for people and something to realize as well like regardless of what sort of practitioner they are, whether they're in the health and fitness industry or a different sort of Industry all practitioners practice their own beliefs as well. Like the all governed under the same, I guess standards and rules and regulations, but they all have their own biased opinions and that's not a bad thing at all. That's a good thing. That's why there's Exceptional specialist in certain areas. So it is about finding someone that you will align with and realizing that not all the same practitioners under the same Banner practice the same, you know, there's good personal trainers and their shitty personal trainers. Yeah, but they may serve different people at different stages as well. So it's just important to know that like if you've had a bad experience with a Cairo or a physio can't I guess get a bitter taste in your mouth for all Kairos and physios. Yes, because that's just a big umbrella term. ERM exactly. Yeah and word-of-mouth referrals are great. If you've had a friend who's had an awesome experience with someone make the effort to go travel a little bit to see them. I know we often try to find someone in the vicinity because it's really convenient, but I don't know the chances of someone you mesh with a slim. So just really make the effort to try and seek someone out whether that be as I just said referrals or on their social media really just try and find something that you click with you. And I guess the main thing is to just initiate and seek help because if you go and see a Cairo and the care is not appropriate for that practitioner or good practitioners should refer you to the appropriate service. It's the same as you go if you go to a GP for you know, some sort of issue that you've got going on muscular wise. They should refer you to the appropriate practitioner all about referral and health and fitness and you know, you're not doing the wrong thing by just seeking help the main thing is that you are asking for it. Yes. Absolutely, and I love referring people out to someone that I feel that they can serve them better whether it be for nutrition or whether it be for if they just want maintenance massages and stuff like that. I know that's not what I do. So I love saying hey someone so I've got an amazing climb for you and it's just about teamwork. It's about like at the end of the day. They just want the best result for you and to serve you that's what it's all about. So referral is key so you can't really go wrong. It depends on where Leave as well gentlemen, like coming from a small country town. We didn't don't have a lot of those sorts of options. Whereas when you're in the city. I guess you've got, you know at your doorstep any sort of practitioner that you'd want any specialist. So yeah, you know it is about I guess what you've got available and accessible to you but just like Danny said word-of-mouth really is a good way to go about it. Yeah, absolutely noise just trust your instincts. Definitely. We can't take everything too. Literally. I know that they are the professional but if something doesn't sit right with you or It's get a second opinion opinion even third sometimes. Yep. And yeah, like Danny said trust your gut like if you're like, oh, I don't know. You know, there's nothing wrong with getting second opinion. Yep in anything Dental anything and your opinions. That's it. All right. I think we covered that one. Let's move on to the next question. So this one's from cocoa Mel. Is it good or bad to have that soft feeling after a workout? Okay. Yes, so it really depends what we mean by Soul so it's a little bit tricky to describe pain it can be sharp it can be dull it can be an egg. It can be mental pain emotional pain. So in it really need to be present say okay. What am I actually feeling? So if anything is sharp and really painful and you're like I haven't heard that before and it just doesn't feel right then no that is not normal. But you there's a thing called Dom's now you'll know all about Damansara We crave that. So let's just explain sort of in simple terms. What Don's is yeah. So delayed onset muscle soreness generally comes on the day or the following day after after we've had an intense exercise workout because when we are training a muscle were essentially breaking down the muscle to putting little microscopic tears, and then it heals back up. So and that's how our muscle sort of remodels and rebuilds and how we get stronger and grow more muscle tissue. It delayed onset muscle soreness is normal. It doesn't necessarily mean That you know, you have to be sore after each workout to have had a good workout, but it is expected. And if you are a beginner new to the gym, you will experience Dom's particularly in you know, the first sort of month of training or so, it will fade off and get better and get you'll get less Dom so to speak. I know sometimes like I don't get an awful lot of dogs anymore. If I do have a really hard training session or my training Split or exercises or anything changes up a bit. Then I will have Dom's but if you are a newbie you sort of do have to expect the Doms to begin with. Yeah, and if it's too bad to the point where you feel like you need a wheelchair just pull back a little bit. Yeah. It's a good size. And like look, I like, you know few weeks ago. I went to the gym and crush. It could walk for three days. There you go, you know, so but I know that was too much I might yeah, look, I can't even lay on a foam roller. That was too much. So you just To go with your gut and everything and that's why we say to ease into it. You know, you knew that the gym just start with you know, two workouts a week or three works out to week and just take it easy. Yeah. Yeah, so if it's sharp or really sore, no, it's not normal. If it's sort of a key in the muscles that you deliberately worked then yes, it is not. You know, I know with patients at work when I'm asking about pain and stuff if they if like physically you can see it but if they're cringing their face and doing that that's when you know, it's not Not good, like that's too much. That's too much pain when they're screwing their face up and and that way yeah, it would be the same like if you're actually feel it's taking your breath away or you're having to cringe your face up. That's that's painful. There's a difference between like experiencing like a sharp pain like yes it and then just rather a dull ache that's bearable. That's more discomfort. We would say. Yeah, that's right spot-on and you know the whole no pain no gain and push through the pain. I don't really like using those terms. I don't believe in it. They are quite I understand. They will take them really literally. Yeah, I always have people being like yeah, I've had a really sore need for so long, but I just pushed through it, you know, and and they want me to go ye fucking push through it, but I might know that's when we stopped and Maria says you don't have a look at why it's actually talk. Yeah, exactly and I don't believe there should be any sharp pain in the gym. There should be no sharp. And if you're getting a needle, you're going to get a sharp sting, but like sharp pain in the gym know you probably need a stop reassess and think why is that happening? Absolutely? Beautiful. So moving on we've got Ruth Ray Lee Cannon you doing great with the names of the best. This is not a strong point of mine guy mentality through rehab so managing limitations without believing you always be limited. Yes. This is huge because people go and see practitioners and receive a diagnosis because that's part of the job description sometimes. Okay, let's give this person a diagnosis. You mentioned that GPS as well, right? Yeah, so they almost feel like okay, we have to diagnose this person with something the person they use all fancy terms the patient takes one or two words that scare them and they hold on to that and go. Oh my God, my back's fact like the they used all these fancy words. I didn't understand I now have X Y Zed. Yeah, and then they identify with that and that can be really scary. Yeah, like that's not fun at all. Right and it's the same as like anyone. One that has like any chronic illness like Ms. Or if they're diabetic or something like that practitioners unintentionally refer to them like all their diabetic and they hold that label to themselves and they almost think all year. Like I have MS like this is me. Yeah, and it's really dangerous because then you instill that mindset in the fear and an identity that that's all they are. So, you know, you really see that come through with health professionals when they do say all those, you know fancy words and and you do Yourself is this diagnosis? Yeah, definitely and then back to the question will lead to the limitations and limiting beliefs while I have this I can't do this now and all of a sudden it's that mindset of what you can't do but it's really important to reverse that and focus on what you can do because there is so much we can do but it can be challenging when there's people with more Authority and knowledge in the area telling you you can't do this because yeah. Perhaps you can't do X y&z, but you can do these other things. So I think if you're in that limiting belief as well, you sort of probably need a probe those questions. Yes, you're feeling a bit intimidated and everything like it's okay. I can't do this. Let's have a bit more of a growth mindset around it and think about what I can do. Yes, sometimes those people might just need prompting because at the end of the day we are there to pick up on what's going on and diagnose and that's just the medical model in the way of doing things. Yeah. Yeah, and and if you leave the appointment without a plan of what you can do, then you got to take a bit of ownership to we're all about I'm all about giving the power back to you. And then so ask questions, right? What something that I can focus on until the next appointment and I always make sure that they leave feeling really positive and they have homework of things that they're to work on without adding in extra stuff. So communication is everything. Thing really is everything and if you don't feel comfortable after an appointment with someone or you're really confused on what to do. It's important to not rest, like don't sit still go seek that second opinion. Absolutely. So the only times that we should really rest that area is if we have a broken bone, let's just say we've broken our leg. All right, you don't remove a broken bone, but there's so much that we can do we can work the other leg we can. Upper body. Yeah, we can do so much just for some context as well. Like if you have had a total hip replacement we get you up within six hours after the surgery go. So like the the name suggests movement is medicine and we want to promote blood flow to the area. We want to promote movement. So the body knows it's safe to go there and it's safe to repair and move forward. So I think as well when I've had back issues in the past. I used to be a bit fearful of going to gym. I can't go to the gym now and you know trainings like A big passion of mine so to not be able to like move my body and go to the gym and get those endorphins and feel energized was hard because I felt like I've literally like I've wrecked my day because I yeah, I've got this pain now and I can't do anything about it and actually not moving is going to make it worse. It wasn't until one of my mentors sort of said to me one time. He's like, you know, what sometimes and I wouldn't recommend this but he's like sometimes when I you know, my back would flare up I would come in and deadlift and do some light. At least and really refined my form and listen to my body and feel my back if it was pinching at all. Perhaps my technique was off like any sort of changed my mindset about thinking like like maybe going to the gym and doing what I can do and listening to my body and using all those pain signals as data all those discomfort signals and yet when I did like I was like I can do so much. Do you have like I can still you know, and it surprised me as well with what things are. Do like with some upper body like pressing being like Oh, no, I feel that in my back when it's sore today. Yeah, you know, that was good feedback. Absolutely because that's all injuries are it's just feedback on what we're doing and what we need to change and I love that you said it's data because it really is and when I get someone come to me and say, oh I can't deadlift. I've done this and that that's the first thing I don't do it under heavy load. I replicate that movement pattern have a look. Okay? Why can't you deadlift? Yeah, it's it can be as simple as just Slight tweak in technique then all of a sudden they can do it as well. But there's a whole amount of psychology behind it. And it's really important to start very in a minimal way and then build upon that slowly to build up confidence. Yeah and like move into it. Like Danny said slowly like when I started going to the gym after having some backflips, I'll do like a really brisk walk on the treadmill and just do a little bit of cardio just to remove my body again rather than just going in and deadlifting. Yeah, it's just about baby steps and experimenting and then sure enough like the next day. I actually woke up. I felt better like it, you know encouraging that recovery and your body to move again is just really beneficial definitely and an analogy that I love to put out there. If you imagine a pond right it's stagnant and it grows moss and all that crap in it and it's gets dirty. So that's like our body as well. If we're stagnant everything pulls and all the chemicals and toxins. Just stay there now if we compare At to a flowing river like the mount Franklin Water. We drink that it's crystal clear because it's always flowing. That's the same as our body and healing. Yes. We want to be like that river flowing. Everything's moving healing. Yeah nutrients get moved around the body and that's a good analogy and something that I used to think about as well as like when I would get this is a bit weird. Where are ya when I'm gets sick or like a weird lump or like something like that. I'd be like Okay, I can go all investigator on myself and like figure out what's wrong with me and then like rehab myself and try and fix it and use it to like grow your knowledge from like if you have an injury what's going on, like, you know, figure it out like this is great. It's a chance to like prevent any future shit from going on. Yeah and like you'd be your own experiment. Yep, your where our own scientists. Yes very much. Like don't just put that accountability into someone else and and if you feel like other people Willa taking that power away from you. Then you're really working with the wrong people. You need to be involved in your own care. Yeah, because as you mentioned earlier, it's really about what we're passionate about as well. So obviously, I've been a PT for nearly 10 years and we didn't learn much exercise rehab in the Osteo degree or in any degree or well not in the PT either. So when I learned pretty butterflies dance around a lot of things their experience in mentoring and every year and that's what we sort of highlighted at the start is that that you know, there's there's more than one way to skin a cat. Definitely we use sudden like every podcast that's fine. Still not to you have focusing on what we can do and we are not our diagnosis seek help. So moving on to the next question. Yeah, I'm Lynn seven seven to eight. Okay how to recover from bulging discs in back L5 S1 being battling it for over a decade. Oh this fantastic question. So emmalin before we get into it Danny. Dr. Dani. Yes bulging disk. What is it? Okay, so we often hear the phrase. I've slipped my disk. Now that's different to a bulging disc because the thing is we can't actually slip a disc. They don't slip they don't go anywhere. We have fluid without getting too technical. We've got our bones in our spine and then in between each bone is a little sack of fluid and that takes force and pressure. So if we always repeat a movement such as bending forward all the time under load under load what can happen Is the fluid can push back a little bit? It doesn't slip it just bulges a little bit towards the back and that can cause pain when it presses on a nerve for example, and then the pain can go down a leg or something like that. So in order to recover from bulging disc, so this happened over a decade ago guaranteed it's healed because tissues take probably maximum six to eight months to heal. Yeah, so it's definitely healed now. What's probably The remaining is the patterning in our body and our posture. So for example, if you hurt your back when bending forward, there can be many weaknesses around that such as a week or we could glutes poor posture things like that that actually caused that so rather than resting. It's really important to look at the movement saying okay, which ways am I comfortable in moving IE bending forward bending? And we need to strengthen the opposite because that's what rehab is we spend a lot of time in one posture? Whether it be at a computer bending down with sheet form. Now. We need to strengthen the opposite. There's no need to fear movement or disc bulges. Yeah at all and a great quote that I read before was that there is no such thing as a bad posture just one that we spend too much time in so yes, you know, some people that are, you know, getting these back support things in the car and everything like that. Well, why not? Have a look at how you're sitting in the car. Yep, and address that posture, you know, we often told pull our shoulders back and and sit up straight and and really explore that neutral spine. And what is giving you the pain and I guess when she says been battling it for over a decade. Well, is it the bulging disc or is it the movement pattern and that's what you really need a break it down to as like I was the same I was like, oh my back was like, okay. Well what really pisses my back off? What exercises piss my back off? It's not the barbell. It's certain movement patterns or at certain volumes or certain intensities or it's all of the above combined together. So you need to like break that down. You know, it's not that leg press it's that movement pattern. Don't forget it when you do a high bar Squad as well like you just need to look at what's causing it. Yeah, and it's really important with disks. So the main the main thing is if there's a presentation in the All back it's related to the heaps and cores hands down because our glutes don't work. Well our cores on holidays as well. The low backs going to do all the work. And of course, it's going to get pissed off. I'd be pissed off it to all my friends are at the beach and I was always working. Yep. So it's like, you know, and it gets angry because it's working so hard. So rather than focusing on always attacking what's strong IE. What's tied? Oh my Lord back. Sorry. Tight, I need a stick freaking a hundred needles in it. No leave the low back because it's freaking working. So well, we need to strengthen the core and the glutes. Yeah and let them bloody come to the party and do some work. So there's no need to fear. The disc bulges just strip right back build a solid foundation glutes core get them working and then progress that's how it works and I guess something simple and constructive that we could Share with you is both Danny and I actively prescribed like the McGill big three. Yeah for stabilizing the core and the spine. So strengthening the core and stabilizing the spine. So doing those real basic movements, like planking bird dogs, and then some glute exercises activating your glutes properly. Like what we spoke about in one of the other episodes. Yeah, we both prioritize activation work. Absolutely. No sorts of things over overtime will pay dividends in injury prevention. Italy because I had someone come to me who had pain for almost 20 years and it was just a matter of I prescribed twice a day. She had to do her core and glute exercises and people like, oh my God twice a day while call you been in pain freaking 20 years just do this up to Danny. Hey, all right cool, you know, just give your you owe yourself this time do it and then yeah sure enough with some Changes she became pain-free now. I'm not saying that I can just help everyone but it's just very similar patterns to everyone. We all sit down in the car bloody all the time. We already over using our low back or called coral and glutes focus on that and we do live in a world these days where we are in that forward hunched position all the time. So like encouraging yourself to get out of that, you know, like laying on the ground for a little bit. I squats it a lot of the time like just putting yourself into different postures and positions and just get into the gym and moving your body properly. Yeah, and if you're unsure again, ask for help, we've got a lot of exercises on our page that I love sharing and all of that so that I use with my clients to but yeah, there's definitely a lot that we can do for bulging discs cool. I'm going to leave you with this name. No, are you have to say it? Okay a great question from Canal Yad Havana he Are you done beautiful? You don't have a great cultural. Well done. Will you be able to hold a flick spine like sitting in a car without symptoms after a disc injury great. And then this also crosses into the next question from George Gibson. Oh, this is testing my eyesight. They always computers quite far away. I can't read how to fix excessive lumbar lordosis. So basically these two people are asking one person's asking. Okay, we're bent over a lot. The other person's asking okay my spine it's backwards. So, you know how chicks did stick out there but on Instagram and like that and I used to do it. Okay, Kim Kardashian. Yeah. Yeah, you know stick the glutes out that's lordosis. So basically under load how to fix both of those. So whether we're sitting in a car or wherever Barbara on our back is to strengthen the opposite Canal asked about bending forward. So we need to strengthen him bending back Georgie or George mentioned bending back we To strengthen them bending forward. So it's really just about creating a solid foundation that's equal on all sides. And then yes, you can do it. Yeah, I think a big missing piece of the puzzle is called strength. Oh, yes, I guess like I don't that could be the podcast just that sentence then you can never do enough guys like unless you plank you for 24 hours a day. Like I challenge you to try and do too much core. Just like is there a thing called? Muscles too tight. No actually, no because we're all lazy and we don't breathe properly roll breathing into Arch s not into our belly. So ideally in an Ideal World, we should be doing a quick 30 second plank either side twice a day forever. Really? Yeah, because we don't naturally, you know, you'd be crawling on the ground and would be doing all these movements and it's why I guess a lot of people that do yoga and all this sort of flow movements like generally like really flexible don't have a lot of back issues. They've just got Abs of steel, but the thing is if you go to yoga person to go try and powerlift they'll be cooked because they're not stable. So it really depends on what your actual goal is. Now. I'm not saying yoga and pilates is bad because it's actually amazing. There's we spoke in last week's podcast with how do you that there's a time and a place for everything and everyone it really just depends on your sport because there's no way you'd have a big Power lifter about to squat 200 kilos wanting this one to be bendy. Mmm. You know what I mean? And you wouldn't want someone who participate in yoga to be as stiff as a powerlifter. Yeah, as long as there's no pain then we're good. Yeah, and it comes down to you as well. Like some people may never have to you know plank twice a day and some people may have to and unfortunately that's just life. Yeah, there's worse things that we can be doing. But one thing that I do want to mention is we can't actually ever get out of alignment. There's no such thing. I get people come to me in the clinic saying my ribs out. Out like where is it? Is it in your hand it to pick it up. Like where is it ice wines out? No, it's still there like out in the town. Where is it? Where's it going? Why didn't you invite me? Seriously? So it's yet we can be rotated in certain ways now Usain Bolt fastest Sprinter in the world. He has scoliosis meaning his spine is in an S shape. Yeah. Imagine if we tried to make him look like a textbook. He came into glinka like right just wines out. It's in a nest. We put him straight. So he looks like an anatomy textbook. Do you think he'll be the fastest man? All right. That's a that's a great Point. Like it just comes down to your sport your preference your symptoms your pain. Yeah, you're an individual. Yeah, if you come in and you swine's in an S shape, you don't have pain freaking awesome leave it exactly good. Let's not let's don't try and fix what's not broken. Absolutely. All right moving on hooting spending ha ha green. The underscore two three six green eat. Have you had any major injuries and how have you dealt with them? So you sort of touched on with your back a little bit and what you went through and yeah, I guess when I first started training, I wish I had sort of got a PT or some help at the start because I have doubt had must have done something to my back many years ago, maybe probably four or five years ago and it's just been sort of a little bit of a chronic issue from now on and I occasionally Get flare-ups but two years ago. They were so frequent. They were like weekly and I was just it was so frustrating because I'd be like couldn't go to the gym or I was in fear of going to the gym when I'd get these back flare-ups and I couldn't pinpoint what I was doing wrong. Now. I'm sort of breaking down all these other little niggles and issues that I've gotten, you know, you refined and refined and just get better but over time like I've met I managed to sort of really space those flare out flare-ups out to sea. Sort of you know, they were weekly and then they were monthly and then though every second month and now they're sort of six monthly and when I do get a flare-up, I know what I've done or I can pinpoint as to like what's happened, you know, you have been in a bad posture sitting down all day for too long and for me that does flare up my back. I know that my mic or needs work like I'm constantly doing lots of the you know side planks and lots of core activation before I squat and deadlift and that's just something that will I'll forever have to do so it is just about we all do to be honest before we Squat and deadly if we need to be warming up and activating our core and gluteal that so yeah, like I've learned a lot about my my personal case and I get a lot of messages asking like how do you rehab yourself and all this sort of stuff and I'm really reluctant because it's been such a big Journey for me because even now when I look back at my checking photos from years ago, I'm like wow. Wow, look at my anterior pelvic tilt there. It's huge. So remaining her KK ya bum sticking out. Yeah, like my I had such an insane excessive even my ribcage sort of shifted forward so that yeah, it really shows how tight your back muscles would have been to pull and then how weaker you call were on the front which most of us have hugely and I don't even like show like on my page. I think I've got a comparison where I spoke about it because I'm like, oh my God, and as soon as I started correcting these Used to be honest, the hip thrust was really Rehabilitation for me and then obviously the core work as well and just any other little niggles, but once I started putting all these pieces of the jigsaw together and sort of putting my body back together and really focusing on our refining my technique in the gym and really stepping back to baby steps my glutes blew up because I finally my back had that relief and I could transfer that Force to the targeted muscle that I wanted to initially use her, you know. And everyone was is thrusting all these heavy weights on the hip thrust but you know, and I was one of them but it's great my back of your good work. Yeah, my glutes. No because I was sorry anteriorly pelvic Lee tilted that I couldn't scoop my pelvis up. Yeah, so that's when regression is perfect. So always starting on the floor and a lot of people who I've had come in being like, yeah thrust a hundred kilos. They can't even do it properly without way. It's not shit. Yeah, like I know I hold their head. Might go night because when you hold the head, it stops prevents sort of misaligns that sort of scooping up words. Have you ever done that with someone? I know I let them do all the work. I just hold them down. But when you really do try and focus just on keeps down I use ribs down with big breath in chin to your chest and scoop. It's it's a funny sort of feeling it's like they're like what we're not used to. Yeah, they don't know what they're doing. Awesome. So yeah, that's how I guess I've sort of Really? That's the only niggle that I've really had. I mean I had a little bit of a hamstring recently, but to be honest, it's from the back isn't it? So I also like Don but it it's been good. And you know, it's I'm not fixed. I'll forever be probably rehabbing my cell say I don't like that language one bit. Yeah. There we go. Talk to Danny. It's a perfect example of identifying with injury. No, that's okay. This is why we're here to catch each other out and I want to make it a bit awkward for sure L because now she'll never say that ever again all she'll remember this moment. All right, I'm embarrassed in front of them. I'm sorry. Oh my God. I relate to Cheryl because everyone does yeah and that's freaking awesome. And I love you, but don't fucking ever say that again because you won't be you won't be what about you? Dr. Danielle? That's what it on me. Yeah. Yeah about the ribs the ribs. Yeah. So the When it happened I was light for an aeroplane. I had a big heavy bag on my shoulder and then I was running running running as soon as I got to the gate and I'd meet some fine. Anyway, I was like, holy shit. My really really hurts now. I went and spoke to Andrew Lock who's a physio at boy? He's the god at Pro roll. He's like, how did you do it? I'm like, I was running for a plane. He's like know how do you actually do it? Like that wasn't the reason why and then am I? Oh, yeah. - it's never actually that last tip of the iceberg. There's always underlying things. So my core was week as well. It was Stronger on one side. Those muscles got really tight and pissed off and then it rotated my rib, my rib didn't come out anywhere. It didn't go anywhere didn't jump on the plane. It was just rotated. So then again by really focusing on what I could do movements. I was still moving. I avoided things that hurt and were sharp and then just focus on core and glute. And again, that's yeah the rib came back to the party. I came back to the party. No issues exercising. You haven't had any injuries in terms of deadlifting or 12. That was that was really hindered my exercise and that was in prep. Yeah, but because there was just so much that I could do. I'm like all right meant it didn't actually stop me. I just changed programming. I've hurt my back deadlifting but that's when I was booking an eyelash appointment and then within 30 seconds, I went to the bar didn't put my lights on probably so it's all being real. Uh, yeah technique postural base. Yeah and like we said when we do do something like that Danny and I are probably really good now knowing why I didn't turn my lights on. I didn't, you know, do me a bird dogs. I was rushed. Yeah, but we understand that that's not like a lot of people aren't so in tune with their bodies and that's fine. And that's why there are professionals and trainers and other people out there that you can seek that expertise from that because they were asking about all these sorts of questions even Why not put those pieces together, but that's what they're trying to figure out is what is the actual root of the course? Yeah. That's our jobs what we do. All right. Let's move on to the shoulder. So Aaron McAvoy X. I took this name for some reason advice for training with winging scapula. So this I get this question a lot actually because a lot of people have it. So what's a winged scapula flying to the park? Yeah. So if you yeah if you think of like a chicken when you put your hand behind your back and then all of a sudden your shoulder blades sticking out So what we have a lot of muscles that attach to the shoulder blade from the top from the sides and front and back if one is a lot stronger then our shoulder blade is going to move in that direction and a lot of us have really tight and strong upper trap muscle. So above our shoulders and that's going to pull the shoulder blade forward and then the bottom part of the shoulder blade is going to stick out and it's going to look like it swinging. So that's what it is advice for training with the winging scapula strengthen the other muscles that Hold it so the serratus anterior now there is exercises or be tricky. So those listening can't see me doing the action, but I'll post some exercises for that such as bird dog rotating outwards with dumbbells things like that that are really going to strengthen all the other muscles that are weak. And that's the general theme with with that. Yeah and like as well like strengthening all the muscles in your back like anything on that your posterior chain as well. Yeah really help Leila. Face pools. Yeah, a really good one. The thing with a lot of these sorts of exercises is that their support you're supposed to do them with a lightweight because you light weight is heavy for those muscles and I think that's what a lot of people do is they're yanking at the Rope when they're doing face pulls and they're not, you know, really controlling the movement squeezing the muscles and you know, it's not like a leg press no, definitely your spot on and that's when the upper traps will work because they love moving under momentum and heavy load. Yeah. We're trying not to To let me away want to use the wake of muscles. Yep, and then on to the next one me. Yep, how are you? Holly Denman? Yeah, not. Yep. That's a that's an easy one. I would shoulder stretches cause these arms can't go past my head These Arms can go past month. I love some shoulder Mobility stuff. Yeah, I love that you said mobility and not so much stretches. So she roll posted some really good shoulder Mobility where she used a broom stick and put it over her head. And the only thing is I'm going to be typical Danny again and saying stretches and everything is just very short term. They're not actually beneficial to be honest. They only feel good when we're doing them and then as soon as you stop it's useless. So again in terms of shoulder and getting your arm past your head Mobility from what Cheryl said getting the upper back moving think about it. We're always hunched over. Of course. Your shoulders aren't going to go past your head. We need to really allow. That extensions are bringing our spine back and then you'll be able to get that Mobility over your head. So again strengthening what week not stretching what's strong and tight and it's not about just stretching a muscle so that you can put, you know, get your body into that position, but it's about becoming strong in that end position and that's why I like things like prone lateral raises and using the broomstick and everything because even though the broom sticks like what a kilo that's still a lot for those little tiny. Cil's in that strength weak position that we're putting our body in. Yeah. So yeah, it's about making sure that you're not just stretching your shoulder and forcing it into that pocket because it is one it like the you know, the most mobile joint in the body, so it's going to eventually going there if you keep putting it but it's about strengthening those muscles as well. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. It's we've got so many themes that have been for every sort of scenario with our recovery. So the last question regarding shoulder was FH underscore K pain in the upper back while doing overhead presses an incline bench. What should I change very relevant to the above to strengthen all the muscles around the shoulder blade allowing it to sit in a comfortable safe position and then adding that Mobility through the upper back and then you'll be able to with good technique press overhead bench on an incline or flat pain free. Yeah and a lot of these questions. It just really makes me think that a lot of these problems could be Resolved if you followed a well-balanced pushed pool style program, you know exercise prescriptions really important and making sure that you've got like the appropriate amount of pushing and pulling and horizontal and vertical. Yeah, and if you just train your body in a way that it's supposed to be in a balanced sort of way doing all the main movement score push-pull lower upper, whatever all these things will resolve over time. Hmm, definitely and that was brilliant and just To add in one more thing using unilateral work. So one side at a time say we're right-handed. We're using our right arm for a lot of things. We need to if we jump straight on a lat pull down. Your right arm is lot stronger. It's going to take more of the load. We need to be doing single arm exercises nice and slow practice that movement patterning to then address the imbalances because if we're squatting two legs leg, press lat pulldown everything's with to then they're not going to catch. Up to one another so really addressing it with unilateral work and we can be handed a golden program. That sounds good in theory and it's got the perfect scientific ratios and all this stuff. But if our technique is poor it's not going to happen. So a lot of these online programs that don't actually have exercise screening like what we do then how are we to know that you're actually performing at properly you could be doing a seated row, but you're not actually moving your shoulder blade back. Back and then therefore you're not training the right muscles. It's so trick. Nick is King and it's so true because it's something that I'm really big on with my girls is like I don't care sort of how much you're doing in the gym if it's rubbish technique. Yeah, like I need to see what you're doing. So that it can one give me the confidence to prescribe, you know, the appropriate exercises that you're up to and give you Progressive overload because you know, you got to earn those rights like it doesn't matter how many sets or wraps or wait you're moving if the Quality is crap. Absolutely and everyone wants to be on the barbell straight away. But we've I've had to have many conversations saying cool. We're just going to put the barbell away for a little bit. Let's get will nail that single arm work will really get you feeling out of pain moving well and then progressing and we've had to do that with our training site. Even you need to drop it down a bit like find some of the best of the best will we'll always say like it depends or yeah, they'll never be a clear-cut answer to everything and that's why you know, a lot of genetic program is and stuff like that are fine and they have their place and purpose but if you're having injury and you're trying to rehab yourself and your cycling through these styles of training, well, you probably need to seek out help and get a program that's going to align with your goals because if you're having injury, they probably shouldn't be body composition strictly related. It should be that being pain-free and getting your body. In a position to perform. Well, yeah because you're not going to like lose weight and do all this if you're sore because you're not going to be working to maximum capacity. Anyway. Yeah exactly. Hey, I'm dividends in your future health and fitness journey by sorting this shit out now and that's something that I'm like, yeah. Look I'm too young to like have back engine alone stuff like that and I work with a lot of like nurses and midwives that have that live with pain and injury, you know, Suzanne Steiner rotator cuff began delivering a baby and Sally's done a little back. Moving such and such and like it's so normalized now in my industry and it shouldn't be and I just I always say to the younger girls like put the bed up like get another person don't reach over like, you know, when we're transferring women after having every drools from bed to bed or you know in emergency situations. It's sort of expected that are you'll just sit in that position. Yeah, and it's not it's not okay. I'm always like look after your body because it's your longevity and Korea definitely, we always want to look after others, but if we don't look after ourselves as we always say we comport from an empty cup whether you're a nurse mom, whatever you do for work, like look after your own pain and then wealth well that to well, how's the wow baby your health is your wealth. There you go. That's perfect. Thanks for covering that and on that. Yeah health is your wealth definitely. So just to recap on today. We've seen a lot of real themes whether a talk about upper body lower body prevention. In rehab simple is best. Okay. Just remember we spend time in a certain posture. We need to strengthen the reverse of that and it's a simple freaking has that. Yeah and often a lot of the things that we hate doing in the gym. I probably the things that we need to do more of yeah, so, you know, it's not that complex. It's like cool your hate split squats. You probably need to do more of them. That's right. That's why they hard because you know dorm. Yeah less is more guys and you know, the best of the best can do the things that they do not Because they have mastered the basics and a lot of people miss that basic Step at the start and I think it's because as well, you know with social media and everything, we see the higher wheels and the advanced and the hundred kilo squats and we don't see them starting with the broomstick on their back. And yeah, but that's a fundamental part in all of this. Yeah. So I suppose it's our duty now to really show what we do from start to finish the workout and really demonstrate. Yeah, we do start with the brand if that's something that you guys want to see more. More of from Danny and I because like I don't think I have anything on my page squatting with a broomstick like if the the real basic stuff, like I know Danny has a lot of informative videos in regards to technique and things like that. But you know, I'm sure we have some dirt that we could dig up on definitely off. So let us know if that's something you want to see more of but thanks again for tuning in today and episode 14 being a couple of days late. We do apologize for that. But if you did get anything In from this episode itself, please do take a screenshot. Share it on your Instagram story tag myself tag, Daniel and tag the level up Podcast. Hashtag movement is medicine. But yeah.