Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being here. I'm Ashley and velvet. I had to compose myself. I apologize for that. That was no apology needed. That was rough. I'm sorry. I just couldn't stop laughing. I'm crying. So glad I did not wear makeup today. So today was not as productive as yesterday. No, I like that too to my door didn't feel they to my core ideas. Like it wasn't a bad day. I just yesterday. I woke up ready to go this morning. I woke up with absolutely. No sleep. Like I cried in bed like four hours last night just like my coach cramping cramping bad. Like it's just her so miserable bad and then I bailed on Stephanie for the gym this morning, and then I ended up going Going after I took Christian to work. So I had like 45 minutes and it was just it was really rushed. I felt really rushed and then I got to work and I got to Bringers that'll work in the kids. Yay loved her. So I just today was a good day. But I was just like in so much pain and then I baked Cushing's cake and now my dear dishes you did my dishes. Thank you for doing my dishes. I was like reston's kind of listen to this and be like bitch. You don't even do dishes at our house my dishes. Yeah. It's I know it's just this thing when I go to Are people's houses? I clean up you? Oh Heidi up when you go. Yeah, so, you know, but I don't do my own dishes but that in my defense. I just really hate doing dishes. Usually you didn't I did well because I also get to a point where it's like I'm looking at it and I was just sitting there watching you bake and then there's like all these dishes and I'm like, I just need to do these dishes. So I did the dishes. I appreciate that mentality now, I don't have to do the dishes. I was fully prepared to do. The Descent for the for that I left though, I'd like the cups. Yeah, what's the cops because I didn't want to like undo them and like try to stick my hand like down there. You know, it's just like it's just like it never fits. Well, that's I didn't want to do that cleaner. Oh, yeah, that would make sense with those things are. Okay. Yeah. So so to be quite honest like those Cubs, they just kind of like stay in the sink because every time we load the dishwasher, we can't put those cups in the dishwasher back coffee cups from like Starbucks and BMW and stuff and We just know the same thing. You just said like we don't take the lids off and clean them. So they just kind of I should have just done. Oh, no, it's alright to do them before I leave don't do I'm gonna do them. I've already made my mind up. You need to go home and care for yourself. That's okay. That's a good segue. That is a good segue. I'm trying to get what's our episode about self-care and self-love. So we actually kind of talked about this a couple weeks ago and of my friends Lauren reached out to me and she was like, Hey, I love that you're all about like self care self love, you know, I love that you're promoting that but like how did you get there? And so I kind of want to just dive a little bit deeper on that topic of like, you know history of like how Ashley and I used to care for ourselves and feel about ourselves and then our journey into today and how we are now and I think we both have a really really good relationship with ourselves and we're able to self-reflect and you Really do what we need to do for you know, our mental physical all around health and I am just really excited to talk about that because it didn't used to always be that way for me personally. Absolutely not for me either. I used to literally just hate myself. Really. I mean like I hated everything about myself. So yeah, it's a garbage. It's yeah, like it's a different place to be in a place where you love who you are and like you realize that, you know, you're a human and you still fuck up and you still got shit to fix but like Overall, you're pretty happy with yourself. And that's a really good place to be in it changes. It literally changes your life. So I think that's why it's such an important subject. Oh, man. You just spilled your faculty. It's okay. See you just brought like this is the original meaning to spill in the T like you you literally so but then we're gonna also hey that's a segue because we're going to Spill the tea on how to care about yourselves. Right? Like yeah, the other thing the dots the other day Christian was trying to tell me like some gossip about his work and then I got like super invested and then he came back the next day and he just like walked in and I was like you got any for me and he was like what and I was like, I'm Little bit of like little hand motion. I'm doing the hand motion and he was like T. Do you need T, my guess and is like velvet. I got T so high at least he knew the term. I didn't actually learn and I was actually one of the girls that taught it to me was commenting on one of our our post the other day asking if I used and I hope she doesn't listen to this because it's you know, not that I don't want her to listen, but she's in high school still so her parents probably wouldn't want her to listen, but Throwing that out there. Yeah, but she had commented on one of the post on our adulting authentically page and she was like a Jew use any of those terms that mean, you know, her sister taught. I saw that I had. Yeah. I know we have this whole night where I stayed the night with them and and ones in seventh grade and 116. And so they were teaching me like definitely all the terms. I was like tell me like what it like what are all the cool terms and so they told me about like spilling the tea and like lit and like keep it 100. Like famine dope and you eat and I was like, okay, we have like this whole night where they just tried to like catch me up and I was like, this is bogus. It was fun A lot of it. I found myself for the first time like listening to because it doesn't seem like it was that long ago. I was like, how long ago were we in school like 10 years ago 10 years. I mean like we graduated like seven or eight years ago. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so like, you know and the age that she's at like 10 years ago, and so a lot of the terms That they were using I was like, is that like this and she was like, yeah, and I was like, it's just so it's like it's just like it's when you say this and she was like, yeah, it's like the same thing as she was like, I don't know and I was like, yeah, that's what that means like it. They're just using different words. It's just interesting because you know, our parents money. Yeah, our parents like did the same thing like they use certain words and they're like, what are you kids fucking talking about like no one understands what language was a rendition of it? So I will Funny that you say that because I you know, like a work with little kids and one of them is in elementary school and she already she's like says don't think fam and I'm just like, oh my God, you're six but Christians mom was here a couple weeks ago and I said something about having tea and Lisa was like, oh like we make we make me a cup and I was like, no I have other teams like what I will make you a comic book. Not what I was talking about. It's funny when like times a day Ashton started coming over and like you start seeing Ashton is my stepson. Yeah, so he would start coming over on the weekends and stuff and just like every time he comes it's like I'm starting to notice these changes in him. I mean, he's he's 11. He's about to be 12 and April and so he's in the sixth grade and Junior High School. So he's learning all these things like, you know, he's starting to be very impressionable like what this friends and like pick Upon what they're saying, but he'd like come over and he was like dab and I'm like, what are you like you just like like our dance? Yeah, like like this thing, you know, like I feel like such an old person like but yeah, he would like come in and be like Yeah, Ashley and then he oh and I'm like, what was that? Like, we just I had no idea what it was. I'd never seen it before and he's like doing it and I'm like, what did you just do to use like it's a dad and I'm like what and then he's like and I know what did I just do? Know what that's called. It's that thing where they do. I just hit the mic you hit no. Whoa, that's it. I did post makes fun of me, but I don't know what it is. And yeah, like what happened doesn't he's like do it Ashley and like and who like do it and I'm like what the fuck am I doing? I learned it from Tick-Tock. Like I'm okay. Yeah, and he watches Tick-Tock. I like the funniest thing happened a couple weeks ago. I picked him up and like we're driving and we always Jam together like we Jam hard like he gets in the car with me and we jail like he and he told me we're like driving. He's like, you know, I really like it when you come to pick me up instead of dad and I was like, yeah, he was like, yeah because we get to Listen to our music and like we're playing like Shoop like in his mom listens to the same music, but we'll listen to like Liz. Oh and like, oh my God, we are like dancing and he's like do it Ashley and I'm like dude what he's like the hell you do it and I'll try to do it and then he was like don't ever do that again, and I'm like, okay. This is my life. Now. I am a 25 year old stepmom and it's whatever. It's great though. It has its good moment. Well speaking of your stepson my brother turned 11. Even today it says I don't know. They're the same age. It's his birthday. Yes the same age. What grade is he in? No, he's in sixth. No. No, maybe he is in fifth grade. I thought it was in fourth grade. I don't know. I don't know. I know he's not in junior high. Yeah. Okay. Alright and might be in fourth or fifth grade. I'm really involved. I don't want that to come off the wrong way. I just like he loves we obviously don't live with him. So but yeah, but happy birthday to him. It's my my best friend Emily. It's her 26th birthday. Shout out to Emily if I don't know if she listens but if she does happy birthday Emily I met her when I was in college. She was like my first like forever friend and she's the one that she's getting married in two weeks. So it's good to New Orleans. No, not New Orleans. Just Louisiana. She's like up north. No, I'm going to New Orleans you are going to it's the same weekend. You're in New Orleans. Okay, she's getting me that's where I got confused. Well, my best friend's birthday is tomorrow as well. Oh, yeah. Yes the restaurant but yeah, I have to wrap his presents when you leave. I was making his cake when you got here and then we're going on like a nice fancy date tomorrow and I'm so just getting this a sport. Oh, yeah, I was going to be spoke on a must be happy to like like because I try to spoil him of course, but like it makes me really happy to like be able to dedicate one day to him. And yeah, so this is how much I love you and he is so annoying. I like he won't let me tell them anything. Like he doesn't even know where we're going out. Does he not we're going out to eat to Jeffrey's Steakhouse. And I know what you're thinking. I'm not going to eat any steak. I'm going to probably eat like a side of Brussels sprouts or something about brussels sprouts are real. Good morning those brussel sprouts. We had Saturday Curry Lane those were so good. I've been talking about him all week. They're so good. They're so I love brussels sprouts. Yeah, probably just going to eat like a bunch of sides or something. I saw that they had like, Like they know that it was a lobster mac and cheese. That's what I thought Christian would like but they had like a couple cool things on like the appetizer menu that I was like I could make this. Yeah meal like it'll work. So I'm really excited. That's super exciting and I'm excited for I can't wait to see this cake. I'll be but I take is gonna be garbage because you know what? I just love with Adam and they're just like I'm trying to make a layer cake and they're just they're not the same. I know I have to like cut them and everything but like even on the It's like I just I don't think you know what you can just glue it all together with the icing, you know, where there's like not cake. You just shove a little bit more icing in there to make it level and it'll maybe work I guess it's you know, really matter what the cake looks like. I just found out if it tastes good and he just he just said he wanted me to make them like animals plus, you know when you shave off the things are you going to do that tonight? Because that's some good late-night snackage. Yes shave that off eat a little bit of that chocolate cake, you know. After tomorrow though, it's going to be it's going to be a vote for I don't know how I'm going to pull everything off tomorrow after be at work at 7:00. I get off at 6:30 and then our reservations are at 8:30. You're going to do it though. It's going to be I don't know how you're gonna do it, but you're going to drink a lot of coffee. Yeah. Hmm. It's gonna be so exciting. All right. Well, let's wrap up this intro. Yeah, so we can write the intro, but I'm just really happy to be here. I am so happy to be here. Thank you for doing my dishes, but It I yeah, I do definitely want to jump into this topic for today. So we're like as we said we're going to talk about self love and self care and how they go hand-in-hand but how they're also, you know, very different things and and there's a lot of different aspects to it and it's you know, it's more than just like taking a bubble bath and putting on a face mask and I think that that is what you know people think of when they think of self-care but you know there there's so many different areas of self-care like from physical emotional spiritual Financial Oil we're actually going to get into Financial self-care and another later episode. So we're not going to dive very deep into that. But I really do want to talk about like physical emotional spiritual and social ways to care for yourself and just you know, making sure that you're checking in on yourself mentally and it's super important well and it's something that a lot of people don't think about it. Yeah. They just kind of I think a lot of people just kind of forget like they just neglect to do it. They just don't it's not something Yeah, and that's you know, it's all part of learning. But like as I like it's you're not just like taking a bath and you're like, oh my God, like self-care. You're not like putting a like coconut oil on your hair. Like of course, those are things those are practices and whatnot. But you don't checking in on yourself. Are you sleeping enough? Like what kind of physical release do you have? Like are you doing yoga? Are you going to the gym? Are you walking sex count? Yeah. No, I definitely kind of obviously only physical thing that Asking for a friend. Just kidding. I do yoga like once a week. No, but you have that like yeah physical release in a lot of people don't like a lot of people don't know it but like well even cool is so important even like I was just reading some like just like on the internet which is a great resource, you know, if you want to know like what types of self-care out there and one of the things I found is like simply stretching are simply like walking your dog. It's like it doesn't you know even to just it's really just to kind of get the juices flowing like and we're not talking about sex on that one. I'm just talking about like in general like it doesn't have to be your physical thing doesn't have to be yoga. It doesn't have to be going to the gym like just get up and get moving. Whatever that may be taking your dog for a walk or like, you know, walking around the block, you know or stretching like I think that's a great like, whoo. Yeah, I who thinks about that? But really like when you sit down and you like stretch like that's it. Physical thing and it makes you it feels good. Yeah, it's like honey. This is you know take I don't know some way to incorporate that if you're not big on physical stuff is like you're going to watch a show like sitting the floor for a part of the show and like just stretch, you know, I used to do that when I was like a sheer than some I still do that. Yeah, like it feels like if you were a cheerleader and I was a cheerleader, so I was like, I think I stopped in high school. I think yeah. I remember you being a cheerleader. I was very active like I was Very I was in cheer about everything I played basketball and volleyball powerlifting and I ran track for a hot minute and they'll do anything now. I don't do shit. Actually my cousin texted me today though about trying to get me involved in like the woman's League football team of the flag football. Oh cool. So I'm going to I'm not going to commit to anything because I'm pretty non-committal when it comes to like physical exercise, but Holly people weren't I do yeah well for you know for a person I'm seeing but like To go run up and down a field. I'm pretty hot in the middle. But you know, I'm looking into it because I do I'm very aware that I want to be more active because it does you know, it affects a lot of other things like it's not just for like my my like physical, you know to lose weight or anything like that, but just because I know from studies and like common sense and like experience that it does make you feel better. I just I just hate going And I just I'm so bad at it but it does it makes you feel a lot better. But I also think that that's a another thing that goes into it. It's like we don't all care for ourselves the same way and like what works for you might not work for me. Like I I go to the gym as like he's a youth care I've off of that but for you that shit will be a chore. Yeah wouldn't want to do that at all. You would get done with that and be like that was fucking giant now I need a haircut now. I lied get done with it. It'd be like now I need to self care where all the chocolates chocolates not soft. So I kind of want to go into what you and I were like in the past and you know how he cared for ourselves. So just start off like I used to not care about myself and I thought I did but like obviously didn't like a didn't Kate. I didn't take care of my body. Like I was eating. Well I was active but like I was out every night. I was like taking Xanax like I I was like, Xanax at such a young age and then just got like overly codependent on it and it's just like even when I stopped like being prescribed it's like once I turned 18, I like wasn't in like I didn't have health insurance so I couldn't get it but like I would still somehow get it and I was just like popping that shit every night and I was just like going out and I was just like with bad influences not getting enough sleep. I was like and when I did sleep I would have like nightmares and go through sleep paralysis all the time, and it's just Like sounds absolutely terrifying it sleep paralysis is terrifying. I actually went through the other night and it was July. I'm really yeah and I haven't dealt with in a long time. I don't know if like who has gone through sleep paralysis, but if you haven't and you go through it for the first time like you literally think that you're being haunted like your it like being possessed or something and and that's what I thought it was for so long, but I you can see that because I was in like such a bad part of life that I was like, I'm just like, huh? Ted and it's funny. It's like I'm not religious at all. But it what you thought you had like a demon. I thought that I really did because it would be the same image because I can it cause it's like a nightmare right and you're just like waking up in the middle of it. But like well not necessarily so like sleep in like don't quote me on this but like sleep paralysis is when you your body it like your mind is in like sleep mode, but your body or your mind is in like like a subconscious sleep. Oh wait mode. It's you're not right lucid dreaming, right because I've heard about lucid dreaming and when people start to dive into that a lot of them they for the first time will experience wheat puros. Yeah. So that's what I was going to say is that like to induce lucid dreaming a lot of times you go through sleep paralysis first, which is why it's like who's like you're aware in your dream. Yeah, but you just can't move I gets very real said dreaming but like so when you okay, well, let's go down a bunny trail for just a second the sea. paralysis thing so when that happens Oh, so you're in bed with Christian and you're having this like nightmare, but I am awake a vacuum looks at you. Are you awake in your room? Yes, but I can't move in. Are you able to see him? Yes, but I hate but move I can't talk I can't is there also like okay you're laying in your bed your awaken him different like the I've gone so your dream happening and he's there. That's what weird about it. And that's kind of so thus like when I went through sleep paralysis the other night, it was just because like I was up on my phone, I was scrolling through Tick-Tock like it was just that I wasn't Restless to go to sleep. It was just restless and so I went like I thought I was dreaming I woke up from like a little bit of a nightmare and then I woke up and was in my room and was like fuck God damn it. Like this is what I'm going through and I'm at a place now to like where I know what it is and so I can deal with it. But like it happened I woke up. I was in my room and then I heard this like little voice Whispering it was like she's awake and I was like, oh no, I just got chills and that's why it's so fucking scary is because like you like it's just your brain Playing Tricks on you that's literally all it is but it was like she's awake and then oh my gosh. I want to cry right now. There was like another voice and it was like no she needs to stay at. Oh my gosh, and then the shadow like walked up next to me and it was like you need he was like like I don't know if it was a boy or girl but it's just like this little voice and it was like you need to stay still or he's not gonna let you wake up. But oh my God, my zombie is this a reoccurring nightmare? So that one isn't that wasn't first one that I'd ever had like that, but I've had reoccurring It paralysis episodes when I was listening. I learned with the same nightmare or it looks like a reoccurring Justice League. Okay, and just an episode but I used to have the same one when I lived in Tyler and it would be I would wake up in my room and my door would like start to crack open and then this like red like fire engine red hair girl would just like come and she would just like straddle me and just like put her hands on my shoulders and just like shake me are like chalk. Me or something and it was like so scary and so like I wasn't getting any sleep like at that time. That's absolutely terrifying and what was scared. What was what was actually it was very terrifying. It was scary. But like I had a roommate at that time like I lived with my friend Josh and there was a long time where I literally slept in his bed like every single night and it wasn't like sexual. It wasn't like anything like me and Josh. Yeah together for like three years and he was like, wow, it's like literally because like you can't sleep. See, I could not sleep and I had to have like I had to just like know that there was another presence there and that's what's so helpful about like Christian is because like even when I have nightmares, I'm Lucid in them. So I and II lucid dream like almost every night and when I'm not lucid dreaming like I'm not dreaming like I'm I've been practicing lucid dreaming for so long like since I learned what sleep paralysis was I was able to like identify like oh and Well, I was able to identify like oh, I'm not being possessed. Like this is a thing that's happening and a lot of people think they're like being possessed and it's like very scary that is absolutely terrifying. I was able to tap into that like you said and then I learned how to lucid dream and but even when I do have nightmares, I know that their nightmares and mainly because like one of them is very reoccurring and it just has to do with like a certain person and that person is dead. And so like when I see that person I'm always like oh my God, fuck I'm in a Nightmare. Yeah, and so what I'll do in my nightmare is like I'll just scream as loud as I can you scream in real life, but that we know that's why I was getting so like ice cream in my dream and then almost instantly I have Christian over me like waking me up or holding me or something and it's like I know if ice cream of my nightmare so you can pull, you know, kind of how to pull yourself out of it that I don't mess to be terrifying for Christian. Oh, yeah. He's here like a layer like Dennis leaving and someone who literally School Evening and then you're just like he'll be able to like my and then he has to turn into like, okay. Wait. No, it's not an intruder. I have to wake the lit up like and it's really like he's so supportive to him acting like a lot of the times especially with that reoccurring deal and we'll get into that in a future episode as well. But I just like I like I'll have panic attacks when I wake up even though I'm aware. It was a dream like I'll wake up and then I'm hyperventilating I'm crying and then he just It's like he's one of the only people that can like calm me down in a panic attack. Just yeah, it's like he knows my triggers and like my safe places and whatnot and just like mental places that like can get me through it. Yeah, it's really awesome. But that kind of like so that sleep paralysis like ties back into what I was saying, but like I just had I wasn't doing anything right and which explains why I thought I was being possessed or yeah, it was a shit person which that didn't add to it very much. Tribute to that did not contribute to it at all. But it was it was like really fucked up. Like I wasn't checking in on myself. I wasn't I was totally living outside of my means financially and it was just like a super that's a tough lesson to learn. Oh, yeah. It was just like a super dark time in my life. And yeah, it really just like all boils down to the fact that like I didn't care about myself. I was confident and I thought that I loved myself but like I didn't because if I did I wouldn't have been doing those things. Absolutely. I want to hear about like you're so I guess for for me, you know a lot of like my what I needed fixing was, you know, I went off to college and then I just like did stupid shit. I didn't ever I wasn't ever leaked into drugs or anything like that. I really didn't I drank a little bit but I didn't drink like a whole lot right? I was just like I made stupid decisions, you know, and a lot of what contributed to like my hate for myself was like my body image like Really really struggled with that and I've struggled with that since I was super young like because I was kind of a an early Bloomer, you know, when I was like, I guess 11 12 years old. I was in sixth and seventh grade, you know, I would like a hundred and thirty-five pounds and I had like C's and D's for boobs, you know, but at the time like every girl that was my age was like 95 pounds like super flat chested and that was like hot and like I don't read what I write and I like bloomed early and so like I never got attention from guys or anything that were like my age and I was always like the fat friend and so I struggled with that and I go back and I look at pictures now from high school when I was like a hundred and fifty five pounds doing powerlifting and I was like goddamn I looked good, right, but I always always Never a time that I was able to look at myself and be like you look good. I was always looking at myself and being like you look fat and so a lot of like myself hate just like and then struggling with like, you know, like sexual repression and and shit like that and I was trying to other conversation. Yeah and just trying to like figure out who I was and all of that. I just contributed to just all this self-loathing and then I I got really bad with like my eating habits and I just like didn't give a shit like and I thought I thought that I was like attractive but at the same time like I knew like when I went in my room was like I Hate Everything. I hate everything about my body and I started dating Rustin and I had gained a lot of weight. I was like 215 pounds like at my heaviest and I remember just waking up every day and just being miserable and one day he looked at me. He was like, oh, yeah, of course. I talked about it all the time. I just bitched about it constantly and he looked at me and he was like, I think you're beautiful. Like I love you. No matter what and he was like, but if you want to lose weight, you have to lose weight. Like you're the only one that can do that and that was like a lightbulb moment for me and it like kind of started triggering this Okay, I need to like it just made me aware of the fact that like I was the only one that could change, you know, my outside appearance and that's where it started with me was changing like my out of line starting to treat my body better by like not putting garbage in it constantly and like working on Porsche can portion control and then I still struggle with and then through that and that whole weight loss journey is really where I learned because I lost 65 pounds. That's Yeah, and it was incredible and I was literally by the end of that transformation. I was a different person like not just physically 65 pounds was gone. But like I was a different person inside my head like that that weight loss journey is what taught me how like it taught me self-awareness it taught me how to love myself and how the proper steps to kind of care about myself. No, I love that and it's I think that's really I first of all congrats on like losing 65 pounds. I know that was a long time ago. Yeah, like that is not something that's easy to do it all now, I can't imagine like how much self like I just I'm really proud of you. Like I think that that's amazing and I'm super glad that you're like in a play. I'm super glad that we're both on a place now to like where we do care of ourselves and we look in the mirror and we you know, we're not overly confident or cocky but it's like, you know like I'd fuck me like yeah, you see your worth like you see you're able to like look in the mirror and because I In the mirror now and I'm like, okay, I need to lose weight. Like I'm not cut like I'm not super fit. Like I'm I got a little Chub, you know, and but right now I'm okay with it. Like I'm overall I'm happy with my body happy with who I am and I think that's what leads to a lot of it is. Like my self-image Now isn't just wrapped up in like the number on the scale or the sighs, you know pants. I'm wearing it's about, you know, being able to look in the mirror and not only saying like I love Of my body even with the flaws that I obviously still have but like I love who I am. Right and that was the journey that was a company like with that's weight loss sure and like it took a like it took a lot to get here. Like it took a lot of time and effort for me to get to the place where I am today in my confidence in myself and my self love and all of that and I mean that's not to say that I still don't have moments of insecurity because I definitely do but I try to say You know, I think I can truly say that I love myself and I'm happy with myself and I'm proud of the progress that I've made as a person as a whole and mine kind of started with like a fitness journey as well. It's a me and my I was always an active person. I always played volleyball. I always did track I you know, I was very very active person and you know, like a tumbling all that fun stuff, but after high school, I never gained a lot of weight or anything and I was still active. I was still going runs. I would go to the gym at my apartment and whatnot, but it wasn't until like me and my friend Jacqueline like started going to the gym when I lived in Tyler and then I just started like doing better things for my body. I just started making better food choices and like realize like it. Was that kind of sorry to interrupt. Is that the moment like I don't know where your journey is with like your plant based diet. Is that when that started her is that been for a while, but that's true. When I was trying to get into it, okay, so that's when you kind of started like educating yourself online more specifically what you're putting in our body. I remember telling people that like I was a vegetarian but then like every now and then I'd like sneak off and eat a burger. Yeah thing and I remember my roommate at the time like Josh he would get so pissed off that he like velvet shut the fuck up like you're not a vegetarian like you have a burger your weight. I don't want a burger and I was like, okay, but listen I'm trying but but we see is okay. That's how I'm like, I'm trying to be more plant-based but like, you know, and I have a burger every once in a while, but then again like that's why I said this in earlier. Yeah to but that's why I don't like to put labels on it like it pisses me off when people are like, oh you're vegan and I'm like, no, I'm not. Oh you're vegetarian like no. I'm not like I have not eaten me in a very very very long time. But you know, like I may wake up tomorrow and say like hey, I want a piece of chicken and I you know, hopefully it'll do that, but it's like I think that if you can be respectful and understand that like that was alive and that was an animal and just like really have compassion for that like the way that it sounds silly. But like the way that you know, we used to do it in like the hunting and Gathering days like you don't just let go Butcher and buffalo and you're like, fuck you bitch. Like I'm going to eat you it was like you you didn't make her a part of yeah, I needed like warmth and it was you and you also like respected that life, you know, like have you seen the movie Avatar? You know how like in Avatar when? they killed that little weird dog looking animal thing and she was like, this is exact ceremony for yeah, and he was like, oh thank you for doing that and she was like no like shut up like this is fucking sad and he was like, oh shit, but like I think of it like that as well, but sorry to go off on like another body but it was Fitness but like really opened my eyes to you know, just what I could really become and how I could make myself feel and I never like I started to build a sense of confidence that I never had before and it wasn't like a oh my God. I look good confidence. It was like I feel good. Yeah. It's like an organic confidence that starts happening that it's like about you as a whole like that. That's one thing that like in my notes. I wrote down is like it started for me when I started to like appreciate myself as like a human, you know and like as a person and as a whole person I started Appreciate who I was and what I could put in the world and that made me want to you know, take care of myself more well, and I also realized that there's other things in the world that make me feel good other than hanging out with hood rats with a bottle of and here so in my hand, you know Southern Southern Comfort, they should be my shit ask Christian like that. He he said at the other day because when we were out for my friend Casey's birthday, he was like, why don't you drink whiskey anymore? And I was like you like I can't even The stand the smell of whiskey and he's like saying it's like, oh it's probably because when I met you, you literally drink Soco out of the bottle and I was like you met me I have time in life. I'm sorry. I drank so much Jack Daniels whiskey when I was in college. I think of what I can't I literally can't like I can't stand the smell of it now like it makes me it makes my stomach turn. It's pretty gross. It's pretty gross it is but like back to it. It's it's all about, you know, just finding out what works for you. Like you don't think Fitness is you know, like Fitness is not self care for you Fitness is like like you're forcing me to do this. Yeah, like I tried to get you to go to the gym with me either the other day and you were like, this is stop trying. Yeah. Well and I want the thing is I want so badly to be that person because I love myself and I'm like, I love my body and I want to do better for it. I just really despise it. Like I'm I'm happy with the way that my body looks now that I'm like, I'm okay with doing yoga a couple days a week walking my dogs. Maybe I'll get into like this football thing with my cousins and you know, that'll be a form of exercise, but I'm really just I don't feel the need. It doesn't make me happy. And so and I'm not like trying to like go to the gym and get cut or anything. So it's just not one of those things that self-care to me like self-care for me now is to do yoga and that's like my form of physical. or to sexercise because exercise you gotta get that sexercise then well, I kind of had like this Revelation the other day and I don't even know if you would call it a revelation, but maybe just more of like a realization the other day when I was leaving the gym is that like I've started to like the it has started to become part of my identity and a way that isn't healthy and then I don't necessarily like what doing like the Damn thing but I like I started to identify with it. Like if I didn't go to the gym, like I wasn't in the right headspace and and and and that's different. It's because if I don't go to the gym in the morning, like I really do have a shitty day. Yeah, but it's like not everything is about Fitness not yeah, everything is about like getting swole getting lean getting cut like it's not all about that and I've just started to put so much into that that I kind of need to like like chill detach a little bit from that detach and just like understand it. Like there's more to this like this whole life thing like there's more to it than than being cut and being and I weigh the heaviest now that I've ever weighed and I don't see good things but like I'm still lifting heavy and I'm like eating more and I'm running and it's like but I don't fucking care to have abs. Yeah more it's like I would rather I'm going to eat Christians birthday cake with him tomorrow. No, and when I was cut and I had abs and I was like super lean and my body fat was at like 12 percent. Like I didn't fucking do shit like that. Like I didn't allow myself to have those treats and and I have such a sweet tooth like it is unreal and I just wasn't happy and I thought I was happy because I look in the mirror and I'd say oh, yeah. Yeah, you look good and I and I would use that as like motivation to keep going, which is great if If you're in a fitness journey to where those are your goals, but I'm not in a bikini competition. I'm not running a marathon right now like and I think that's kind of where I resonate with that unlike that's why I don't I just don't do the gym thing because it's just not me hasn't been me for a long time. I think you ever well like I was and I always hated like running and she like that like don't ask me to run I'm gonna straight-up tell you no, I will not but like the gym as far as like, I really enjoyed powerlifting and school. So I feel like if anything I could get maybe back into that but it's just not you should come live with me. I just it's just not something that I'm interested in right now like feel you because for me and it kind of goes back with like when when I started my journey to lose weight. I had tried so many diets, you know so many diets because like I need I knew I needed to lose weight, but then I would put myself on like restrict myself and then I would binge eat because I would like I'd be cheating then I'd fuck it up and I'm like fuck it. I'll just eat whatever I want and so like everything in my life kind of turned into when I actually started losing weight is it wasn't about putting myself on a diet. That was the thing that changed when I actually lost weight. I didn't put myself on a diet. I started portion control. I started I just cut out. Soda is like I just did better things and it became a lifestyle for you. Yeah, and when you're having a dr. Pepper a day or two, dr. Peppers a day, there's like 65 grams of sugar in that and a day. I hate to be that person. But like if I'm I hate to be that person but like if I'm craving a soda, I like go get a sparkling water because I really truly think it's just like the carbonation that craving the bubblies. I I hate saying that because like I hate when people are like oh my God, you know what I cheated today. And so I ate I ate some nice cream with some blueberries on top and I'm just like yeah, I did entire pint of Ben & Jerry. Yes. Hey, right, that's me, but like really like I just I don't crave sodas. I just crave the carbon. That's that's all that I tell people that are like trying to lose weight. I'm like just cut out like if you're drinking sodas, like my mom always told me don't drink. Calories yeah, just don't and so when I like want to cheat that's what I tell Ruston like when we'll talk about like I'll have cheat days where I'm like and it's not even cheat days. It's just like I have days where I eat like shit, but when I do, I never ever like I won't drink sweet tea or like the only sweet drinks I ever drink is what I'm drinking alcohol, right, but I'm just usually just don't but like for me where I was going with that is like it turned into intuitive eating so it's not Like a diet, you know, I just kind of eat intuitively like if I I don't restrict myself if I want a cookie, I'm gonna have a cookie. I'm just going to have 20 cookies. Right and I feel like that's kind of how I am with like exercise. Like I feel like I'm just more in tune with like who I am and my body where I can like look in the mirror and be like, all right, bitch. You been not good for so likely not good. Let's get back on track and like lets, you know, I'm not going to put myself in our diet, but like let me let's eat a little bit better and This is me having a conversation with myself in the mirror, you know I did but if I'm like, you know looking a little fluffy and I'm like, okay. Yeah, so I haven't done you know, yoga and two weeks and it's starting to show so maybe I should get back on track with that, but I try not to like force myself because once I start forcing myself to do it like it it's not fun anymore and then like you're saying with the gym like once you start forcing yourself it becomes about it becomes something else and Instead of self-care it becomes like I'm going to go to the gym and I'm going to get ripped in like then you're in this like Jim Crow which you know people are into but I don't know but I couldn't self-care that's not really like it kind of became an obsession to where it was no longer like me caring for my son. Right? It was me. It was like a sport almost. Absolutely. Yeah, and it just was something that I didn't want it to be anymore and it's not that does at that is not saying at all that you shouldn't have habits and it's like, of course there's days that I don't want to go to the gym, but like I still Up there four to five days a week, but I'm not up there six days a week and you know an active rest day where I do list and it's just like no, it's just like if you know what today I want to go hiking instead of going to the gym. It's like, oh I didn't go to the gym this morning, but hey, I walk got to the park with my grandkids and it's a mile away, you know, but I just it just was I just don't want to do it anymore. Like I just want to get in there and I want to get out and I don't want to identify. Defy it with it anymore, which also kind of sucks because I think my gym buddy Stephanie is she might be moving because I think they're in the market for a house which summer refer her to charity is dancer. I know I told her I was like, you know actually a realtor and she's like we already signed with someone. Well, I'm super glad that you're promoting me anyway spell it, but she might move and she might not move. But if she moves gems my boyfriend wants to go back to The object that we used to go to which is where like this love for Fitness like blossomed because it was honestly such a cool gem like I don't know like did you follow me on Instagram? Yeah don't like my fitness videos and stuff like that. I love that Jim but it's just like that's where I started to like identify with it. Like I was just going there to like hang out and shit, and I just I don't want to be that person anymore and I just want to like understand that like I can love myself without Having to having that a part of your identity. Yeah, and so I think that like self-reflection has been a huge factor for me later. So I just think it's really important to like mentally check in on myself and ask myself. Like how does this make me feel like do I enjoy this? Because like I refuse to do something that doesn't make me happy like it's just I'm not going to do it and like I know I have a lot of like, I know I complain about my job a lot because like it gets really really really stressful but those are just like High Tense moments of stress and it's like your if it truly was it a point to where it didn't make me happy and I didn't love those kids as much as I do then of course, I would like look for another job or whatever. But another thing that's also helped me is like I've learned to say no like no work. No to plans just like allowing myself to say no all over and it's just made so much of a difference. So on that like that's a big part of mine too is like when I started to kind of appreciate myself I started to see my worth and I think that that is just huge like first I started getting this like sense of self-awareness and I have a definition I'm you know, and I don't know if you have noticed I like definitions. So the definition here of self-awareness is as follows. It is a conscious knowledge of one's own character feeling motives and desires. So when I started really discovering like what what the definition of self-awareness And I started to make these changes in my life that were you know, obviously making me healthier they were changing, you know, not only my body but my mind during that time I started having this sense of awareness and I started like capitalizing on that. And so I was like well, like who who am I you know, and so for me a lot of myself care went into like discovering what I enjoyed, you know as an individual not you know with like I was so also and just so young to and I'm still young but you know at that age I was like 21 or 20 20 21 and so I was like four years ago, but like my whole life was Rustin in our life together and it was work and like life and so I To taking care of my body more and I started being more intentional with that and so it brought on this self-awareness. And so then I started to do other things for myself. I started to write things that I hadn't done since I was a teenager when I had my own room at my house and for me, I kind of had to find my own I'd my own individual identity again because I've been in a relationship and everything was that that I just kind of forgot to take care of myself. With and so I started to read more into right and like journal and take time to get to know who I was I started to play guitar and see, you know, try to figure out what are my interests now. What do I like what do I dislike? And that was a big part for me was to just like understand myself and I had to get to know me which took a lot of like self-reflection, which I just you know realized as I started doing. In that that I hadn't been doing it before and I think self-reflection was a huge thing for me. Like I think it's a huge thing when people start to learn how to self reflect it changes your life like because I was able to self-reflect and I took the time to just like spend time with myself just myself and get to know who I was and I was able to to like you said like say no to things like things that were not making me happy. I was like I was reflecting on them and I He's like I don't want to do this. Like I don't I don't want to and so I think that's where it started to build my worth and where I was able to look at myself and be like, oh, you're a worthy person like your because I was working on myself and so it is so much more than you know, taking bubble baths and putting on faiths face mask and although that was a big part of it because during that journey I started realizing I need to take time for myself. So whether I was doing Liquor fee and in my bed listening to music or I went and took a bubble bath and just put on some music that I was into your put a face mask on like I just started to spend time with myself and appreciate who I was like as a person and that just brought me like, I mean, that's that alone. Once you start learning how to self-reflect and you start seeing your worth as a person. It grows so much and you learn to like intuitively take care of yourself. Like you you realize yourself reflecting now velvet and you're realizing like you don't want the gym to be a part of your identity. You want it to be a part of like taking care of yourself, right? And so you want to do those things you learn how to do whatever it is that you're doing. Maybe, you know, you're not taking a bath every night. Like when I first started like self-care I was like, I'm not going to take a bath. You know what you can you can but like I would take a bath every night. I fucking love bass, but then you know, you just kind of have to figure out like, okay. Well if you didn't fit if you didn't get your fix that night with your bubble bath, like there's other ways. There's other you know, Avenues to get to the self-care like it doesn't have to be just taking a bath. It doesn't have to be just the gym. It's just about intuitively taking time to spend, you know with yourself. And intuitively doing whatever that whatever that means for you. What are some examples of ways or did you have something else to add to that to add to add to all right? No, not really. I mean I have another thing here in a minute. But yeah, I was just going to see like what do you what do you personally do to like care for yourself? Because we've been I feel like this episode has been a lot about self-love. Yeah, and how do you how do you self care and then I'll get into my so like for me a lot of my myself care and where it started with which I read. Like one of those things that we're looking at me to goes like a lot a lot of setting boundaries is a lot of self-care and that's kind of like you were saying how to like learn how to say no that's kind of where my started in end continues to like evolved. Like I continuously learn how to put boundaries in place that that protect who I am, you know, instead of exhausting myself and going out with friends every night or just saying yes all the time to like go and do this. Obviously you feel like you need to Right and you know fomo is really like you got the fear of missing out but like you have to reflect and be like wow, that's really exhausting mean I need to take time with myself. So for me time with myself is self-care and that that ranges from so many different things taking a bubble bath practicing my guitar just listening to like nostalgic music and you know, like whatever I write I like to write a lot. So I'll Journal I used to try to do that like put myself on a regimen and be like you've got a journal every day. And then I just fucking hated it from there. So I try not to put myself on any kind of like you got to do this every day because I don't stick with it. Like I just kind of rotate everything. I think that kind of ties into what you were saying earlier about diets and stuff. Yeah, like if you feel like oh my God, like I'm like, I'm on a plant-based diet. I can't eat anything except for this I exactly like. Oh God, I don't even want to do it anymore. It goes It's the end and that's kind of That's where I was saying earlier when I had said like my when I started losing weight, it was I started it and what stuck with it was like an intuitive lifestyle of like eating like intuitive eating and that just kind of melt like melted into like an intuitive lifestyle just like paying attention and kind of like feeling where I'm at and being like okay today. I don't want to wake up and play my guitar but wake up and I'll do calligraphy like I love calligraphy. I love hand lettering so good. When I discovered that that was like a big thing for me and a lot of those started like a couple years ago when I started getting into some like witchy stuff because a lot of the witchy stuff is very like self care and so I started like paying attention to that and kind of getting into that and that's really what got me kind of on track with like, okay self-care can be more than one thing. It can be taking care of. Your plants, you know, if that's what you like. That's a self-care thing for you. It makes you happy in that moment to spend time with your plants and take care of them. Well, yeah, it takes care of you. I was going to talk about that like that is one of my forms of self-care is that like just like repotting plants and just like feeling like the dirt in my hands and that kind of goes back to the fact that like, I'm very green witchy like I'm very like I think that like, I think that life manifests in the Earth. And yeah, that's why I have so many that's why I have so many plants is I just feel like my home thrive in my life thriving there around and like when I just like feel my fingers like in the soil and like I'm checking on these guys like hey, do you have enough water? Hey, you're kind of wilty. How you doing over here, you know like that is that's a big form of self care for me that's time where I have to myself to do this quietly and it's just and I think that's it right there, and I've said it so all times and you just set it time to yourself I think that's truly like when you get down to the nitty-gritty of it is like self care is taking time for yourself and not not for yourself to be like I'm going to go to the gym every day and I'm going to do this every day and I got to do it this way it's like no you need to be intentional to take time to just spend with yourself however you do that you know if because I can imagine as your potting your plants your mind is just and of you're going you know you're processing things and that's your time really when you're spending time with yourself to sell for reflect you know I remember when I first started really like spending time with myself my big thing was calligraphy and hand lettering and I would sit there and I would just like put on some chill music and I would do it for hours and I would get lost in and I remember posting shit on Instagram there's a post I'm going to have to find and repost it like to the adulting authentically page but it was a Monumental post I remember like it was when I started just to kind of sketch things here and there and I drew like this outline of it like a side profile of a girl and I wrote all of the bad things that I think about myself like it was either on the inside or the outside and then the opposite like I wrote all the good things on the outside of it yeah however I had done it and I remember I like doing I remember doing it and feeling like cleansed and I was like in my made a post about just like everyone thinks bad shit about them but like you also have to remember that there's all these good things like you are worthy is a person but I didn't have that Revelation until I started intentionally taking time to spend with myself and I sat down and I sketch that out and I just kind of let it flow so like that's it for me like and that's also like a creative outlet but that's a very big self care there's the calligraphy and because when I'm doing calligraphy I don't know if you guys have noticed with all the definitions I have I like words like I really I really like words and so the calligraphy is something special to me because I also just in general like to write and I've never been one that's been able to like draw but I've been able to do the calligraphy and so when I first started I'd write words that just Stood out to me that like carried some sort of weight and that was my time for me to just reflect on those and what they meant to me and all that stuff. So and it seems like to me and correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems like to me that with your picture that you drew you kind of were able to purge all those feelings that yeah felt about yourself and you got them out there into the world and on paper and I think that's important and once they were there you kind of let them you can leave. Yeah. It's like people say it's the same thing that People do with the whole it's a self-care thing. I'm sure like yourself love thing is when they'll write shit down, you know, and then they'll throw it away right or they'll burn it like it's significant and it symbolizes something and it's like you've put that out and you've let it go and I think a lot of it is and one of those things is talking about like / in personally something in self-care is like forgiveness because I think a lot a lot of people in there the way that they view themselves their self-worth a lot of people Harbor like ill feelings towards people they are they're holding grudges and they're not forgiving things. And I think that's a big part of all of this as a journey is kind of doing things like that that where you're putting shit out there that maybe you thought and you've held in for a long time and you just let it go and you got to you got to leave that shit in the past and move forward in evolve. and grow like evolving and growing is just huge it's Monumental in the process to figure out how to self care and how to self love it's a very very continuous like journey and all of its every single day you know and you learn it a little bit better you reflect and you're like okay I could do this a little better with it you know no I definitely I definitely agree I think it's really important to put out like there there No, right and wrong way to do this and then you're never going to get to a point to where you're like. Okay. Yep. I I'm here. It's a you're always going to have bad days. You're always going to have insecurities but being able to be self aware of those things and understand why you're having those thoughts and you know really dive deep into like the reasoning and you are in the like there has to be like a back-end story for why you feel this way and getting to the root of that has been what it has helped me the most and I've just gotten there within the past few months and it's funny when you when you get there you start to see everything and it all starts to make sense. And I think that's the best advice that I could give someone is that like the moment that you start to become aware of yourself and self reflect and try to understand who you are as a person it all starts to make sense. Which can I read something that I wrote the other day Okay, so sorry, I don't mean to yawn. I was having a conversation with my friend, but I was like just reflecting I was reflecting. On just like coming out last week to my parents and how that experience for me. I was high on life. I was high on life. I was just like reflecting and I was like, I am in awe. I'm just in awe of how beautiful my life is and how supportive my family is and and so it led me to like write write this down. I was like journaling just about the experience. I'm sorry guys, I'm scrolling. So like I said the conversation and where it kind of like stem from is just like being in awe of what was happening and I remember like like just thinking to myself like when did this all start happening and I started trying to go back and pinpoint. When was I able to see all this beauty and my life and I wrote this I began to see it all once I started to understand myself and love who I am all of me when I And a practice self-love knowing my worth but correcting myself and holding myself accountable then suddenly it was like someone took blinders off of me. I could see all of it all of the good all of the beauty the evolution of how I came to be me. I could see forwards and backwards in every direction and I could start to recognize what and who all contributed to me and what it brought to my little world. So that was like what I wrote down but you know, it's just I think it in caps encapsulate the This really well, is that like it all just starts when you finally see your worth as a person and you're aware of yourself and you you know, you start fixing these parts of yourself that you notice. Mmm can and can be improved and when that starts happening life and like the good of Life the value of life you start to appreciate it all and you appreciate yourself you grow because you have to and you keep evolving and learning and all of that and all of that as a revelation and reflecting that's really what birth my Mantra that I spoke about in my in the first episode here is to love shamelessly learn constantly and live authentically and you know, those are those are really all the tips that I've got because that's what's led me in a synopsis What's led me to here and to this place where I'm able to look around me and just look in the mirror and say you're beautiful not just Physically, but you have a beautiful mind and you're putting beautiful things in the world. Even if your shit person sometimes and you have areas that you need to fix your aware of it and you're working on it and I can look around and see all of the beauty that the people bring to me and in my life and it's just it's a great thing and I think to kind of piggyback off that little bit is once you find the people that you really really want and you feel like you In your life that makes the world of a difference because it doesn't go to say that like I had shitty friends in the past. Like I think that all of my relationships and friendships have happened for a specific reason and you know, I needed that in that specific time in my life. Yeah, but as we were talking about in my kitchen earlier, it's like I don't have a lot of friends. Yeah, like I really don't and I don't care to like I have like four or five really Lee good friends or court has better than I say it every time I think that but I feel like people don't understand the importance in that terminology like it's easy to say, oh four quarters is better than a hundred pennies but to like to really truly understand that into know like these are my people this is the vibe that I want and what I was telling you the other day. It's like when we got all like sentimental when we were like sitting on my couch. I was like I just that I had more people like you in my life like you as a person like you just I feel like I've grown just like in the past year of like knowing you and vice versa thanks but it just like it puts you in just this mind state that like you don't have to be who you're not like you can do whatever you want because you know that these people that are here luck there and then they're there for you they're there for you they support it becomes your support system with with the hundred pennies analogy you know your saturated your saturated with all these people that bring little value to you instead of having just a handful of people that bring so much so much they contribute so much and it's it's really great it people the people around you and it's we've been taught it for forever like your Vibe attracts your tribe yeah but like even that like who you surround yourself with is a reflection of you and that's true and I've been taught in business and in life is like one, you know, I've always been told if you're the smartest person in the room find a new fucking room like you want to surround yourself with people that want to build you up that are better than you or you know on the same path as you and they want the same things and they want to grow and they want to be better and they want not only to be the best version of themselves, but they want you you to be the best version of yourself and they help you and figuring out what that means for you. I love that. Yeah important. I think that that's a perfect way to close everything unless you have anything else that you want to add on. Here's that picture. I want to see the picture and we'll have to like I remember you post that. Yeah, we'll have to share that picture if that's okay. Well share it to the adulting authentically page when this episode comes out but I think that I don't think there's much else to say I think that we wrapped it up hopefully we gave you guys some tidbits on you know like there's no I think we've said it there's no right or wrong way to do this I think that the what you can you know gather from this episode is to reflect and spend time with yourself and learn who you are and things start to kind of come together when you do that and I'll come naturally they do and Vibe attracts your tribe once you start doing that in your right with yourself the right people come along and they Place themselves the universe Place himself in the University Place themselves the universe place them in your life at the perfect time and in all goes from there so yeah I think that's good I think that we love being close out this episode you want to plug some socials yes so you can follow me on Instagram at velvet Renee three teas to he's V LV e t t TR e in E you can also find us on Instagram at adulting authentically podcast yes and on Facebook at adulting authentically and you guys can send us emails to adulting authentically at gmail.com Yes actually you can find me on Instagram at Ashley Fraser FR azi ER the number one yeah that's it we will catch you guys next next week I guess this time next week when this comes out we're actually pre-recording year ahead we're ahead right now and this this time next week when this comes out I will be in Vegas so maybe the episode after that or the episode after that we'll have a recap on what happens in Vegas because I'm sure what happens in Vegas once all right you guys be good