This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm. It just one quick thing before we get started all who are in the Facebook group. Please fill out the survey. They master plan to MDB survey so that I better understand what's holding you up. What's the stuff? We should cover how we should develop this go fill it out because most of you haven't and that is not very good behavior bad bad bad. Go fill out the survey now. So fear is a little pre topic today because I am scared today. And because I have set myself goals. I want to sell the company. I want to fund another part of the company was external investors. I want to do I want to produce a an amazing course. There will be a breakthrough for all of you. and I'm scared. I feel this fear that I'm not quite my mind tells me you don't know how to do this. You don't you don't see the past yet? And have that fear creeps up ahead and I feel like let's do something. I already know what I'm doing. Let's do something. Let's procrastinate little bit or let's let's let's do another plan my life experience though is I had this feeling before and that I would actually give in to fear and I would actually my mind would say let's find something. Where you're not scared? And this has been the biggest mistake in my life. My biggest failures have come from the moments when I picked challenges that where I sort of saw how it could be done. But then there was no payoff. Yes I could do it but there was no payoff. It was it was one example is in my time at McKinsey. I know you have to do this knowledge work and I pick the topic where I said, oh, I'm going to compile the state of the art of the knowledge, which was like, okay. This is a lot of work, but I know how to do it, but that in the end nobody care because Was just a state-of-the-art thing was nothing new. And I did not bear to say I'll pick up a new topic. So that was that was a failure. It was it was a meaningless investment of my time because I did something but I wasn't but I didn't feel that slight something slightly scared and I did it again later on when I made a choice on what to do next. I pick the challenge where I thought I can handle this. I know how to handle this. It's this is easy for me. And I bought a company that was very small and I thought I can handle this and yes, I could have lit but then it's it was too small the payoff wasn't there. So what I've learned is fear is good. If I if I started out with something and I set myself a goal and I get scared because I'm I feel like I don't know how I'm gonna do this. That is just the right. This time is just right. So when you when you when you set out. To get the job of your dreams, then don't listen to this podcast hoping that one day. You'll you'll have so much knowledge that you will ascertain my sons coming in playing games that give me one second. When you when you listen to this podcast and you're acquiring information about the process and you learning how to do case interviews. Don't do it with the goal that you say I want to know so much that I'm not scared of this anymore. That's screw that it's screw that goal. Have find a new definition for that fear and say fear is just the gauge for me. If I'm on two big enough goals big enough challenges. If this is something I'm not scared of it's probably too easy. And this is fear. That's just good and then learn to Stay centered in the face of fear. It's it's not courage if you're not scared and actually go through it and feel like I don't know how I'm going to do this, but still I'm gonna do it. Same goes with the interview if you go in don't look for a preparation, which I'm not scared anymore because fear also releases energy. It's okay. It's good. It's it's I'm scared today of because these tasks at hand. I want to sell a company and but all indications tell me that aids hard be I won't find anybody. See you. Never get the price. I would Envision the I'm not prepared for this E aí I haven't done enough work in the last year's to make it sellable F. I'm not putting in enough time G. I probably will not make it this good well enough. Hey, you know, what sounds a lot like the thoughts you guys are having if you think about applying to McKinsey or Consulting and going into the case interviews this but it's pointless these that's just limiting beliefs. So that switch switch them off. Except the fear as something good. That's just gauge of if the challenge is big enough. And then go for it. So and we're going to go for it today with we continuing our journey to learn scripts and to learn exactly what is expected from you. From an acting perspective, you know, you want to get the script together. So when you get onto stage you have the right script and let's just go through the five steps that we discussed and pick up the first one today. The first one is problem. identification so the interviewer asks you a question and he says well, I've got this client here and we've analyzed this company and we think you should grow but he doesn't want to because it doesn't want the price war was a growth strategy and that's why he said thank you for the analysis. But no and now you are asked to challenge his opinion. So what is expected from you at that point? The script you're supposed to play is the I am meeting a client for the first time and need to get my hands around this first. So what are the questions? You should ask you should first of all, you should say stuff like very interesting problem. And then you can also take The High Ground in the conversation and actually start to build a frame so that you are in charge of the conversation. Don't look like a sheep that have that is being interrogated. But actually you are on eye level you can actually say oh very interesting problem. Is that an actual case from your practice or is this a made-up case for the case interview? Actually gets the other one into the position of justifying themselves. And so this is a real nice way of engaging with the interviewer. and next part of the script is to say Okay, let me let me fully understand what the problem is. We're trying to solve here. And also what is the kind of recommendation we are looking for in the end? oh my God was doing that you have already sort of created so much ground for yourself so much such a huge safety zone where you can first navigate around and see what the guy actually wants from you which is then typically easy to fulfill those who've listened to my podcast for a little longer by now know that the case interview is easy if you know what the The View And you actually have a good conversation around so did I uh, did I understand the problem correctly that? We believe the clients not right and we have overlooked something and we want to challenge our own findings so far or a challenge challenge the common assumptions actually this case it was that the client thinks they have thirty percent market share. And the task at hand was to challenge whether they've really 30% or if they only have three percent or 1 percent market share by doing a guesstimate, but you actually say this is this the problem we want to solve here and you first agree with the interviewer on what you're going to do. This is all about risk mitigation. The case interview is about risk. Mitigation don't run down the certain path and then fall into the Trap of being right or wrong. There is no right or wrong. You want to show good process and then a great question is to ask. So what sort of read. What's the recommendation we want to come up with in the end? Yeah. This also shows yourself as somebody who establishes his own. Who's able to establish his own framework of thinking? What is the problem we're going to solve was the problem here? What is the kind of recommendation? We look for in the end. And then you pose a few probing questions. and a few questions of understanding is this do you can also say do we have any hypothesis on? What could be the case? You can. And this one is very important and you need to really rephrase the question you really need to at one point repeat what the other person has asked you what was his question. So make sure your mind because that really happens really quickly that your mind actually already thinks. I know something I could say. But it's not the answer to that question and say and very often the questions are short. They just want to have a quick discussion of this first question and then move on to the next question. So it really be aware. Okay. Is this the question you ask is ABC as in our deacons a case the question is could and should they do it could mean Is it feasible should is it beneficial Now that's the kind of thing you want to do in the first part of the of the case solving process don't jump too early to problems structuring. But so that you establish a frame that you fully understood the question that you're the kind of guy who who you don't want to appear to sub servant and or you don't want to feel like somebody in an academic exam. Try to sort of divulge information as fast as possible, but actually somebody who knows how to hold the attention of another person and have a good conversation one last thing about listening skills listening skills. It's a hugely underrated topic the key to being a good listener. It's not thinking while you're listening. You should try that out. It was a huge breakthrough for myself when I started not to think while another person is talking what really quickly happens to us. Is that a client starts talking and we already start to think about this what I'm going to answer to this what I'm going to answer to this or I cannot remember all the facts is telling me now, you know, it's really you have to trust the inaccessible part of your mind that it will Keep all the facts together and really listen to the person I once that person has stopped trust yourself that something good will come out. So really listen when the other person is talking do not think practice this a few times with somebody to actually not think while somebody else is talking. It's something you have to practice. Good, that's it for today. Be amazing and be great because I know you are and there's so much proof so much proof that you're great and amazing coming out in the Facebook group that you should join. Because we having a lot of fun there on the way to the job of your dreams. Because we having a lot of fun there on the way to the job of your dreams.