Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload it now because it took us two weeks to do we're just literally took us two weeks ago. We like recorded throughout the span of two weeks. Like we recorded like one little snippet here and there and then we continue to 12 but never happened. It was my fault. Okay? No, but the funny part of that is that you're like you have to adapt to edit on time to listen and then after I listened to what I told you like, let's just leave it and you just uploaded it like that. So, you know what there was no, The issue wasn't there's there's always like a little thing that I need to like edit out or something or like like for example, I don't know maybe like they'll be like a moment. We're just like not talking for like 10 seconds or whatever. I'll just like edit it. So it's not weird. But what happened was I wasn't home like at all two weeks. It's just crazy. What is it like to be if you really that busy? Yeah. Wow. Yeah, but that's my life. No, but I was honored to be here we're gonna do from now on is just Up early the day of like we can't be editing things out. It just needs to be the way that it is one take Jake. No, I don't like that. What do you mean? We can't be editing things up. Well, unless you say, you know something dumb I say something inappropriate then I'll add it you home. I'm just kidding that never happens. Actually. It happened once okay. It wasn't inappropriate. It just wasn't a nice word. It wasn't a nice organized. I did it out. Okay. I feel like everyone's gonna think that the word I said was so bad. No, it wasn't that bad it just you know, it was questionable. So I yeah, I agree well. Anyways moving on. Oh, I have a confession for you for me, or you have like on campus my own for you. It's gonna be okay, you know a thing about this earlier to tell you on the podcast and I should like nervous to say. Oh no, like I'm nursing it on the podcast because I know that our friends are listening are going to be very disappointed in me. Let me hear it McDonald's today. I want to be honest I forgot let me explain the backstory actually really did forget okay, if you know anything about me, so I don't know anyone that listen cesare knows me knows that I really like McDonald's. I enjoy partaking in a meal from McDonald's particularly the chicken nuggets or the my chicken and the fries but I made like a better not really a bet but like an incentive right like Sarah said that if I know I said it. I can get fit or toned. What was it toned? No, I think I'm the one that said it. Yeah, sure whatever okay with that if I can get toned by my birthday Sarah would like buy me something specifically I was gonna buy her McDonald sweatpants, but they're not available anymore. So now I'm just going to get her regular Nike sweatpants, right? That's what yeah. So, um, I was like, okay then that means I have to quit McDonald's. I have to quit drinking Coke, which I did for all of two days. I'm just kidding. I actually I've been okay with it. Look you're doing good. But I didn't you McDonald's for two weeks and a half. That's crazy. Unheard-of. Like I have my gun was at least once a week. I give you a tit today, then here's the reason why that happened and I had to justify to my head because I felt really bad. There's been so many opportunities that I've been presented with to eat McDonald's. For example, I think right now they have the to 4/3 which is you can get six piece chicken nuggets and a McChicken for $3 like all jokes aside. Hold on all jokes aside like be Siri for real with me right now. That's a great deal six chicken and a McChicken for $3 insane anyways, so I made it through that. I didn't I didn't fall. But today I was at work and I only had like a little bit of time to eat and I had to get something that I could eat in my car because I didn't feel like eating like at work and I didn't feel like eating inside the restaurant was like something like that I can eat in my car and I was like, you know, what if I'm gonna eat McDonald's I'm just not to eat them. Much of it. So I just got fries. Did you feel bad like Anna or no? Not really because I just got fries. I didn't get a meal which is like the worst things that eat there. But yes, but if you count it / calories, it's not that bad. Okay, that's fine. I really did forget. Not not that I forgot about like getting you the the sweatpants. I forgot that you couldn T make Donald's I got all well. It's not that I can't on that's really something you're doing. Yeah, it's not that I can't even Donald's honestly one's been running right? So that's really good. Yeah, I was supposed to run today. Before you move lll run after why do you say we? Oh sure. No, actually I did plans work out today. Well, there you go. Does he have his shoes? Oh, you're running these bands. I almost gave you many ways. I did two weeks and a half which is pretty good and I still don't think that I lost completely. Oh not that I thought that was part of it because I only had fries I didn't have a full meal. So I think I'm still on track. Yeah good for you and proud of you. Thanks kind of how do you feel about your birthday coming? I'm going to be 22. You gonna be playing the Taylor Swift song. No, I played that on my birthday. That's sad why I don't know that's not something that all just says, I'm feeling 22 not the set sad song is that it's not as your the fact that you like thought like on your birthday like I'm turning 20. First of all, that was that song out when you were doing to was Taylor Swift even famous when you've been doing since really funny. Yeah, it wasn't that long ago. We were playing like the Beatles or like That song was our probably just came out honestly. Can you look up hold? That song is I'm really curious. All right, let me look it up all you while I do something talk to them. Oh, here's something I want to talk about. So here's a fun fact about Sarah nice friendship. I feel like I've been talking the whole time. So once I say this the topic you can run when I don't want to see you. Sarah and I have been friends for like two years about we're good friends for about a little over a year like a year and a half and we have never we've had one sleepover one sleepover ago. And then we had another one with this weekend. Yeah on Saturday. Other than that and so yeah about describe our sleepovers. Okay. Oh sleepovers meaning to just two sleepovers idea. So as we're falling asleep because the reason that we slept over is because Sarah was house-sitting or dog-sitting for her sister and she's by herself and she had the bright idea to have our friends over and have one of them tell scary stories on my eyeshadow on my own tell scary stories and um, she had to sleep there by herself. Like Sarah, I'm gonna go get my stuff and I'm going to come back and see what you another side know. I'm like afraid of everything like it doesn't take much to scare me. Like I will come into the room and like I'll jump like, oh she got scared because I knocked on the door when I got there. I knocked on the door, like really really normal human being we should have that as like a pole when you get to somebody's house. Do you knock on the door or do you send them a text? I think it's normal for you to be like, hey, like I'm here. The thing is II don't even know if you're on your way out like you didn't even say anything. I'll I did I did say I said, we're leaving in five minutes, which meant that I was leaving in five minutes, so I I think when the person is there, but by themselves, I just knock on the door of the person if like they're at their house with they're like family and stuff then I'll text because I don't want someone else open the door. No, but I get scared like either way. Anyway, she's even like When someone knocks all the time, like even when I'm at my house I get super scared. That's crazy. Well, yeah, I mean I wouldn't get scared also, it was in the middle of the day. Like it wasn't like it was a nighttime. Yeah, I know I was doing today. I'm telling you I get I get scared so easily do these Jehovah's Witness knocked on the door and I was like about to take a shower and then I just went over there and they heard her like talking and everything and she just didn't answer the door and they left all the Jehovah Witnesses. My mom loves talking to them. It's nice just owns a comeback one time. They actually did. Oh, yeah. Never liked. Mom. Your friends are here. It's really nice. What was so funny the other night. We were wait. Let me let me I'm getting distracted what you we still have. No proof finish that and then now it's going to say that we're eating dinner my whole family and my brother was telling me something I was like, I was like no no way for real and I was like kiwi. He's like yeah cueing I was like who's kiwi we were cracking who not what I know. She said who um anyways back to sleep over thing. As we were like we slept in the same bed, which is crazy. Yeah, the hope you didn't explain this. The first time I stepped over is when Allah was dog sitting and I slept downstairs in the bedroom and outs of the upstairs in a separate bedroom, but like it wasn't even like weird. It wasn't even like hey, like do you mind sleeping on here? It was like automatically using an automatic again. Like I'm gonna sleep down here and just wasn't even not just you just like one silly. Oh, here's where you'll be sleeping and then it was it was really good. I feel like with anyone else. Maybe they would have been like, um, like you're not gonna like come up here or something. I don't know it was going to be like with everyone anyone else would've been like, oh that's like maybe bring the mattress up or like something like that. He'll bring them back for brothers that I'm like no you sleep in there. I'll see you upstairs. I have to admit that's one thing. I love about our friendship is like we have like an even like a mutual understanding that like, I want to sleep below and like I don't want like, I don't know like I don't like I told Alan I don't like to sleep with other people. It's really hard for me too. And just yeah, I I really don't do that. But I was so scared that I told that was just gets leaving the same know and what's crazy. Is that while we were there when I was about to leave to like go get my stuff. I'm like, oh I'm going to sleep on the couch. Like just automatically just assume that I'm gonna sleep on the couch because I know like we like or say I like sleeping on particularly Sarah. She likes to she's like to share a bed what you you told me that you like to sleep alone. So no I do but um, you have a hard time falling asleep. I don't I don't know. For not to know you have a hard time sleeping with someone else is in the bed. I think I just get scared. I'm gonna like move around and like, I don't know. I just I love sleeping alone. That's so funny that she says she has a hard time sleeping when she's by her when she's with someone else because she felt see real quick what I was thinking five minutes of sleep before me. No remember I was super scared. I'm surprised I thought you were like sleeping. I was like looking around thinking a demon was going to call in the wall. Wait, baby. No, I think I fell asleep because I heard you all really and then I heard like plastic in the middle of the night. I'm like, that's her new didn't ya did that I didn't know you were faster. So there's a really heavy sleeper. I was sorry. I didn't hear it. I heard like her Tony. I heard like plastic like crumbling. So then I wake up mind you we had just like her scary stories were like scared and so tell me you were scared and then I look up and I were glasses so particularly. And I can't I can't see if I don't have my glasses. So I'm like trying to look around. It's like pitch black and then I see Sarah silhouette right next to me and I'm like, oh my God who's in your company plastic. So that was about to say like Sarah is that you because I was before I saw your son right next to me and I think know if I say that and she's next to me she's gonna be freaked out. So I didn't say anything and I'm about to say is he probably wouldn't have heard you that's so much a Bobby's the brain. My mom gets so mad. She likes are like, why don't you get up like your dogs crying like I'm like, Mom. I don't hear him. Like I'm sleeping. Like I'm generally knocked out. I think I don't want medium sleep early. Like I don't know if it's if it's in the morning like I don't know wait, let me restart this because it's on time anytime. Okay, um, Do you have anything else? I feel like I did and I forgot. Well, I have an MI the villain story. It's like a real one for my friends. Yes from our friend not from the website. Okay. So, um really it was from either. Okay, he sent it to me today and I haven't read it. Okay. There we go. Hopefully makes sense because I'm reading it for the first time. So back in the day in my second-grade class. There was this kid named Joshua Stevens who had special needs. I think you should leave maybe I'm gonna laugh at this is just witnessed, or maybe it was just weird. I'm not a hundred percent sure, but there was something wrong with him one way or another and a bunch of kids. I'm not laughing. Okay old man seems like we're laughing at the kid. No. No, I'm not be at the way. He's freezing this. Where are we sitting in the dark? It's not dark. It's dark guys dirt. It's there's no lights in here. I'm gonna take a picture Tony. We just sitting here. Obviously, there's a window but like it's kind of dark. I'm thinking and I'm really hot. No, I took a picture right now. They have the crew. It's look at this. I think I have the Quran. No virus eyelid the lighting on 13. Okay, get the Ramones behind you right there. Yep, there you go down the fan and the like if you wish. Present I am pressing it with all know you've missed the off button like okay, let me continue. Oh my God, it's bright. So I'm not 100% sure but there was something wrong with him one way or another and a bunch of kids in class not including me will make fun of him or bully him or whatever side note dude War Jesus. Almost every day. Okay, what does this have to do with this? I know it was gonna come into play. So one day our teacher steps out for whatever reason and I don't know how it happened. But the main kids who would make fun of him got hold of one of his shoes on and started passing it around the class to throw it into the toilet in the in-class bathroom somewhere within the passing of the shoe. I was handed the shoe and I proceeded to pass it on to the next person and when it ended up in the toilet I got up to see and I think I laughed. Oh my The Villages him in second grade. So he put a little asterisk. So he was handed the shoe. I could have stopped it and given it back to I give him back the shoe, but I don't know why and then the second a streak was ended up in the toilet and the toilet want the toilet water was clean. So this is tough. Okay, you're in second grade. So I don't I don't think you're the villain because you don't I don't think it you're able to like really process things like that that were that age. Yeah, I mean I mean I was I said I said up to I didn't really matter. So I was a bully no that makes no but I did I actually did do many things. This is one time this kid. Um He was like I was sitting at lunch with my friend and he was like asking how he kept asking me for like my chips asked me for my chips. And then I was getting like really annoying. So he got up to go to the bathroom and me and my friend licked every single one and then like gave give it to him when he came back. I feel my God, what's wrong? I don't know. I was a bully I guess. I feel bad. Whoever that is. I honestly don't remember his name at all to I don't remember who my first one was in second grade novels in first, I think. But anyway, so obviously I don't do that now come on a doll and have I mean when I was in second grade, there was this kid his name was Cyril like it was almost like cereal okay a little bit and he was super white and had an afro, like like a big black afro, uh-huh and everyone used to make fun of him with all the time. He looks a little funny honestly feel bad for him. And one time this girl was like making fun of him. I forgot exactly what she was saying, but she wasn't making fun of him. I was like, hey leave him alone. Your dad's fat. I got sent to the principal's office. She was crying. Yeah, and the principles like hey like your daughter liked up my mom worked there at that time and she's like, yeah like Sarah like called toria's Dad fat all this stuff and my moms like that doesn't sound like her though. And then I told her like I was defending cereal that's so funny. So I don't think I actually got in trouble your dad's fat but her dad in the past few years ago, and I thought about the situation where it's like Grade and I feel bad. Oh, yeah, I mean obviously like when we get older like we was the second grade when we were in like high school like we were friends. Yeah. Oh, yeah, you went and did question. Yeah saw it. We all knew each other like we all want their since we're young. Okay, but I'm sure she didn't remember the fact that I called her dad fat and second grade when you should remind her but anyways, I just want to say that in that moment you what I did was right. Well the dad what I was defending cereal. Okay. Well, okay evenor know II guess. Tanner situation, like if everyone's doing it in like they're passing him like the shoe. He's just probably gonna obviously the right thing would have been to, you know, take the shooting of back to the kid, but you I mean, you're not really thinking about that at that age. Yeah, he's felt like okay, let me just and he laughed he shouldn't have laughed but I don't think you're laughing part. You're in second grade. I don't think you're the villain. I used to do things like start it whoever started. That is a villain. Yeah, so sad, what did that kids in jail? Well, there you go. Oh people were getting like not upset but they're saying like last time that we didn't really say who like we didn't give a clear answer when we're talking about Johan and Jessica and oh doesn't that we did I thought we did too. But so just clear know you you're not the villain had you have been maybe like 10 years older. Yes, you would have been about not even 10 whatever. However, however are you on Instagram? Answer a few texts right now. I mean you should you're horrible at responding to take I'm actually gonna texting in a bag right now. She just asked me what I was you could text her back but I was going to say is that I looked up the song and it came out in 2013. Oh and to think thousand thirteen. Oh wait I was 18 in 2011. You were 18 in 2011. Yeah, when I was a senior, I was 13 in 2011. I wasn't you weren't 22. No because in two thousand twelve hours 19 2013. I was 20 so you were 20 and I was 15. No, you're 21. Hmm because you're six years old on me. Wait, what are you all because in 2011 I was I was always hold on. I think I I graduate in 2011. It's crazy when you graduate do you start cause that same year? Yes. Well you can you don't have to wait Okay. Yeah, I turned 19 that year. So you're right. I was 21 because I'm like older for my grade. Well, um, so would you have I've been I've been talking about on the topic so far. What did I have? Yeah, I've been contributing everything like I always why are you trying to step into this pot? So this friendship? Oh my God. Actually probably happen. Let's see. Well, I don't have any of my own but my brother sent me some great which you do more for this podcast then Sarah ever has okay. Well we could talk about this. Would you ever use a dating app? No, I would not yeah me either delete that one right there. wouldn't I just I don't know not not against anyone that does use them. Well, I feel like some of them. Our only Sokka yeah, so as a Christian woman, I am not I am on all of them. Just kidding. I know I agree. It's just like and I've never like I've never really been a fan of dating apps because of the same reason and I also think I don't know like it should be a natural at least in my mind when I'm living in like a fairytale dream, but I think that it'd be nice to just like meet someone. Like normal a normal way like it's just like meant to be you guys meet each other. But I do know a lot of people who have like met their significant other on a dating app, even my cousin like she met her husband wanting it's crazy and it's I mean the ideas weird to me for sure, but I feel a lot more people are doing that lately because it's harder to meet people nowadays like Yeah. Well my whole mentality with it is well, it's depends on how you define dating and how you see datings because some people Okay with casual dating and they know that like not this is not going to go anywhere but I just like yes, some people are okay with that. Yeah, which I mean I'm just personally okay not okay not okay with it because I date to marry somebody I want to I want to have that Vision that goal and I don't think I'm going to meet that person off of like Tinder you get me because what if it's Christian Mingle do you think I don't think it's wrong Christian Mingle. It's just Very tricky and I just rather not do that. Yeah, I feel like I've heard stories where people go on there and they're not actually Christian. Yeah. Well again not to say that like it's wrong or anything. I don't know everyone maybe it is wrong. I'm not saying anything. I'm not leaving an injection. But what I'm saying is this is not for me. Yeah, I got you. I'm good. Well, thanks for being honest with us. Thank you for allowing me to be honest for our next segment. No, I um, yeah, I don't know it's it's a tricky thing I guess nowadays to meet someone who's a Christian specifically because I obviously can be like guys anywhere but it's so hard to meet a Christian guy who is like your age or around your age, you know what I mean? And who is unlike the same spiritual I guess path that you're on what you can do is you can meet someone who's not Christian and oh flirt. Yeah, I love it. It's yeah, it works really. Well. What you do is you find someone now you seem like you really know what you're talking. Yeah. I've been a few times he fervently for me. They're like, you know. They're into like out like drugs. Yeah, okay, and then if you want you want to be their savior, what you want to do is like I'm totally joking for debugging don't do that. That's bad. I don't know. I don't think you are that was obviously in your mind and in your heart no. No, I'm joking. I'm joking. That was a joke. Not real. I was a bit low, but do you do you want to see do you think it's wrong to to find someone who is and I mean obviously not to like purposely go out and look for someone who's not Christian, but I mean, I've heard like several Like situations where people like are like all your child like this. Yeah, like he wasn't a Christian or she was in a Christian and like like I brought her to church or brought him to church and now I'm like well, okay before we get into that. I just want to clarify that this is all from a Christian mindset. So just if I don't know who listens to this, I'm assuming it's the majority of her friends which who are Christians, but if you listen to this and you're not Christian, obviously your views are going to differ this is from a Christian mindset. So what I think is I don't think it's like I'm wrong, but I Think It's Tricky and it can it can lead to something that is wrong. You can get feeling and then you expect the person to like change and then the person doesn't want to change and how can you expect someone to change whatever you get me in then I don't think it's um I don't think it never happens. There are exceptions, but the exceptions don't to find the rule like that's what they are. They're they're the exceptions. They're not the rule. Yeah, so I'm not going to base like my life on an exception. I'm going to base my life on the rule that I see like happen not like I'm not gonna be like, oh look it have it worked for that person. So I'm going to do it for me. No, I mean, I guess it's not like everything but I hear a lot of people like talk about how like I was he shouldn't really look for someone who Isn't a Christian because because even though like obviously I you can you know, maybe like change like their life around and bring them to God they can also do the opposite. Yeah, I mean your job like no and plus like imagine. Okay. Imagine not being a Christian and then you get in a relationship with someone who is and they're just like, oh I need to convert you and they're focused on like converting like that would make you feel like kind of bad about who you are. Yeah. So it just don't do that to somebody like let them like live their life. Figure it out on their own if they want to gray. But if they don't want to you can't like yeah, I feel like there's always Me. Maybe certain situation will come up where maybe like you've known this person or whatever the case is, but I mean even like me like whoever is a Christian like that's what like mainly attracts me to them. You know, I mean, so even if they're not then they're probably won't even be like much of an attraction there. So I'd say stay there friends show them love and the same way that you would with any of their other friend. It don't try to force anything on them just because I want to be in a relationship with them. Yeah. Wow, that was great and we don't know how much time okay, so I just had this spectacular idea. So I have like this notes. What is it notes thingy in my notes of singing and you know, what, did you watch call that a page in my notes whatever. I'm on my phone of like a bunch of quotes from our friends and I just write them down whenever like a funny quote. Because this I write it down this think she scrolling through this thing right now yellow. It's like a bunch of different stuff. She just writes down that people say funny. Let's see. Oh my gosh. I cannot read some of these clothes. Okay. Well, this is a quick one because this is a little segment we're going to do maybe maybe we'll keep it going. This is from our dear friend Zack. I feel bad because I already called Zach got Once on This podcast and coming back again. I don't know what the context was but he goes what's that religion where they were the little beanies on their head? No way. That's a great quote. I love that Zach. What's your answer to that question 0 Jews when he's calling it a beneath on a beanie. I was going to I was going to say that we didn't mention that we're going to go to Thrift on this one. Oh, yeah. I was actually think thinking about talking about that. Oh and speaking of drifting we me and Sarah filmed a video which if you know throughout life you saw us filming it. We laugh at that for like a solid that's like it's too much. Um, you saw us filming a video which I'm editing right now. It's gonna take me a while. But if you want to see me get embarrassed by the way, Al addressed me go ahead and watch the video when we put it out. Yeah, it's gonna be great with maybe on YouTube. I'll yeah, well put it in an Instagram so you can say can see it so follow us on Instagram when you think it'll come off there's a lot of editing right hopefully by next week, so we put out the car. Test today and then hopefully I'll get the video up. I like yeah, that'd be awesome. But yeah, we're going to Thrift con this Sunday. We're super excited. It's my first time going to yours, too. Yeah. I didn't know existed was like so we'll probably videotape some of that too and it should be fun. So that's it. That's our that's our time here on barely friends forever. We hope you enjoyed it and and we love you and and we just hope that you have a wonderful spectacular beautiful. Awful day. I feel like I really you just been talking to some time me to why don't you do the outro? No, I have to pee. Okay. Well, there you go by