Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s baby had.Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary ugly old goat was on there and Phil was on there and Brady Swenson. Of a citizen Bitcoin fill as of course unchain Capital check it out yesterday. There were two shows. One of them was a caped presentation. I did for an Iowa Bitcoin group. I did it from here in LA, but they were in Iowa when I did for them on Thursday, it's pretty cool watch it. It's linked to below of course and the be on bitcoin show. We were talking about the current events the Panic. Oh my God the people out there. Come on. Mine the Golden Age you guys are just falling into this 80% or mainstream media hype about this. God all right, so I can't even say what I'm talking about. But you all know what's been in the news lately. It's ridiculous. I'm not going to spend on a stuff because of course. This is the one Bitcoin show. Oh, yeah, San Francisco. I'll be at the event at the end of the month. That's linked to below Tel Aviv. Oh, yeah. I'm still going to Tel Aviv. Of course. The having party will be made 21st best having party on Earth that's linked to below and We will talk about the having in a second. Jay doorman says this stem the stimulus is coming possibly as early as today. What do you think Bitcoin does when more insane amounts of free money are created. I've got to say I agree with Jay doorman on this one that the FED may be coordinated with some of the other. Western Nations and rich Asian Nations like Japan will have some coordinated stimulus of some sort lowering rates suddenly. Maybe it won't be coordinated. Maybe it will but I don't think Trump can and it will pump all the markets again including Bitcoin. So be prepared for that. Am IA fan of that kind of stuff of the fed. The FED is going to do with the fence going to do it's not my I don't care anymore. That's why I own Bitcoin. I don't care what the think that's that that when you own Bitcoin you really don't care what the FED does. I'm just pointing it out. For those of you who think also beginning of a horrible recession. Oh the 2020 is going be so terrible for the economy and Ever want to jump back in every when the crack is flowing again when the heroine is Flowing that monetary hair and everyone will be partying it up. Like it's freaking 1999 and it's Prince pound that like button. All right. So Moon capital, what's this? Oh, this is good. Unpopular take Bitcoin is so much bigger than Bitcoin Twitter. We are a small part of the Bitcoin community. And if we all disappeared Bitcoin would be fine pound that like button dude. I agree. You can learn a lot from Bitcoin Twitter, but 80% of it of course of it is gossip and a waste of time and people screaming at each other and complete nonsense even 20% probably is good. I do encourage people to to read the the Twitter feeds of the people I have on the show and and the Twitter feeds of people that I retweet but not to get into the ludicrous arguments. It's now when you do get into this ludicrous arguments and when you start to put these people on pedestals, you forget that there's so many entities in this Ace who's never been on Twitter before have just bought a lot of Bitcoin because it's it's Bitcoin because they want to preserve their wealth because they wanted a they want gold 2.0 limited Supply type of monetary. I mean that it's so it's a good reminder. Sometimes you have to get out of a little bubble and it's a thing with YouTube Bitcoin YouTubers like me if we all disappeared. It wouldn't matter at all. Would it matter at all for Bitcoin Bitcoin is so much bigger Bitcoin is the honey badger. It doesn't matter what the YouTubers do and I'm not a YouTuber. I'm a bit coiner, but you know what? I mean the Twitter people do so if you ever if you ever start to take that don't overreact to social media Okay, there is a benefit to it there. You can learn it does not make Bitcoin. It does not make or bake make-or-break Bitcoin it helps you as an individual become a more efficient manager of your finances if you properly read and listen to the so shut up in shouting mouth matches waited wasting their time and on Twitter or and comment sections just trolling which is not Being in motion at all now all we got questions here. Hey before we move on to this and I can't say that word there Daniel. That's not a very nice thing. You're a bit coiner riot. You're a big koiner. Not a you not a YouTuber for sure. I don't know where I still write it from. Thanks, Daniel. I'm a I'm a big point or not a YouTuber for sure. Okay. Good. All right Bitcoin or Ted says here on Twitter bitcoiners deserve every single Cent their portfolio appreciates. Your Bitcoins being well-preserved is an effort. Still very few are ready to learn. I agree but it will change over time Bitcoin is going to create lesions of cybersecurity experts. Hmm regions of cyber Security Experts. I think it'll make some people more aware of the cybersecurity risk out there when you're dealing with your finances when you're dealing with your private key. I think it's going to send some people to third parties. I think it's going to help some Bitcoin Banks out. I would say the bitcoiners do deserve every single cent of their that their portfolio appreciates if they are properly managing the private key on their treasure on their Ledger or whatever their Hardware device. Okay, but I don't I don't think it's going to wake up everyone to properly controlling their private key. It will wake up some people but you say Legions will become cyber Security Experts. I think it's wishful thinking dude. I think we got a lot of bad stories ahead of us for some individuals that do not take personal responsibility. Seriously now on that note. Hello everyone. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. That's how I make mine. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer like like I do anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money just like I do from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I love the convenience download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Anchor dot f m here's a story about a guy. Who's apparently bidding cryptocurrency for quite some time and owns a lot of be cash and Bitcoin he had $60,000 60,000 bees cash worth around 20 million dollars stolen from his phone. Oh, yes. He wasn't keeping his be cash. He was those cyber security expert was he as the excuse me as the Tweet before Alito alluded to he did become. Um cyber security expert yet. He's been in the space for a very long time. It's linked to below the entire crazy story, but he was either keeping his be cached on a phone or keeping his be cash at blockchain dot info God forbid and it was stolen from him. All we had to do. All he had to do was keep it at a Tresor. I mean if you've got like a million dollars Dude, I can't believe in you have a million dollars worth of be cash or keeping on the phone. Let alone 20 million dollars worth of it. Now some people think well, he he's not a very smart guy because he's got his wealth and be cash. He doesn't understand what bit that Bitcoin is the next Bitcoin and that you got a value your wealth in Bitcoin and not be cash. That's for sure. I think it's really unfortunate that he got his fortune stolen from him because Been an honor phone or keeping it on a blockchain done in for we're not keeping it on a hardware wallet clearly, but that's linked to below that story a few people are talking about it. Some people some be cashiers are worried because the hacker is going to sell it all and maybe that'll crash damn right? I wouldn't worry about that aspect of it. I'm more so would worry about people who keep that much money on a phone. Or on blockchain that info and somehow by losing access to their phone by getting their phone hacked. Maybe he had some password listed there. Maybe he had some private key listed there. It's not exactly clear but he did something really wrong and you can avoid all of that first and you know, that that's probably reason I don't have a phone. I don't even have a phone if I had a phone I would not keep any of cryptocurrency there at all. No. What else is he who keeps his kind of money with only a phone as protection never heard of a hardware while and never heard of a hardware while it's when will people learn how to secure their coins. How many horror stories must we see? Well, we're going to see we're going to hear quite quite a few more here. So guys, don't be the next Horror Story and all right. Remember if you guys got questions I can answer. I see people talk in there. You see just type in Bitcoin Meister do it super cat. And what is next on the agenda here? Oh, well, let's talk about cash real quick. We're talking about Bitcoin which is digital cash digital gold. Whatever you want to call it much better than a bringing that cash in on your in your suitcase. And yes Bitcoin fixes the following problem that this on this unfortunate individual has the FED sees $39,000 from this guy's carry-on bags. He sues the get it back when the feds asked where he got the money. He invoked his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination. The sixth Circuit Court says that means he doesn't have standing to challenge the seizure because he can't show it's his money. So yeah, if you got thirty nine thousand dollars laying around in cash. And it can be easily taken away from you. Okay easily confiscated. You might think you're getting it back, but you're going to get into some bureaucracy there as as this. Tweet shows. It's his money. He doesn't want to say where he got the money. They stole it from him the TSA stole the money from it was in his possession. He doesn't want to say it is his right not to say where he got the money from but now the court said well, if you can't say where he got it from it's not really his money. So they stole his money. Yeah, Bitcoin definitely solves that issue right there because they can't just come at you and take your Bitcoin unless you have your freaking private key ring down there. Yeah, if you're like the guy men. Above it. That's pretty bad. But if you've got it on a Tresor if you've got it on a ledger Hardware wallet, they can't just they don't they can take your your Ledger or your treasure, but they can't they can't get it from you right away. They cannot get it from Uruguay. If you've if you know that thing's been stolen you got your private key. You you've first of all you move it at that point and you're in good shape. Now, I doubt if the government stole suddenly stole your treasure at this point, they would have the proper and of course. If you just even if they stole it and they had the proper specialized device and specialized person that could get into your Treasurer if you had the freaking. The was it the passphrase or whatever not the not the code not your password, but you're special 25th word. Basically you'd be fine for a while at least and again you would know if they stole your treasure and you would have your private key. And of course you would move it to a new you would move the Bitcoin to a new private key at that point. You'll be fine. But anyway going back to the whole darn point of this it and you. So off moberg ask have you seen Daniel Kravitz talk about fake Toshi and Michael Hudson, it's hilarious. Well II I've unfortunately during its people retweet Daniel Kravitz worship of just blind worship of fake Toshi. So I've seen that I don't know who Michael hugs Hudson is but it's it's really like cringe-worthy that the stuff that Daniel tweets out there. I mean, he's not like The most socially skilled guy out there obviously and there's nothing wrong with with that but he does take it to a new level in his weird belief in bsv. But again, it just shows you that anyone can fall into a into a cult. All right, so yes 25th word baby. You gotta love the 25th word now. What do we have here? We see. I see Richie riches in the house too. I got to meet Richie Rich. All right, and people are saying they want to see the Daniel per hour. It's think dude. It is a waste of your fricking time that to listen to a word that dude even says I again I just stumble upon stuff. He says it's noise at this point. It's really embarrassing noise. And so I know some people like to be entertained by people who are not, you know, the the most socially Who can be socially awkward or whatever, but that dudes a waste your time. You're not learning anything from that guy. It's like the stroke so. Literally talked about the Dead the cash Heist by the government. They don't carry cash in your in your bags when you're going on a plane not a good idea and it's just unfortunate. We live in this world where you you should be able to And there's been a few people that have lost their cash that way. So the lovely a TSA agents. Alright, so here's an interesting trolling example from a woman who likes likes to troll a lot. Her name is Angela watch vault. And this probably shows she doesn't really know too much about Bitcoin and that's not the point of me sharing this. I think it again is foreshadowing the next big social attack on bitcoin which will create a fork of Bitcoin. She said if tomorrow I submitted a technically sound pull request that would lift the 21 million cap in Bitcoin. What stops it from being included in the next release of Bitcoin core All right, so that's it's a pretty ridiculous question. And but and she's probably just trying to stir people up or she wants new followers because it generated a lot of retweets and a lot of people yelling at her. Okay great. But look what she specifically trolled with their the theme or how would you raise it by 21 million? How would you raise the 21 million cap? And it's people like her that once that becomes. The more popular little mean among the no coiners or whoever she'll Jump Right In on it and just say yeah, why not? Let's have a big coin with 21 million. And you know what? I will say go ahead make my day create that crypto dividend go for it. It's Bitcoin is the next big coin. You guys are trying to be the next be cash and please by give up your precious Bitcoin to buy this for 82 million proposed Bitcoin whatever you want to call it's not Bitcoin but 42 million proposed altcoin and yeah by what I get for free, but she I'm just I'm just throwing this out there. She's trolling with this theme of the future. Let's say this trolling theme of the future. It's a little for Shatter there for you people. I know I've talked about it quite a bit lately, but this next having period between 2020 and 2024. That's my that's my prediction of the next. Big B cash type of fork off of Bitcoin unfriendly for one that will involve inflation. For the impatient for the people for the complainers. Okay. What do we got here? All right, so I still for some reason one of my email accounts my numerous email accounts. I don't have a phone but I have numerous email accounts. I gotta get a nice shirt on today. You cannot get shirts like this link to below I still get I still get the Doug Casey. I get some free free newsletter thing from him and occasionally, he'll have someone writes. I usually just erase them because usually the titles are just like gold gold. The or Trump destroying economy or end of world about to happen. You know, it's just there's such clickbait nonsense. But I'll occasionally check the ones that I think Mike deal with Bitcoin and sure enough. He's got a he's got a guy who appeals to the 80 percenters writing for him talking about the having so anyone hyping the having okay. I like having hype use the hashtag having hype. I think I forgot to in my in the tweet. I forgot to hashtag it up my bad, but here it is. I'm going to read you. Are you prepared? May 20 2011 is a message from our colleagues over at Palm Beach research group that we found particularly interesting. We urge you to continue reading Casey dispatch reader a big event is happening in the world of cryptocurrencies in May. It happens every four years. You could call it the big coil Olympics. If you like this event is called the having those first two bull runs work. Great, and I believe this will happen again with Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in 2020. That's from teeka tiwari sheath and Analyst at Palm Beach research Group, which of course pumps all sorts of 50 or altcoins again my point in sharing this is that if you think it's hot, if you think it's priced in when this guy is just educate educating his 80% followers about it now. Dead wrong. And yeah, so as I said I predict I predicted in 2016 I predicted in for 2020 as we get closer more and more people whether they be sketching individuals like that or the mainstream media are going to be bringing it to the attention of the 80 percenters. It will be fomo etcetera, etc. Etc. Price will go up. Then price will go down and then by the End by the start of 2021, we'll have our I real. Real movement again. Okay, but no it's not posting yet because people like that haven't heard about it yet. How many people do you think have at least one Bitcoin? There was an a story I did on this a few weeks ago Jeff. And I forgot the exact numbers the person broke it down by entities. How many entities have at least one Bitcoin and now I forgot what it was. It's not that many if you have like 10, you're in such good shape. It's unbelievable, but I don't I don't remember the number now. They have at least one Bitcoin it maybe it was like 200,000 or something like that. It's quite a small number. It's quite a small number of entities. You know, what I'll try to do Jeff is I'll link to the video after the show. I'll find the video and it'll be linked to below and we'll say how many entities have at least one Bitcoin but very good question and I'd like so I'm going with the this The testicles that I talked about in that video that I cannot remember right now that were in that article, I think that guy wrote the article did a good job of figuring out how many entities have one Bitcoin at Penn Bitcoin have a hundred Bitcoin is cetera and because it's some companies that share it there their exchanges that okay. Hello Bitcoin presentation people should understand Bitcoin if you're a Bitcoin ER with an interest in educating Aguilar people about big how Bitcoin works and why it's important. They consider giving this intro presentation in your local community and I link to the tweet that links to the presentation. I also link to hello Bitcoin. And I actually went through the entire presentation. I thought it was very good. There was a little there was a couple high level things in there that some people might not get but in terms of talking about scarcity and why it's valuable and what it is. I thought it was a good thing. It had it had fancy sets and Graphics in it. Well not too fancy. But stuff that people can can get a hold of and be happy about and if you're a if you want to show your Club your church group or whatever. You want to give a little bit coin presentation. There it is these guys at hello bit. When it had made something that you can share with many people so check that out. I thought it was a cool little tool. So in motion that that entity is in motion pound that like fun finally it's happened to me. All right, baby named says You don't wait for insurance premiums to go down the buy life insurance. You don't wait for insurance premiums to go down the buy fire insurance and you shouldn't wait for Bitcoin prices to go down to have some insurance again. Socio economic disruptions. Well, that is a good way of looking at things. Mr. Doar David nage actually said that I hope I said they've an aide said that yes, you can consider Bitcoin insurance against really horrible situations happening in your country. And so you really shouldn't wait to have that insurance against your your country. Perhaps printing your wealth away, etc, etc. Okay, I'm Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister remember to subscribe this channel like this video share this video check out the links below. Pound it bang the belly button and I will say hi to everybody in the chat right now this late night in La see you soon new show every day conviction.