Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network. Oh my God, this is an Allure 91.9 but chinky back. Hey, thank God. It's well done - Albin. Anyway, good morning William. He's happy happy be Ernest. It's another Sunny Bright Beautiful Day. Ooh, but all you need you home a mega mega Manhattan pump a good vibe. So your morning Uncle rest. He last--i got a poor soul. Cummy, I'm gonna heal us know Garbo so far. 7:27, it's February 28th. Manga me an Apple. I got some you know, you want choppy sexy beautiful being a feeling I'm begging at the movements of pictures of TV vanina. Burr sexy gets a personal my rod dilatory and mor Maria filling era. Ela screaming brother Bernie be don't be dumb. Calm wind becoming Swami than buying a bit of a hint look ugly chicks are hot. Again. My name is Rico Suave. I don't Manning meal. Thank God It's Friday little it Nintendo February 28th Bhai and Beyond I paid a pull my own One two grunts. Goodbye Killing Lincoln e ne ne ne petebonnielaleh business Brian ladies and gentlemen, d'Alene little English saddle. But a good morning, good morning. Good morning. Everyone someone on my moment and again Good morning, everyone obviously to win a trending random video upload no more Gabby LSG. I love that. It doesn't think I can tell me brother Bernie solid copper. Will you do you want special it down, but now when you met Kyle has a bit of with the university and I'm gonna be doing a little commercial watching. My lip is our Home Depot on my God. That means some interior. Anyway, good morning. Thank God. It's Friday today my Amelia and Rosetta me good mornings. Good morning, South Alama construction worker excited Knockaround guy beer. Nice. Nice. Okay, Molly potential has a llama replying. Mr. Channing, I know my God, I'm gonna look terrible car guy. You got the ring in it began construction on the aluminum construction worker your butt in it. I used to boost a little pink lip. I gave mine along the upper Gauley Nila. Sure, Tina Kong and Bangkok 90 be thy name. Good morning glass and your brother was watching a parolee brother Han. am I good mornings tomorrow of Amelia Lebanese maronites to Jan pay neglect Indian tea and Parole and HO scale eight now let the London xer I don't know what I was on about the bonobo no copies back to Terrance my you look good morning buds out of my cell phone. We can make a living illegally dumped in a longboard. Skal labissiere bahala. Okay. Donna Brides get more caliban says here the classroom are you know, Callie bangsar classroom, you will never be free maybe something like reunions. I was in your Authority is cleaner than diagrammatically bongs a classroom or a good night. All of them man. Good morning to my student the day Lebanon demonic Aura song and I haircut requirement. Then you will inaudible a current in a package. I don't teach another so nice thick door and knock this thing out of this. Is it PS3 for something? a choice that one pink floyd-- Again, hey, good morning. Level goes a monogram Enoch dilly-dally pero Nagisa Angela Mondeo. all the teachers in Alaska Yeah, I grabbed all about this book is a lot of money available got us booked it I mean yo Billy Maestro Maestro a choice. Anyway, good morning, and I don't think I don't know real is now below. I will be Minato Samantha over on Canon EOS Elan garnering a daily Manna duck pain, but so nervous. Mmm-hmm. but about your summer toilet and telling me Not belong to who you poor man. I love this. I heard it does. You want a Zone and in the game don't work as being something that has five one. How many were hanging out on put it on put it on. Barcelona another freezer refrigerator Emoji bunting Yeah, you got him booty pop. Anyway, 741 sought the Laura's my Gala. Mommy, I'm gonna be integrated Distributors the connection among Architects a United are getting of the Philippine my Me and Bobby McGee together holding onto my Gala Fellowship night and tomorrow not pagodas are grand openings at the warehouse. You get that from me now on alone I morning. And I'm going on my when I was just saying Mike Mike Mike even cosine when I'm getting no not gonna meet you. Salon in rule uncle's are feeding on and I'm gonna button. And it's going to be back to back. So I lost nowhere Bag opening you see Joe romantic. Oh and Rico Suave better bring a bucket Master propitious a barangay, baby belly people get when they're Subway or bus. Lola Standing with their discipline. So yeah, we know. You don't get trying to get them you throw see do you know what don't you or don't you think a monkey boy, don't you give him a little support on Carlos? Hello one. A while longer and I'm not gonna man social and also give me a loan you look I see an example. God, well any work. Well, I do work plan B styling. I know young bar know we from job will not conduct but incendia. Find out like a brother Bernie. I'm going to suggest some veterans and so he planted a composite sample employee handbook us at the warehouse. Yeah, then bring all the best Brazilian safe delivery. See our first baby in a CEO Lee we are reading it and I personally come on up and have been listening. Yes promote Easter peeps cancer candy. Marilia Cambodia my little Sir Richard. Yeah some Mega soft make a song Mega stuf onion boy. We're gonna dog and make up yourself, my dear. Almost worked on Microsoft microphones so far Mega Psalm. I rated SPG strict import new by at Gabbana Magoo Lanka Sri Lanka. Maryna masses silent Emma language chorus on sexual horror or Drogo nahin diem cosom rubato. I am Boondocks a banana traffic on the circus wagon 30 minutes 35 minutes away, Leo Carrillo. Are you? Bong-gun has any partner William not put the thing up in the my late partner and partner William. What's your name? Oh young wife in I see Mom MJ a sinner. I'm a dad Madam - Madam. Give me one of us even a little late Nursery burger patty. Quinton I wanna show you something. Anyway my are learning about everybody everything error equals 1 B and little English 0 Rico Suave a little English, sir. He thought gonna langone know subhanallah. See people. Just call me. My name is Paul. Whatever. I believe boldly gone all good. Emma I know ugly girlfriend it are gonna toast up an island see beeping. Emma hi, let me get more relational five years. I mean magorium very sweet this kind of relationship almost 5 years being a girlfriend. Emma lies at the Nancy B being a money economy by Manya. Maynia. I'm what a thoroughly beeping is very bonding for me Mor beside once I am behind you. I'll give you all the things we'll be sipping on will be always be give you. I lost game one universe and Reina Salon cognac alipin be bigger become a ranger in my life and he is these with him is only pain he is sleeve the light of baby. Will be this give Boo at work at Living because did not be a good out in myself a building. Upon despite Savannah County Board Kunia the Gap under cooling that all the things I work at be being did not Speeders. What do you mean: there's there's be Autumn first locking. There's a locking the life of beeping. This is the starting of love. life Well, you love bananas. What a good I don't do something. I'm gonna look at it evening Gandhi Montana everyday Kimmel about comforter some guy. You've actually done young grocery Anya. So now I'm gonna be killing. Well one of my now, Long Island. We will be a couple of Elegance and gruesome. Aha, huh. I think I saw like a some more Caillou. She probably many more but the banca we will be dealing a funny look. only minato's space So we saw more what about feeling awkward name of book a boot again? No, Marie. He better she my own at the tickle me what's wrong you my laughs he my lady. Just take a bath. What are you thumbs up? I long be wow. Oh my God. So, you know, I'm a cool mom. And they gonna now white has a quote by you people Zippo ball one. Wait, wait, we are the unwinding most people on why don't tell me to go Danny Henry. No Henry then. Yeah Danielle long. We ain't no you gonna mind but a Makita I need any oh my God. We got lately got an almond was so not gonna give Hannah perfect. Boot on tops. You never know. What's it gonna sound situation God. Look how good I realize your car payment. They put down partner. So Brandon said Kubota and with her boyfriend. Funniest guy car and they're all you need to know. Sticky long stop. I promise. Huh that evening. He promised look at good going out. He called your dong gu still an amazing person. So You're so sweet. My name is 0 0 but I see a little girl be oh, no, excuse me up, but they're nauseous. So well pads you could show see globally, but they live in a coma. Make myself a little bit ago some other than me. I love you, babe. And I really love you. Love you. Love you. Love you. Love you are going to get below. Important about neck and soon. I'm so sorry. Probably my name. Goodbye Lana Bill and Eric imported and Carlos they decode Less than any more energy Kuba grab it happened. And I think I'm Gonna Keep a bullock. Okay cappuccino and relation Otto. What joke was gonna be killed. Wow. Wow. Wow, let me see you dance will do more. They said it 1,000 got anymore. Wow. Wow, La Bono bundle Alex Kiko on purpose or not. Franklin's a feeling. It's a feeling Laguna Mordecai Bulacan. Gah, what's in the cup? We know animals together and celebrated by supporting cells. You got a demon, you know. Huh Layla in so they do not belong in jail on find my line. Oh. But concrete and huh? Hey smile. I knew it wait. Wait Buster's like a girl The Bullying mini Pole. And I'll be the good girl go - good work natural. I get this little unimportant a community Danielle. Cirie. Cirie youth serious and blogger. I've never been this happy feels good the button Luca - Community the near future. And the promise Shawna it traveled the country around the world so busy bumpit bowl of cereal. We are proud to email each wedding. But also one more hung you you'll be up you open your bubblegum mommy divine. Mummy Divine weight that batsman to be on their own 3000. We are you. Oh, are you gonna actually truly are you going to 3000? I couldn't become a range of pollock 5,000 pieces more animal than those are cool. so I've got some gonna get Gabba did ya like garlic and I mean gonna go see me or my God can't believe my darling leg Indian folk a political point at least First time no scope of that canine unit gonna go you go. Anika Wow. Boy she beeping but I wanna Duncan who has spoiled me go not. Think about me being like a book a luminous a couple of sugar. Boy, can't breathe. come in your nose I don't know Mama I'm home honey - those little boy boy I accept the apology You know what? Okay. Now let it go Cylon attack one another. got entangled now mr. Holman has no son being human in you know But hooker CV Raman to make Spider-Man 2 / monetary Market or five years long the body politic permanent five years my expired taking weeks pedal babies and civil wedding or you let me know. Okay, I'm the bomb. Oh, let me go five years that ball just a little lumpy. I am was an amazing mother Pauline a not only ugly mob. Yeah. Mr. I'm lonely little bigger beagle and you got to put that guy who stole your brother's I came home I said said Brad coming I will be there in March 8th and of senile again ending and satisfied until this coming me to be there that I got but yeah. English is a little English and the taxi driver. Oh no expiry uncivil and civil wedding five years. Mo I please so T concerning Ladies and gentlemen at the attorney cigar Nina. I'm Cora shortened in a bomb iguana. And I told me James Judy Judy Judy Judy Judy Judy. All right, Allah, God pasta Sokka you and really good shampoo believe and John Lloyd clothes and ianka local like I oh Toki Ki is called your McHale. Like I don't know shy guy got his bargain and I do not shake the coop The Coop and condo is certain an almanac Quran at Olin at least that if only not o'clock turning up but opportunity soy De Lima oh Lon shall I don't care about virus attacked by yeah so Brandon in about my car oh yeah Roshanda Nepal mark one good morning good morning good morning Liebherr good morning I'm Tony camonte member mattock almost a lonely spot burns more capable than I'm gonna burn this the self-belief Want to do your department at to say more? mo mo are of Saco Monika dannemann probably naked at 33 and accumulate 33 years old so what up Ilana daily routine and I looked it up Google's arm is still some Olympic mens Sana in corpore Sano Le A sound mind and a sound body below you know once I know I want to eat humans Something is not see my media buying burning a Divine Light. Yeah mercy, and I believe do I need a lie, Ronnie MO. And even shobana, how does Michael Ballack done a lot? But nothing a big woman people can expire after five years move Musa. well up Burns massing behind manasa Marcy Bill who is Luger or can I or my or or three blue birds peeping Expedition can I join you Mythical myths voluminously, dr. Gero bribery tokaj wine again But I'm on a burning up even if I said something no one book legal medical. Okay, but Anna giggling welcome. forgetfulness illegal myth look Maria Rico Burns yeah cool okay Castle mosa see Bill Malloy expire and my own castle naming a load cell Delia come Valley con tin box necessity who is my your table what like color in and came out also someone lying on among all three by three by three documents Not one like a puck movement and goodbye and good. So D-League app on the mobile Edo as far as our civil laws are concerned. Delete to Shambala Dover Castle through sohcahtoa three bhopali doto don't see Bill lost canal and dissolute kattappa. they pretty much probably I mean legally sold more rice and Young. as in bangka tonico Canada England and eat you are giving up on him oh it's a civil law sleepiness the delivery Upon Our Master Muhammad Ali may have proven but what are the possible now can approve look at some matrimonial tribunal birds are not not incur certain civil us yeah so I really get mad nigga Russia Germany corner my divorce came as soon as I want me gone on Yahoo adult on the banana banana yeah I'm going on well assess ceremonia believe Obama How long would a bunch but yourself? I'm so bloated Burns, but by the onaka amongee go on eating 221 and keeping it up parental consent and parental advice. little advice saying Mama Dee pretty much our local civil resister okay behold the man said three months and Iman one candle license oh yeah so can I learn there's a couple of major or not they don't matter silence means yes of course but I'm gonna say let's means Accord meaning below dokoni so pakka mouriak Liga subpoena Burns no Lord project Priscilla and against Alex a more academic Noto important things of life Jean I sell lumber yard burning Dimension ball look at Bula I really must go Tony is a media after near on the Augustine attorney ours months ago JoJo verdadero RTC 41 Mark be Kayla Susan Amigo after near Florence La Carta C-17 of cherry oak Albers Amin Al Peak attacks and car was OG see nominally I told him that I own and commission is currently using Auto standing idly aloneness and so good so walk us LT LT O'Hara look what those problems came up a book and learn circuit on a soul thank you very much