Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about a month since my last episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I thought that today's episode I would go ahead and talk about pregnancy childbirth and That has looked like for me actually have a very unique story to share about my first pregnancy which ties into this podcast beautifully because it is a prime example of divine intervention. So I'm just going to go ahead and jump right into it starting off with my first pregnancy. So when I got pregnant with my first daughter, I was 24 years old and the year was 2010 we actually got pregnant 2009 but I had her in 2010. So when I was pregnant with my first daughter, I was so excited. I've always wanted to have a daughter that to me was just something that I really really wanted. I wanted a little girl. So when I found out that I was pregnant I was like, oh my God, I hope it's a girl. I hope it's a girl. I just know it's going to be a girl. I am so excited. So when we went for the ultrasound to find out that Under and I found out that we were having a little girl. I was so excited. I had her name picked out. I was between two names. Actually. I was between the named Sophia and the name Olivia. I definitely wanted a name that was easy to pronounce an English and in Spanish because my whole life growing up with my unique name, I struggled I didn't really like it now that I'm older I can appreciate it for its uniqueness, but I didn't really like it because no one knew how to pronounce it. And I always had to correct people and teach them how to spell it. So I was like when I have kids they're going to have names that are going to be pronounced easily in English and in Spanish and they're going to be easily read and they're not going to go through what I went through. But anyway, so had her name picked out found out her gender all that stuff. So I my 18 week ultrasound appointment. I was going in to have regular ultrasounds to check my cervix because once upon a time I had A leap done because I had an abnormal pap smear so during that Pap smear it came back that I had some cells that were I think one step away from turning into cancer. So it's called cervical dysplasia what I had and I think I had that like two years before getting pregnant when I was young. I didn't really know what that meant. I was like, okay sure. This is what I have. Now. I have to go in I have to get this procedure done called the leap where they go in and they remove all of the cells from your cervix that are cancerous or it could possibly turn into cancer and I think they removed a pretty decent piece of my cervix when I had that leap done. So I mentioned that to my doctor when I got pregnant I was like, oh, yeah, by the way, I had this procedure done or know if that can affect the pregnancy or if that means anything but you know, I had this done and he was like, oh well, yeah, actually that can affect the pregnancy it can cause you to have an incompetent cervix, which is a cervix that either dilates on his own on its own short. On its shortens on its own and it can pretty much cause you to be in preterm labor. So if your cervix isn't closed and holding that baby in there the baby can like look pop out and you know, you go into labor prematurely so I was like, oh no so he's like, okay what we're going to do and this was a young doctor like maybe in his forties. I think I don't even know if he had been practicing for a long time, but he was recommended by a family's friend at the time. She had her babies with him and I was like, oh whatever. I didn't have a doctor the time. So I just went with him again 24 years old not really knowing much about life being so disconnected from my body. So out of alignment, but I mean that's besides the point, right? So this doctor was having me go in to check my cervix periodically just to make sure that it wasn't shortening or dilating and that everything was on track. So I go in at 18 weeks for an ultrasound and the lady who does my ultrasound says that my cervix is Shorter this time around than it was the last time around. So the doctor started freaking out. He's like, oh, well, you're going to have to have this procedure done called a cerclage a cerclage is a procedure where you go in and they pretty much so your cervix shut to prevent it from opening prematurely dilating all that stuff. Right? So I was like, okay sure. I guess we're gonna go in and we're going to have this procedure done and everything's going to be fine. And you know, it is what it is. I didn't stress it too much. I didn't question it which I should have at the time. It should have been like maybe I should get a second opinion, but I was like, okay. Well, he's a doctor he knows best. I guess we're going to go in and we're going to do this procedure. So I go into the hospital they put in an epidural so that they can do the surgery I go into surgery. They cerclage me up, you know, they tied my cervix together and boom I was out into the recovery room I go so For the pain they had given me Tylenol with codeine which at the time I didn't know but it makes me throw up it always makes me nauseous and I throw up so they gave me the title No coding and I started feeling nauseous and I had the Sensation that I had to throw up. So I went to the bathroom and I threw up and I was I guess leaking and I thought it was amniotic fluid because with every curl I would just gush right but I didn't know at the time it was just urine. So they did this test to check if it was in fact my at meiotic fluid that had been leaking but here's the kicker in this test that they did. It is very common to get false positives. So they tested to see if I had in fact ruptured my membranes and the test came back positive. So the nurses started telling me look you're 18 weeks you ruptured your membranes, so To break it to you, but we're going to have to abort this baby because there is no way that a baby can survive without water at 18 weeks like you are not that far along the baby is not going to be a viable. So I'm sorry to break it to you but we're going to have to start inducing this labor to get this baby out. And you know, that's it is what it is. So I was like Okay, let me take a minute to process this. I remember my mom was there with me and I was like, okay, so does this mean like that's it like Good-Bye Baby and during this whole time the baby inside of me Sophia kept kicking and kicking and I would tell my mom I feel her kicking and moving around every time a doctor comes in to tell me something. I just feel her moving around and kicking so they took me upstairs. They gave me a On and they put in this medication called cervidil to start dilating my cervix. They put in that same medication three times. My cervix did nothing it wouldn't budge nothing at all. Oh and mind you they'd had also gone in and removed the cerclage that they put in that sick that day like so I went in and then they're like, okay, you know your water broke whatever we're going to have to induce you. We need to get this baby out. So they went back in they took out the stitching. That they had just put in and they started trying to induce my labor. So, you know, my family's there. Everyone's all sad. We're just like, you know, it is what it is. Like we're just going to have to accept it. If the baby doesn't have water, you know, it can't grow and so it was tough but at the end of the day it is what it is. There was something inside of me that just didn't believe it. I was like hmm. I don't know about this like there was just something that wasn't allowing me to process and I really didn't believe that okay this was it I was going to lose the baby like, yeah, so I was given the due date when I got pregnant with Sophia of July 10th. So July 10th, you know is the Cancer zodiac so in comes a nurse and mind you they kept doing ultrasounds on me to to check if the water level was going down and lowering which it wasn't okay super weird, but they still decided that they were going to try to induce this labor. So in comes a nurse. And she is a Spanish nurse and she's wearing a necklace and on that necklace. She has a little crab like the Cancer zodiac crab and I go to her. Wow, you're a cancer. My daughter was supposed to be a cancer. Her birthday was going to be July 10th. And the nurse whose name was Gloria, Gloria. Told me wow, that's interesting because my birthday is July 10th, and I was like no way. Okay guys, let's talk about a message from the universe and synchronicity right now. Hello. Okay sign number one, so she comes in and she goes look she did the Doppler on me and she's like I can tell that the baby is moving around in there and that there's water in there. I don't know why. I this doctor is trying to induce your labor and I was like really you think I mean, I feel her kicking. I I'm not leaking. She's like know if you would have broken your membranes. If you would have ruptured your membranes. You still would have been leaking and I don't know if they told you this but the test that they did to check for your amniotic fluid that can give you a false positive. So they should have redone this and I was like what so in that moment everyone started to gain back. Their hope my mom was hopeful, you know everyone in my family. My grandma was hopeful they were like, what are you serious that you think that maybe there's a possibility that her memories weren't ruptured and she's like, yes totally so she tells me she goes look they don't want me to tell you this but you need to get the F out of this hospital. I'm going to give you the name of a doctor who's a specialist and you need to check yourself out of this hospital and go see him and I was like, okay for sure. Let's it we're doing it. We're Here when my doctor found out that we were trying to check out and leave he got Furious. He had a pairing a total perinatologist common and start telling me how my baby was going to be born with all of these defects and that my baby was never going to survive because there was no water in there and a baby can't possibly grow in the womb without water and all of these super scary things, but I decided that I was going to listen to Gloria and I had faith and I was like, you know what her birthday is July 10th this baby supposed to be born on July 10th. There's something to this. I am just going to go ahead and trust and I put my faith in God and I put my faith in the universe and something inside me just told me, you know, what have faith and believe believe that everything is going to work out trust your instincts because you know, That every time someone comes in here to talk about aborting this baby that baby kicks you and that is a sign that you need to get the F out of this hospital and I was like, you know what we did it we went we went to go see a specialist. I was on bed rest because mind you I had been in the hospital for almost two weeks on bed rest complete bed rest. So when I went to go see The Specialist and they checked my cervix. He's like look your cervix looks perfectly normal. There's this thing called the dynamic cervix, which sometimes it can shorten it can appear shorter or longer on the sonogram. But also depending on which person does your sonogram. They can also give you different measurements. So it can appear that your cervix is shortening, but not really it's just not the person who did the sonogram might have gotten a measurement that was slightly off that blew my mind. The doctor was like you don't have to be on bed rest. You're perfectly fine. There's nothing wrong with you go about your life. And I remember at that time. I was going to church with my mom every Sunday, but you guys know I'm not the most religious person, but I was going to church and I was praying and I really just had faith that everything was going to work out and that was the first time in my life where I felt that I really learned a lesson in letting go and trusting I decided I wasn't going to listen to anything that was put into my mind of my being born with problems are not developing correctly and all of that stuff. I put it out of my mind and I decided to but lines Lee trust trust in God trust in the universe. Let me tell you that my daughter was born on July 10th her due date 2020. So 7 10 10, and of course I gave her the middle name Gloria like the nurse and also Glory adios, you know glory to God. Because I feel like that was a cook. I'm getting Goosebumps right now as I talk about it. That was an angel sent to us a messenger. She was put there for a reason because Sophia was meant to be born. She was meant to be my daughter and she was meant to come into this world. And I think that I was meant to go through that experience so that I can truly learn to trust in the universe. Because when we have Blind Faith and we truly truly trust and let go I do feel that the Universe supports us. So that was just so crazy how it all ended up working out and it's a story that I tell everyone all of the time because I mean, it just doesn't get any more synchronistic than that for her to have been for that. Nurse to have walked in wearing that Cancer zodiac something that I of course would have noticed right off the bat to then ask her about it for then for her to have the exact same birthday. That was my due date that Sophia ended up being born on. I mean come on and for her name to be Gloria like, okay. So yeah, my daughter was born July 10. Like I said 2010 named Sophia Gloria. So then getting pregnant with my son. I think I was a little bit more in tune with my body, but still not to the level that I was when I got pregnant with Mila and with Leila, but we'll get into that in a little bit. So I got pregnant with my son and my son was born on another date with repeating numbers which was Again crazy to me. So Noah was born 31313 March 3rd, 2013 my labor with him. I definitely felt more in tune with my body and I forgot to mention this but my neighbor was Sophia she wasn't engaging at the time. So the doctors came in and they told me Hey, listen, we're going to give you an epidural. I mean if you want it, but we suggest you get an epidural just because the baby isn't engaging in. Birth canal and if she doesn't we might have to give you an emergency C-section and if you don't have the epidural we're going to have to put you under general anesthesia. So you will be asleep for the birth, you know, assuming that that's the case and that's what you need to have done. So I was like, okay sure again mean just listening to the doctors. Okay? Sure, I guess put in the epidural horrible. I personally didn't like the experience of having an epidural I push for about an hour because I couldn't really feel what I was doing and just so painful. But anyway second time around I had decided I was going to try to do this whole labor thing without an epidural because I was like, you know what my mom did it my grandma did it women have been doing this for centuries. I got this. I'm just going to go into it with the mindset of I am going to wait it out. But if the pain gets too intense or I feel like I can't do it. I'm not going to be so rigid. I'm just going to go with the flow and I'll ask for the epidural if it gets to be too much. I'm not going to sit here and try to be like Oh, I'm a beast I can do this. I can you know, I really wanted to try because I wanted to experience that. I wanted my body through go to go through that natural experience. But at the same time I wasn't going into it thinking this is what I'm going to do. Absolutely I was I was kind of like just going with the flow, you know, flex and flow. So when I was giving birth to Noah, I did get to a point where I was like, oh my goodness this shit hurts. But yeah, by the time that I reached that point it was time to push Noah came out beautiful healthy baby boy, and that was that so fast forward. Remember I told you that my first two kids were from a Yes marriage, I was so young. I had Sophia at 24. I had no at 27 so much for me to learn. I mean completely out of alignment and so many different ways and areas of my life, but they were born and then fast forward to three years later. I met my husband 2016. Yeah. I met my husband Eddie and at that point I didn't really know. Or think about having any more kids. I was just living life and going through such a transition and when I met my husband one of the first things that we talked about was do you want to have kids because I mean he knew I had two kids Noah was he had just turned three at the time and he's like, okay. This is a really big deal for me. Like I really want to have kids and he asked me if I would be willing to have kids and I was like, I don't I've never really thought about it, but I'm open to it. And when we went I think it was like a our second date when we went out. We started talking about having kids and if we had a daughter what we would name her and I was like, you know, I've always liked the name because he was like, oh if we have a daughter, I always want I've always thought of naming her after my mom who passed away. Her name was Maribel not even and I was like hmm, you know, I've always liked the name Nia he's I actually know someone with a daughter named Mia and I was like, umm, how about the name Mila and he's like, oh, I really like that Milla Milla Merivale. If we ever had a daughter I was like, yeah, you know, that's such a cool name Mila material. That would be beautiful fast forward to when we got pregnant and I just knew it was going to be a girl my my husband was really hoping for a boy, you know men usually want boys. But anyway, I just knew that That we were meant to have it a little Mila because what are the odds of us going on our second date ever and then her coming up with the name and everything like this little soul. Wanted to be born. She wanted to be named Mila Mighty Med, and I knew she was coming, but let me backtrack a little bit. So When Eddie and I met I was definitely going through this whole spiritual journey and truly learning to live a more purposeful life and a life that was more in alignment and more authentic. I learned to be who I was and stand up for myself and truly live a more authentic life. So during the time that we met I had a friend who was going through some fertility issues and she recommended this book to me. Spirit babies because her doctor had recommended it to her and this book was so incredible. It changed my life so much and I recommend it to so many women who are struggling with infertility or trying to connect more with their bodies and their babies and I started learning so much about the spirit baby realm and the realm that the soul goes to or is in when it wants to Incarnate and this is stuff that I mean, If you're not too familiar with it, it can blow your mind and you may think that it's a little wacky and crazy and whoo, but just bear with me for a moment. So it is the idea that before we incarnate into this life our soul starts to write up a contract. So we all have soul contracts and the contract States who your parents are going to be what lessons are going to learn in this life and everything has to be perfect before your soul. To come into the world and this book talks a lot about it. If you're interested in it Spirit babies. I will leave it in the show notes so that you can look it up. So I started learning so much about the spirit baby realm and I was like, you know what I am going to put it out there into the universe if there is a spirit baby in my energy fields in my aura. I can feel it. I can feel you please. Show me a yell. Yellow butterfly. So ever since then I have Associated the yellow butterfly with my spirit babies the soul of my baby who wanted to come into this world and be mine. So all of a sudden I'm you know, I was reading this book. This was months before I conceived Mila and I started seeing the yellow butterfly everywhere yellow butterfly here yellow butterfly there and I was like, whoa, there is a baby in my field and she wants to Born and I would tell my husband I was like what we're going to we're going to have a baby. I want to have a baby. Let's have a baby. I can sense her. I can feel her and he was all like oh, but are we ready? I don't know if we're ready. You know, should we do this? Should we not do this? And I was like, I don't know but I just feel like this little baby wants to come into the world. She's nudging me and I really just had that sense of feeling the presence of this. Child with me energetically and we ended up conceiving and baby girl was born on 8th 2818. Another repeating number. How crazy is that? And now let me tell you about my birth experience with me love. I was during her entire pregnancy and maybe it's because I read this book and I was so connected. To her spiritually and to myself spiritually that the whole pregnancy was such an experience for me. I felt so intuitive so in tune so close to my body. I really got to know my body before that. I really got to know my Cycles I can tell you exactly when I was ovulating when I was fertile. I mean the level of in synchronous and that's Probably not even a word that I got into with my body was like no other and I feel like it truly made such a difference in my pregnancy in my delivery. Also finally for the first time. I really was with someone who I feel I mean, I think I feel that my husband Eddie and I have been together many many many lifetimes the way that we just gel the way that we pretty much read each other's Mine's the way that it just flows with us. Like we don't argue. It's just it just feels like a state of flow when you're with the right person. The person that you're meant to be with things aren't that difficult? I'm not saying it's not work, you know every relationship or to work but things just flow in a way that you just know you you know that you're in sync. So that was also a big factor in helping with this pregnancy and this childbirth, but I got into a state of mind where I was just allowing my body to do its thing and my labor kid you not I wasn't deuced but it was so quick from the time that I was induced to the time that she was born. It was 3 hours and during the laboring process. I really tuned in to the spirit of my baby and I did kind of like a meditation while I was in Eber where I envision myself helping this Soul come into her body and bringing her earthside. It was definitely something that the books are babies taught me how to do and I really embodied that and envision that and I felt like it was just such a beautiful experience when she was born and I have never felt more connected not to say that when I had my other two children before I didn't feel Bliss and tea and connected to them I did but this was on a different level and I think it was because the level of awareness that I had was just so much deeper than the level of awareness that I had when I was 24 and had Sophia, you know, we're talking about eight years into the future all the lessons that I've learned about myself and everything else was just so great that I was truly able to be present in the moment and more aware and if Like that made me or makes me a better person a better parent because I'm able to just be more present in every moment. And that was such a game changer for me. Another thing my husband threw out my labor was so supportive. I felt like I wasn't in it alone. It was me and him and he helped ground me in a way that I had never felt grounded before it was just such a team. Effort I felt like everyone in the room kind of disappeared and it was just he and I and he was Fanning me and we were you know, like our eyes were locked and it was truly just such a grounding experience. So that was my labor with Mila now fast-forward Mila was about nine months and my husband and I always knew that we wanted another baby. We definitely know. Okay, we don't want to Mila by herself like as a little baby. We want her to have a sibling to grow up with because Sophia Noah were a lot. There are a lot older. So even though they're all growing up together. It's nice to have a sibling that you're with all the time. Plus Sophia Noah go away every other weekend to see their dad and it's just a different Dynamic. So my husband and I definitely knew that we wanted another baby. So we were like, okay when Mila turns one. We're going to start trying again. But one night and I can pinpoint this to the exact day. So when you're breastfeeding I have to share this little bit with you guys when you're breastfeeding for the most part a lot of women don't get their period somila was nine months and I still had not yet had a period ever but I did notice know when Theta okay. So yeah, she was nine months and I had never had a period so then on Mother's Day my husband surprised us with Trip to Marco Island we rented there and it was just a beautiful family trip. I had just gotten my knee brace off because while 2018 was quite a year where I fractured my knee cap, that's just one of the things that happened to me. I fractured my kneecap and that led to this whole other level of Spiritual Awakening for me, but I fractured my kneecap. So I had just removed my brace in may just in time for Mother's Day and my husband planned this trip for us. So Sofia Noah Mila Eddie and I went to Marco Island the minute we got there. Okay, we were there for like a whole week the minute we got there. I hadn't seen a period in nine months all of a sudden. Whoo-hoo. What's up Mother's Day. You know, you are a woman and Brace your femininity bam period I was like really I thought Duda I can enjoy this weekend at the beach, you know period free come on, but anyway got my period the minute I got there which was horrible, but it is what it is. We had a beautiful lovely time for Mother's Day weekend there. We come home I had felt after that period I had felt exactly when my body had ovulated and I know exactly the day that we conceived we conceived on June 5th. Okay, and I told my husband after it happened. I'm like we're going to have a baby. He's like what you're crazy. What are you talking about? I'm like no, trust me. We're going to have a baby like whatever just happens. Like I know for a fact. I think we're going to have a baby. I wrote down on June 11th. I had a dream that I was walking through a room full of pink roses like a beautiful garden full of pink roses and I was like, oh, okay. So this is in fact confirmation. I have a feeling that we conceived that I am pregnant and that it is going to be a little girl. Another thing that happened was I was reading a book by Carolyn mice called sacred contracts dozing off while reading that book all of a sudden in my mind's eye flashed a big flower like a big pink flower with a red outline right in front of me and I was like and then I was dozing off and I woke up and I was like, whoa, that was weird. I just saw a rose in my mind's eye. Okay, I went about my day whatever. On Father's Day weekend, which was I think the weekend of June 16th, we decided to go down to the keys to celebrate Father's Day because my father-in-law has a little house down there in the keys. So we took the boat out and it was beautiful. We have we took the kids out on the boat the day before and while I was on the boat, I remember I was breastfeeding Mila and I was doing a little video on my Instagram story and all of a sudden when I post a video it's four four four. Which is an angel number. So I was like, wow, I was in that moment. I was just feeling so grateful. So blessed, you know for being out on the water. I love being out on the water to being with my husband and the kids and it was just such a beautiful moment and I was soaking in so much joy. So we get back to my husband's my father-in-law's house, you know cleaning the boat whatnot. Whatever all of a sudden I see a yellow butterfly and I was like, okay. I know that the yellow butterfly for me symbolizes a baby and I've been having a feeling ever since the day that we conceived that I might be pregnant. Okay Universe if I am pregnant and this is very early on I know I must be like three weeks if anything. If I am pregnant, please show me a yellow butterfly, but I want to see it three times. Third time's a charm. I want to see it three times to know for sure that I'm pregnant. Okay the next day the yellow butterflies would not leave me alone. I must have seen like six yellow butterflies and I was like, okay I was about to have a beer with my sister-in-law and I was like, you know what? I have a feeling I should put This beer down because these yellow butterflies do not leave me alone. My intuition has been nudging me since the day that I conceived and I'm going to trust and know that I am pregnant. So the next day was Father's Day June 16th, and I told my husband and mind you we had ended up having such a rough weekend. My husband's car ended up getting towed and the bull ended up getting towed. Toad and we had to pay like a crazy amount of money to get it out and it was just crazy like it ended up being just such a crazy day. But the Silver Lining to all of this was that on Father's day. I told my husband I was like babe. I think I'm pregnant and he's like no you're crazy. How can you be pregnant is like remember that one time that I told you? I'm for sure. I think we conceived that day. He's like, I don't believe I'm like, you know what I'm gonna go to Walgreens and I'm going to buy a pregnancy test and I'm going to take it even though it may be a little bit too soon. I'm going to get one of those first response and I'm going to take it and mind you I didn't have an exact day based on my period because I think my period had come like May 20 something but I ovulated late in that month and I knew it. I'm like, I know that the dates are going to seem off because I When I had my period but I know when I ovulated and I ovulated about a week late, but again, nobody believed me, but I was just like, okay. I know what I'm saying. I'm in tune with my body. I came home. I took a pregnancy test bam pregnant so literally got my period on Mother's Day and on Father's Day surprise surprise, Happy Father's Day. We are expecting and I just knew I had a feeling That I was a little girl even though again, my husband was hoping for a little boy and I was like my first initial reaction was oh, okay. I have a feeling it's going to be a girl. I know you don't want to hear this but I think it's gonna be a girl who's like, oh, why do you say that? I'm like, I just know so then I asked for a sign a random sign I was like, okay if my intuition is really on point, let me see a rose today. I want to see a pink rose whether Social like just send it to me in a way where I'm like bam. There's no denying. If I see a pink rose the baby then I'm carrying is definitely a little girl and I was telling my sister of the story and what not and she's like, oh no, it's probably going to be a boy. I was like, oh, I don't know. I have a feeling it's gonna be a girl. I asked for the sign of this Rose. Whatever blah blah blah. I was looking through my text message my text messages and I was going to find a picture that a friend of mine had sent me of her daughter's to show my husband. Whatever. Oh and I forgot that the last picture that that friend had sent me who I haven't I hadn't spoken to in a few days was a picture of a deodorant because she was sending me a message of a deodorant that I should get for Sofia because she has a daughter the same age as Sophia and it was like an all-natural deodorant when I go to open the text message to go look for another picture, which wasn't even that one that I had forgotten. She sent me it was the Durham bottle with a picture of a big rose on it a big pink rose and I was like Huh confirmation. So again, the universe was like yeah, here you go. Here's your sign and I'm going to do a whole podcast episode on how to connect with your Spirit guides and how to ask for signs and being open to receiving them and all that stuff because I think you guys would really like that. But yeah, so I got that sign and then if a key element that we found out that we were expecting a little girl and we decided to name her Lila. I have always liked the name Delilah but I I was like, okay Delilah is too long and I just really like those cute short names. So we ended up going with Lila and we gave her the middle name Jane like his sister. So his sister's middle name is Jane a name that his mom picked out and it was also really special. So we gave her that as a middle name and get this she was born to 20 20 20. So my fourth child to have a birthday. With repeating numbers, but I want to talk about this pregnancy because I feel like out of all my pregnancies. This has been the one where I have been the most in tune and the most I guess psychic so I from the beginning from just knowing the day that I can see you to receiving all of these signs. I was determined in this pregnancy to make it my mission to birth this, baby. Without pain and in a very smooth way. So I put that out into the universe and I would sit down and I would meditate every day and my form of meditation is I ask a question. I wait I sit in silence and then I just start writing I Journal a lot. That's my form of meditation. So during my meditation in one of these meditations where I was doing like just writing free writing. I guess. I think that's what it's called where you just put the pen to paper you just let Things come to you the word Flow came to mind. So I was I guess I have to embody flow. I have to let the contractions flow through me. I have to let everything flow through me. I can't tense up. I can't hold onto pain. I have to just let everything flow. So I got into that mindset that I was going to birth this baby and I was going to birth this baby without any pain. So I end up I started feeling contractions which to me only felt like pressure for the most part contractions for me only really feel like pressure. So I started feeding them the day before I was going to go in to get induced because my doctor was going to induce me at 39 weeks and I have been induced with all of my pregnancies. So my doctor was going to do is me at 39 weeks. I was like, you know what let's just even though I wanted my body to just go into labor naturally and do the whole thing. Naturally. Let's just do it. Because with Mila it's just going to make more sense for me to know that we're going to have to have someone come over and stay with her and I wanted that whole part of it to be planned out, but I was going into labor on my own regardless because I was to be induced funny how things work out that the induction date was set for the 20th because my doctor delivers at two different hospitals and then he'll only delivered like Monday Wednesday or Tuesdays and Thursdays. So dog Ali coincidence that The day that he had opened for an induction was to 20 20 20. But anyway, so on the 19th, I was having contractions and I was telling my husband who they're pretty consistent, but they're not super painful which is kind of scary because my contractions don't really get super painful until the very end. So I go into the hospital at five o'clock in the morning. And by the time that I got there, I was already four centimeters dilated so my doctor broke my water and then he hooked me up to some pitocin and I was only for about two hours before she was born but let me walk you through the process. So they put in the pitocin and my body started doing its thing. My mom got there. We were all laughing and cracking jokes. Like I literally felt no pain. Oh and I need to backtrack because before this I was calling upon my Spirit guides and my ancestors and I was calling upon my grandmother from my mom's side who had passed away and she birthed both her babies. He's naturally and she was in my mom's deliveries my mom gave birth to all three of us naturally with no epidural. And that's another thing that was very much my daughter just woke up. She's crying. I'm going to have to pause this and pick it right back up. Okay short little break there but I am back with a toddler on my boob because now I am tandem nursing and if you don't know what that means it is feeding two babies at once. Yeah overwhelming. But anyway, here we are so back to my story. I was calling upon my grandmother to be there her energy her spirit so that I can gain strength from it. In the delivery room to keep me focused and motivated because my mom would always tell me stories about how her mom was very grounding for her during her delivery and she had babies naturally and she was like, don't worry, you know, you can do this and she would always like coach her through it. So although she wasn't able to be there physically. I did call upon her spirit to be there energetically so that I can gain strength from that and I also really like having my mom in the room because my mom also had us all naturally. Without any epidural and she just like that support and that knowing I feel like when you've had family members who have been through the birthing process naturally and have done it without medication. You just get into this mindset of wait a minute. These women have done it. My ancestors have done it. I can do it too. So that story just always rang true for me and it was something that I told myself all the time over and over which was they did it I can do it. I'm going to be fine, but I'm telling you I was determined. To have this baby as painlessly as possible so much so that it even caught me by surprise the fact that when it hit me, I was like wait, I'm ready to push so I had the pitocin drip going and then the contractions started getting intense and by intense for me. I mean intense in terms of pressure. I started feeling a lot of pressure down in my pelvis and one of the Actions specifically, I remember I was like, okay another one is coming in. My husband was coaching me through them. He's like, okay two minutes two more minutes. Okay, you have this many seconds before it hits again. Okay here comes. Okay. Okay, it's going to start going down now, so he was really coaching me through that which was very helpful. But there was this one contraction that came and I put my head on the little railing thing next to my bed. I put my forehead there and I was like, oh crap. It's About to get real now. This one was really intense. Here we go. And now the really really strong ones are going to come. Okay, I kid you not I laid on my back and I got the urge to just grab my leg and do this weird rotation thing with my hips and I told my husband called the nurse this baby's coming. Like I literally felt her right there. And before that she was still high up because when my doctor broke my water, he was like, oh the baby Really high up. She's up there floating. She hasn't engaged in the birth canal which isn't a big deal because usually they only care about that with first-time moms because most first-time moms the baby engages weeks before but if you delivered before the baby literally can engage during labor which was the case and what happened for us. So I was like call the nurse because this baby isn't coming so she came she checked me. I was nine and a half centimeters dilated about to be 10, and she's a go. Oh, yeah, the baby went from being way high up to knocking on your door. Now the yep, I felt her. I got this urge to just get naked. I took off that robe and I got into this Primal state of mind. I really felt so I guess connected to my body and to what it was doing that. I just wanted to rip my clothes off. I just I got really hot and I The the Gown that I was wearing over my eyes, my husband tried to take it off also know I needed over my eyes because I needed to concentrate and I got into this headspace where it was just like babies coming it's time to deliver and I felt no pain. I just felt an urge to push and get this baby L the dr. Rush down by the time that he got through the baby was crowning already to pushes one really long one her head came out and then the doctors like, okay hold this push. Don't push it until I tell Tell you because he was trying to get the shoulders out helping me maneuver, you know to get the shoulders out without me tearing which he was able to do and then boom Lila was born but you want to hear another thing that was super crazy that shocked us all and I had never heard about this. I never knew that this was a thing when she was born the doctor looked at her cord. She had a true not in her umbilical cord. So it was a really tight not keep in mind that. Umbilical cord is the baby's life line. It's the oxygen it's the blood flow. So if there's a knot in that cord that can be fatal like a lot of babies a lot of mothers who are late in their pregnancies and all of a sudden they stop feeding the baby move and they go into the hospital to do an ultrasound and they find that the baby has passed a lot of times it was because there was a knot in the cord so the doctor looked at us he showed us that not the nurse. Turns to me and she goes this is a miracle this right here a baby born perfectly healthy and fine with a true not is a miracle. She could have died and my husband looked at me and he was like, he was in shock. I think for a good 15 20 minutes after I was like, well, is she good? She's healthy. She's fine. She's breathing. She has good color like nothing to worry about. Okay, you know, like I was okay like I just knew everything was gonna be okay, even though I was getting nervous You always want as much as you trust. There's always that little thing in your mind. That's like, oh my God. Just want to be to be okay. I just want my baby to be healthy. But yeah, can you believe that born onto 20-20-20 with another one in her course. There's my daughter Mila. I apologize for all the interruptions on this episode, but I still wanted to keep recording even though my toddler woke up because I wanted to finish my story once I get out of the groove of it. I feel like it's difficult to get back into that mindset where things just flow. There's that word again flow, which I forgot to mention that I had told my husband that I wanted to just be inflow. I was even listening. This is how much inflow I wanted to get because remember I told you that's the word that came up when I was doing my writing that I needed to VOC the energy of flow. So I started listening to as part of my meditations before going to bed streaming water just like the sounds of water flowing and I really wanted to just get into that energy of water which funny enough Lila is a Pisces water sign. I'm a water sign too. So during some of the contractions my husband. I had told him the thing about flow and I was holding a stress ball because the stress ball with me. Me for Mila helped me every time I get a contraction I would just press it. Press it, press it. But what I didn't realize is by doing that I was kind of tensing up and causing my body to just resist and what I really wanted to do was just let that energy of the contraction flow through me so that it can do what it needed to do and my husband's like let go of the ball just shake your arms out like this we used to do this before our baseball games and just let the energy just moved through us. I don't think you're right. So that's what I did. I let go of the ball. And I just started to let things flow through me. I didn't mention this before when I was talking about the meditation, but sometimes when I meditate I like to pull from an oracle deck whatever Oracle deck, I'm feeling that day. I have a few I really love the keepers of the light deck from Kyle Kyle gray. And when I was asking my spirit team who was with me what energy was going to be present in the delivery room. What energy did I want to really call upon and embody the Goddess Diana came up and when I looked her up she is a goddess that assists with painless labor. How crazy is that? I was like, okay Universe got you calling upon Diana calling upon my grandmother. Mommy my dad to be in the room. My mom's going to be there. My husband's going to be there my whole Spirit team. We got this. I'm convinced that one of my Spirit guides. is an older Midwife who has just been through this natural childbirth thing many many lifetimes and she has that guidance that I need for her to be present and with me during this time which I will talk about because sometimes our Spirit guides change depending on what it is that we're going through in life so different Spirit guides will step in and help us with that particular energy that they maybe more in tune with or an expert on but that's another story for another episode today I mainly just wanted to share with you what pregnancy and childbirth look like for me and how becoming more spiritually connected made such a difference for me in my last two pregnancies truly truly when we open ourselves up to the Wonder and the beauty of the Divine and spirituality we literally see so many Any different Miracles manifesting into our life and into our reality because we are here on this Earth to co-create our reality and the universe is here to back us up and to support us but we have to have faith we have to trust and we have to believe which was such a huge lesson that I learned as a picture of Sofia pops up onto my laptop screen right now as I'm saying this such a huge lesson that I learned with her pregnancy to truly. We trust to truly let go and to truly feel that things are going to be okay and that the Universe was going to support me because a lot of times we say yeah, I trust the universe. Yeah, the universe is going to support me, but we don't really believe it. We say it but we don't really believe it and saying something and truly believing it are two different things. So I hope that you guys enjoyed this episode and if you want me to do an episode all like more in-depth about Spirit babies, which I am really really interested in and a lot of people a lot of spiritual podcasts that I follow or listen to don't really go into the whole Spirit baby thing too much, but I do think and believe that it can have a big impact on fertility. So that is it for today's episode. I hope that you all Enjoyed it. Be sure to follow over at the aura room you two, I gotta get back to my babies. They're not giving me more than you know these 45 minutes to record this episode. So we will connect on Instagram, and I will see you in the next episode. Bye.