Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay, um. Well, it's been a long time a long delay since this so let's talk about has been like a month nipple and there's been in this been reasons for that has been a lot of reasons. Yeah, you can dive into your sure so canine reasons that I've been very busy with work and school work and every time you're available I am doing something else every time I ask you. Hey, we can do this today. You're like dude. Are you have plans? I'm sorry. Yeah, and you've been practicing boxing lately and that has kind of gone to the schedule. Hmm. Well, it's bi-weekly. So bi-weekly so every other week. What was it last week? Yeah, I did it last week. Okay, that's what you can do. That's why yeah the way your reasons for being so irresponsible and I'm doing the podcast know. What do you mean no food? How am I responsible responsible? You're the one who's making planned all the time like you've got parties to be to or something. Exactly, very important and a very important respected. You're not a businessman. Okay? No, I'm not but like where you're like kind of your reasons of why I'm not been able to do pot school. Cause same thing School the box and thing and us making plans, you know, or trying to keep I can I don't know how to say I guess friends situated or just make sure we're cool with everybody because you know how people humans are, you know, you don't talk to What if like a week they think you think you hate them, but um, other than that, do you want to you want to try and like best off the top of our heads give like a recap of this month? Okay. So let's start out February. Yeah. Those are very start off with your birthday. That was my birthday. Yeah. My birthday was last month Mike that sounds so weird saying that my birthday was last month on February 5th. I didn't go to school and with Kansas City instead and had this really nice restaurant. Ain't it cost a hundred and four dollars for all my family that was about three people thing can go because Russell busy there was parade because you know, the Chiefs won the Super Bowl and we kind of saw a little bit of it, but we did I go home early and it really sucked do going home. Because Mom can I stopping at their stores and Goodwill for some reason? That's I've been on your last birthday. Happy birthday to me. By the way actually wasn't you actually would say that like you should like your there's some meaning to it. But yeah, I really watch it. You kind of weird dude. That's not what you text me. I like 12:00 in the afternoon. I was like 8 and people are text me happy. That's cool. No like you were kind of hate about like social media is on Snapchat. You saw these people. I'm like talk to you about year. Just hit you up when you press like oh happy birthday because birthday Emoji. I mean, yeah, I guess yeah. Well, it's mean it's not like you're going to be around somebody all the time. What if I have a friend from like Antarctica and it's his birthday, how am I supposed to remember that? It's not like I'm always with him never with him. Yeah. Max is never with me and he's happy birthday to me first a 12 gauge exactly 12 guarantee you it was not trash. It was by Snapchat. Yes, but still exactly the dog exactly. He's probably sitting there like strong through Snapchat. And I couldn't sleep then all you see is just like 12 on the dot. It's Manny's Birthday is like go team Snapchat though. But um, I don't care about other than February Valentine's Day happen you you I've heard you had a date. You know, we'll talk about that more of a hangout with your crush not just us. But yeah, okay, so it was a group effort with two other people. Yes, there were supposed to be five original. I want absolute other people know there's we ended we ended as a group of four, but they're supposed to be five. The fifth person could not make it I feel that because of an extreme way until later on but I feel how hard okay. Okay, I'm not going to go too deep into that. But it was fine. I gave my gifts. I said how I felt when she accepted your feelings. You know. If we had live studio audience reacts to that, can we get a round of applause? Oh my God. No, don't stop recording. We can't you can't curse. It's fine. It's okay. It should be in the spoon drawer the spoon. Wow, could you okay tell tell tell Max from where he'd be standing in the middle of the kitchen where the spoons right next? It's right next to the deep fryer. Trim it out this out. Okay. But anyway, anyway, yeah what else God it's hard to think about. Well Simon team and the month of February. I can't say a lot of it. Okay, do do a lot of them. Oh, yeah, that's all like I said bi-weekly boxing started with me Ray and Austin there's more people coming into that. Yeah, so we'll see how that goes as and it's like a little kind of progressed a little story about February to we did try recording before Valentine's Day, but twice twice twice actually tried boys big February some things happen, and we I mean we did try we did record a little bit but then afterwards I was like this is not going to work. I do not like it. So we just kind of scrapped it and said you're do all over again. Which brings us here. Yeah. I mean at least we're we're doing it now. So yeah, I guess yeah. Yeah, my February was I mean I genuinely was actually good but there was bittersweet. Yeah, there were great times, but there was like chocolate. Sweet chocolate and bitter like dark chocolate dude. Yeah, Bittersweet. It was sweet. And then it was not sweet at times. That's the point of a Bittersweet Manny. Okay. Okay, go get some rest. I'm not your baby. Okay, I just broke my nail. On what on my like, you know those little things that leave like a little imprint for you to like scoop it out. Yeah, it's the thing to scoop out my earbud. Yeah, I put my nail in there and then I pull out and I was like what why does my nail feel like that my nail bent and went under like the remaining piece of mine Atlas weird. It sucks. I want to go see the Sonic movie. It was good. I love you also see invisible man, which has like a really good story behind it. However, I need to get consent. Tell it. Hey Vincent. No, look if I told her the story on Friday about the movies. I need your consent. Oh my God, Max here. We reach out. So many stuff from this guy. They heard you. These are really good microphones. Yeah, there are my only God, but you can you give me you give me some sense of the story, right? Okay. Good. I need you here. It should like give me some reactions like give me some sound. I mean you guys could just also talked to it's not like we're here anyway, so originally we were going to go see the Visible man. We bought the tickets for people because the prisoner is going to be me Vincent Vincent's friend mystery girl. Yes, of course, mr. Hugo, you're gonna be two or three girls Miss gyro. Mr. Eagle to cancelled. Could I go take care of her cousin? And so the day of the movies we were just kind of frantically Okay, come on. We were frantically trying to find someone else to come and by the time we did mystery good new mystery girl number two. I had a boyfriend and so we couldn't do much. It was a good movie. I liked the movie. All right. I think I just stayed mine. Cancel are almost almost. I think I just stayed inside mostly, you know, like no, I did work out a lot. That was mmm. That was probably like my biggest highlight of know like second bus highlighter February a dropped from like 240 pounds to 200 233. So dang. I started off not start out the one for we started this podcast when I came back from Winter break I was like 265. So we're making a lot of progress on that. It's mostly from not eating now. I like every other day now I've been getting back into eating but I only eat like school lunch. I spend the Earth. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Recording snarl actually committing a podcasting and this is our live audience. That's how we ourselves are. They are allowed. Okay, Sam. I feel like I'm like miss it. My memory has been so bad and also because you can't say a lot of things you want to say that too. Yeah. Yeah, silly things that's like don't want to be lighting a dead fire. That needs to stay dead. Okay. I was trying to I know also my memory has been really bad since like after we came back from school like that was about a month ago. No, I meant like it's like after Christmas break. I have had really bad memory and I don't know why like somebody could come up to me right now and be like, yo, I was just stunned and I'd be like, what did you tell you? What did you eat yesterday during dinner? I didn't eat dinner. Because you forgot no I just didn't eat dinner. Yeah could fry dinner yesterday. No, I did not eat dinner. I know what I look just to prove it to you. I will tell you what I had for lunch yesterday. Okay. I had a spicy chicken sandwich pepper jack cheese put on some iceberg lettuce, and I want and I grab some buffalo sauce. I put that over the over the iceberg lettuce. Stop the bun on a banana. Apple's after I ate that still hungry had to go drop by the c-store get a buffalo chicken sandwich with the art and you lost weight with curly fries. Yes. It was like the most I've eaten like, oh you're one to talk it out. You bumped into a girl in The Walker when wait, maybe memos cancel the brown cow. Can I respond to somebody who I potentially and trying to keep in my life bro. Now you cannot know you cannot do well. Guess what? Okay, you can't. Yeah, I can good. Thank you. So long. Yeah, the day before Valentine's Day. She like a poem this house has it. Yeah, same the same girl called me. No, I called her but she was a common question. Like what she would like never mind. So I got full. It's like I like someone like cool. I can't say Do now so like we're good. I think we're gonna end this podcast right here. We're gonna end the segment on a we're good action traction pregnant. No. Yeah, no slipstream. Okay, we've been we're getting speed on this we gotta keep going you gotta keep going. We're not taking on only Brown was waiting for you know, because the machines for the the tardy slips, they weren't working. Right and then the second they were dudes do hands me and ghost. Got to go the office man. I was like and then she was just like I know know the second I get my slippers like young only office. I was like damn it. They made me. Don't you have a levantar diesel? Yeah. She's like you're putting the Felix out of sounds like oh, that's crazy. I was studying. All right. Yeah. You serious? That's not dirty. So. Come on, we have to stop got all this progress. Yeah, no no, come on pick up the ball, bro. I've been carrying my back hurts. Yeah, what a ball is tiring you out. Come on, man pass the ball, dude. Okay, um, About this time we can talk about anything extinct. I got to say something you can talk about to be boring. Hmm, actually, you know, we do have an audience. So where do you guys think we should talk about right now fight? No, you're not talking about this. We're not talking not talking. I don't think he needs to be knocked out. No, it's not my fault you went at night. So it was raining out who climbed up there though. Exactly didn't you and go with you wait. I wonder why Max I wonder why it was at the time dude says he fist has a piss pot El Chapo. Yeah, I don't know if there's any you guys like, I mean someone else had just found out the other day that Pablo Escobar died like all Long time ago. Yeah, he did. No no, no, look. I swear. I didn't know he died around like the 19 like around the 1900. I thought he died like mm. Did I felt so stupid his legacy lives on his legacy lives on, you know lives. but um We're gonna stop this amazing thing about this. Anyway, you think the segment To them. They don't know that okay. I guess we'll guess I'll catch on as few welcome back. We are back again. I'm still with Xavier of course. Yeah, this is my guess. All right, it's like so I can segment so Yeah. All right. We got a mild convenience out of the way now, so we're able to keep the progress going. So um What are you feeling right now? Talk about a good song as you can just bounce an idea off my can keep talking. That's awesome. Then you go to let you sent me earlier. Send me a list and there it was I'll do it. I'll do it. Okay, I already have it up dude. You already have it out. Don't say it out loud. Just say something off of it. Yeah. Yeah start talking about something off of it and bounce it off. Wait. Where do you like? This is podcasts going if I can see as a future if you're just wasting your time with me here on this couch. Why would I be here if I was wasting my time? boredom And also just because you feel bad hmm, like he's like this this podcast can like be more be less feel like you could be more but not like something crazy. I don't see it like I don't know if we if it be not TV show but I'm saying like maybe we could big enough like we'd be able to get camera equipment and like actually I can show our side I don't want to do is if you are what's wrong, it's just that like listen my voice my voice sounds very different from my parents. Okay, so I'm in so like right now you think I'm sexy voice but in reality, I'm really ugly man. I disagree on both. I have a sexy voice screw you nah. Well, then maybe work on the body bro. I'm working on the bodies. You haven't worked on buddy. Yeah, you lost a lot. We yeah been boxing lately houses. Are you like trying to be like next McGregor yourself? We've been doing boxing. Are you trying to be the next best UFC fighter? Yeah, there's boxing and then he does. Boxing in style. Um No, you're not. Yes or no. I do want to be a boxer a UFC fighter but more right now. I'm leaning more towards boxing because like but then again that's just getting hit in the head over and over and over again. Get over that again and MMA it I'd be getting my arms popped out again slammed on a map Kick In The Head. both on really fun not online, but I think I'll just have to figure out as I keep going like maybe if I get because I've also think I have this weird feeling. I might just end up doing kickboxing because I like kicking but I really don't like all that extra wrestling all that. But I mean I like doing it. But like I said hold me being fat I get gas to really quickly. I do not like it's on fire. Technicality. Whoo, dr. Standards. I'm technically overweight. So I am allowed to say I don't like the doctor. I'm especially my doctor doctor. No one likes don't know exactly I mean like some people dude gets paid to touch you like you like it's bit touching for real like I mean, I mean legally they do, you know check when you're younger. Mmm, according to my mom when I was born. I pee on the nurse according to me. I can't tell if you're being sarcastic but no it is actually funny. But I guarantee every time your mom like introduces you in the second you walk away. She tells them that you know, what's it like the next best thing. Hmm. So the hot I went like couple years back my sister gave birth to a baby. Okay, and we went to the exim hospitals morning and my mom told me. And she goes about through my mom told me when she was coming back. She met the nurse that I peed on when I was born. Apparently she met the nurse and they start talking mom was just like and she asked me. How's Manuel? Is he still peeing on people? Oh, no. He's past that by now. I don't know man. Are you sure pretty? Sure. Did you go to see the movies earlier? Oh, yeah Pete on someone there. I mean a big mess of the who I feel really bad. I made a really big know you make it sound like the popcorn thing in your mouth. It was I was doing that because I was getting bored because the movie We're watching the Visible man is a great movie, but there's a lot of scenes that just loses you completely and I will happen. So I start messing around you there are my papa. I catch it by the end the movie it was like all over my seat and all over the like surrounding area. I mean if it makes you feel better forgot what movie it was. I think it was the croute when I went to go see The Croods when my family I said by myself Jai bucket of popcorn and I like a giant thing of Pop. I'm just I'm just vibing right and then there's this like big there's this big like 45 minutes were I just it was just so boring and ended up. Falling asleep with the popcorn still like that entire giant tub of popcorn fell over and I was in the top right like very far back by myself. And that entire aisle Bros just pop great dude. That sucks. Yeah. Thanks a lot. I liked it when we were leaving. I was like the first one out like the second Credit World. I wasn't like like, you know how everybody always gets out and they do that long stretch a little bit and then they leave I was Gone just as I started running down the stairs. All right, I'm out a Halo happens. Like when I go see a movie and I paid the mission, you know, I pay for the you know, the combo meal and I'm falling asleep you basically way about you wasted three dollars going to movie could even so you took a fire an apple dude think I'm not gonna lie the chairs at movie theaters are so nice and comfortable. Yeah, because when you get hungry, I remember every time I sit there and I'm like, I'm at home or I'm at school and in my bedroom, and I need a nap like some when you try and take a nap. A pin your body's like I'm feeling it. I don't know what like some movies are just meant to be playing in theaters now. I'm like at home like Ferris Blue you can see there's Bueller's Day Off. Yeah that was meant to be played like in theaters. Not not home. I don't know that the energy secure. So here I feel like I didn't say that right but yeah. Yeah, but you know the movie I'm talking about right the kid who like fakes. He's sick and then you think so. I was friends and the Ferrari At the end of it you see him say you're still here. The credits are done go. I guess she was wearing a home-like and he says go home and I'm at home. So I don't understand what I'm supposed to go back to the theater to watch it again. Yeah. Yeah, of course, but I'm surprised theaters like the theaters are kind of still a thing. Yeah, me too. I wanted to I was I had this weird idea growing up where I it was like a while ago. I thought every good movie. I watch I'm going to say the movie tickets and then for my kids, I'll show them all because Don't you think about it? I guarantee you by the time we're 25, there won't even be movie theaters. I mean, it'll just Penny like the penny that Hulu like the pairing of Paramount or you know, all those big movies you're coming inside to just like let Netflix streaming on there's like depending if they let them do that then yeah, probably I'm surprised it's still big this like Sonic made two hundred and fifty six million dollars in its opening week. That's a lot for a blue Hedgehog or the Speed Demon. Stop, they actually made a reference in the in the movie. Okay? Okay, two people who are watching this and they like, you know make fan fiction if two characters are obviously not meant to be together. Do not do you weird little thing in your room to like turn off and type that Stop. Look you're offending people. You're not I'm being I will take any listener we can get. Okay, do not ruin this. I'll rather die than I don't support it. Obvious. Don't publicize it. Okay, you can make it for yourself like to read yourself to bed with but I don't need to be scrolling through like just the Sonic on Google and I'll just all of a sudden I see you to see deviantART Sonic, right? I've seen a lot on TV crying right now, like nine-year-old me saw it. Oh, thank God. I saw it like now like if if like Sonic Generations, like when it first came out if that me saw it like the little kid saw deviantART Dude down. I'd be scarred. I don't think I would like not to say like all do you mean ours like that? Just like there's some really good artist Andy. There are there's a lot it's just like those little people who are good, but then do what they do. There's people who abuse their power. You hear the New Meme right? Then you like, you know things say to people, you know, so you're trying to make yeah, that's not a new meme. I think that's going to sang for like I'll well I better like I barely hurt like I ain't here until like it started in pure sorry calling each other soon. I did a Google what means because I was so confused. Really? Yeah. I can understand that just because one that means you're just like you're like you don't give this trip shins. I know but it's just kind of obvious old. He said hi to a girl soup and like I was like, okay, I guess I get it. Yeah. No, it's just it upset me though because wasn't it like literally not last year? Like it wasn't like 2018 like all we joked about was like like respecting women literally. That's what we would be like. Oh, yeah. I respect women bro are like this guy's a king or like yeah you like watching my woman was respect. All this and then now it's like you'll be held the door open for a girl yet. What happened pop culture is really weird. We devolve every year. So we're like it's very weird and parents hate it. I remember like when paper like like like like heavy metal like rock music will corrupt your kids. Because a lot of documentary but apparently like when you like when like a sea and all these bands are coming out parents hated them because a cultist I think they're called like they were going like, you know back to the recap of February. I remember those very last day of February. I spent all night making a playlist on the 29th, dude. Nice this run. I made this long playlist is all those old songs. You'd listen to back when you were still happy like I had our members. I got to look at something that we're gonna cry right now for saying that you don't even know the song jet like I'm like Best Day of My Life American Authors, hold on. Okay Cool Kids Echosmith tongue-tied Grouplove out of my league fits and Tantrums at something if you listen to this when you're happy Pumped Up Kicks different time. I'm remember paper planes. That was such a good song. I listened to get Bob to you. My says laughs a lot 5 Now parody song Stronger Kanye West Bruno - Bruno Mars in it, too. So water whether the neighborhood Tame Impala The Lumineers know if I said that right viva Viva La Vida by Coldplay some meat, bro. Um, Neon Trees was good to Flowrider whistle airplanes with how long do you spend doing that? I was upset started at like 9:00. Oh my God. That's two three. I'm still going. I don't understand you should probably hurry that up and finish it. Oh, no, bro. Let me know what sort of songs that you listen to those like, you know, like not rapper songs, but you know, mostly what you think people at your age would listen to like what you know, like, okay, so, you know, you're younger and yet that iPod in your hand. No, yeah, you never had iPod you never had an iPod I had off rain iPods because you know, Remember to the songs. We downloaded that I could download at least was Shake It Up theme song from these from the Disney show and second was just to be from the car naked. You seem to disappoint me more and more this I was into just I'll admit. I mean I wasn't just mirrors kid, you know, I'm still into him. Yummy. Oh, can we not hear that song? That song was? I'm gonna let you have to know Justin Bieber didn't even like that song. That's how bad it is. No, I think he liked and artists playing on something. They don't like because of money unheard-of dude unheard of Well some dive into that we know nothing about that good point on a mother a pair. Like I wasn't I wasn't another podcast I was going to send you up. I was like to another podcast and you had an artist Oliver tree and he said that 99% of the music he makes don't does not get published like does not get like only like a very slim person of it gets published that is music for you. That is what signing a record label does. I feel like it's hard again to any industry whether it's like television music because you're competing with a lot of We've been known for a long time. Like you're going against people who have like millions of millions of millions of listeners. Everybody just literally just Fame by itself. Exactly. So you're just someone small trying to make it don't it's I mean as much as I want to be a like a boxer and everything, I don't want to be famous though. Like that's that's kind of a My problem like if you're famous, I mean there are very unknown UFC fighters. So I might still do you see that that time do you see them? I don't know. That's like that's a discussion for the future when I fully decided but um, but I don't know if that just the engine like I don't know because you say different Industries, but for me, I just see one industry and that is Fame. I'm I think multiple Industries. Let's be honest an actor who has never sung in his life cannot just go into the music business. You never do that unless it's Auto tone. You know, I remember when tone tomorrow to remember when the backpack kid me a song. I've even stopped. I remembered you heard my size. So, you know, I remember don't say happy getting what's what's your name Gabby Hannah Hannah be Hannah Gabby. Do not manifest. I know I know it don't do it. Don't do it. How old is he way? You know that kid who dated that one character from stranger things the woman Jacob story has swear at your new topic. I'm not doing yes. We are going into the music industry and how you're trying to swing. When did I ever say I could sing though? You're still doing it you I don't understand what you're talking about. Baby, you are my sweatshirt. I can sing way better than you and I'll get good free. I never said I could sing better. I'm just saying I feel good about myself now though. I mean like you're trying to the music's does give you like a little bit of height there, you know trying to make it sound like my height stretches on my vocal cords or something. Shut up. I mean, yeah kind of all the top people I know have like very very like deep voices. That's how gravity works not all of them. That is not how gravity word dumb as gravity work done. Because YouTube video I saw I'm sorry. It was this physics the podcast. Yeah now it is welcome back to the podcast gonna drop the hammer on us dude. So that mean we can play no just no Beethoven music or he's gonna he's gonna copy strike us with who owns Beethoven. Don't any I don't think anybody owns Beethoven? All right, who distributed? Like who just ripped like you're ever wondering Distributors like Tupac's music Still. I don't think anybody even I don't think it's music. It's released anymore. Dude. I don't know Max you release taxes music who released his record label. It wasn't Tupac probably has a record label to what I'm saying, though. There was no record labels are on Beethoven's time. So your Beethoven question is actually kind of interesting and I think that's going to end for this episode of the podcast. What? Yes this is it slow. Try a swac bro. Dude. Be quiet. All right. Thanks for watching. Paul us watching. Yeah, they really watch them. Listen what missiles missing was an amazing day today in an amazing month. I'm sorry on the delay will get better at this. We're trying to pick this up. And I mean, it's been a good one. Catch you guys later.