If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like gorgeous man the whore and me. Just say send him a message bitch, and I did it I sent him. How are you? You look stunning and he reply of course. Do you have any photos of yourself? And I was thinking of course I have all I do is take photo of myself. So I send back some photos and he replied I look stunning. Of course. I send him my best best pictures. Although I have to admit I look exactly in nature. Like I do pictures and I always like Daddy's which beard and hairy chest when I looked those arms muscles big shoulders. I got wet. I waited for him almost an hour because he was coming in my apartment. That is where I just feel the most secure. I heard a knock on my door and I just got Way open the door and there he was. Standing and just measuring me and I was standing and laughing almost blushing and I have to admit I never blush. I invited him to come in and when he grabbed my arm Oh, I thought look at that strong hands. He will make some magic with those hands and indeed. He did later that night, but I'll get to that then we drink a couple of glasses of wine and lie wanting left to another and he Starkey. Thinking me just scrapping my lips putting its tongue in my mouth and I just go with it and when he grabbed my nipple in his lips, oh my God that tongue girl round like a circle circling my nipple. It got bigger. Oh my God, I was just so so horny. I told him please stop. Oh my God. What are you doing to me, please? Oh my God. Oh, yes to Dad. Can I call you Daddy? Oh my god. Oh, Daddy. Oh, yeah. Oh my god, dude. I was losing my breath just like I'm losing it right now. And he didn't stop. Then I grabbed his penis. Oh God, I do some tricks with that. I start circling around. his little hat area and he goes all wolf on me. What are you doing to me? I'm going to explode you little bitch your horror chew. Yes. Daddy. I'm your whore gave me that penis in my mouth. I can feel some juice coming from his penis. He was hard like a rock and I did all of that. I made my daddy hard. I was so proud of myself, and then I told him. I don't want you to put death in my vagina. I want you to put that in my ass. And he was even more excited to hear it. And it was going just slow. slow and I tell him do it harder. I like to be destroyed. I like to be destroyed daddy and he just go harder and harder and harder. Oh my God pound me. I need oh my god. Daddy. Oh, yeah, we're doing to my ass. Oh my God. My whole is destroyed. Yes. Oh my god, daddy. Oh my God. What are you doing to me? Without it being? Oh, yeah. I'll let me write it. I want to ride your cock. Oh my God. Yes. It's so great. Oh, yeah. Do you li little girl riding your cock. Daddy. Do you like it? Do you like wine? I'm writing your cock like this. Oh my God, I'm so naughty. Oh my God. I'm just gonna oh my God, I'm gonna explode daddy. Oh my God. What are you doing to me Daddy? No, are you came here to destroy me? They kneel oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yes, it's true. You're horrible. Oh my God. Oh my God. He was sweating every muscle in his body was just showing and then I open my mouth. Yes, let me eat. I want to eat that milk tastes wonderful. Daddy this is what I need. You destroyed your little girl.