We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it. Yo, what's up fuckers? How y'all doing today? What's up? How you doing? How you doing? Man? I'm ready to jump in dude. I am too, but we're just killing me. I was just about to say the same dude. Quark bro, the win do they was kicking dude, dude. I told you about it earlier today now, I'll so like we're up in Auburn. It's been raining. How's it been raining here? Like where you hella dude? It's been raining all week all week. So it's been raining like shit and then all of a sudden fight it comes it's sunny out beautiful, but the wind is just how and like a motherfucker and so do they give me cold outside it can be like freezing cold outside, but if there's no wind it's not that big of it's real. Lee not it's really not it was the wind was blowing and made it so much worse. Let's talk about the fact that you're helping build a fucking Stadium. I'm not no no, let's not get that confused. I'm remodeling bathrooms. Yeah, let's let's not get over exaggerated here. We I'm remodeling a bathroom. Okay, but you do get to be in the stadium. Oh, yeah every single day dude. Oh, yeah every single day. It's pretty cool. Yeah, it's pretty cool. It'd be cool. If I was at Bama because you know Roll Tide, but I definitely Enjoy your motherfucking. Here's what I've been doing. Here's what I've been doing. This is actually cool as fuck. I've stepped on the Auburn field. I've ran out where the Auburn team runs up runs out. I sat with auburn team sits. I've sat in the Million Dollar Club. I've sat at like the top of the stage. Like I've been everywhere in that Stadium. I've gotten to be where most people will never get to be. The only thing that I'm not getting to experience is doing all that wallet games going on, but I'm still not sold on it. What a cool just experience. I've been in both ends of For the touchdown like both touchdowns, you know, I've touched all the Phil. I've touched the field goal field posts. I've done literally anything I can possibly do in that Stadium like all of this pretty cool. Did I want to I want to come up on a day that you're working or something and just like Tulsa football out on the floor dude. I like it there. So like I've already told my boss. I was like the last day we're here on the like at the stadium. I'm sprinting the entire length of the field on the field, and I'm probably going to get kicked off this job site, but it'll be my last day here so I don't give a fuck. I'm doing it dude. I can't believe they still have your own hotel rooms. How cool is that? I don't know. I'm gonna go warm. Yeah with like a lease or it's not a hotel room like we have an apartment so freaking it is pretty cool. But you know, what's not cool we get there dude. Listen to this. I don't think I've told you this we get there and like it completely just like went past our minds. So we have to like put stuff in the apartment like Apartments don't come with shower curtains, you know, they don't come with any TVs or anything like that. So we had to go buy a TV. We had to go buy our own shower curtains. So the first not were in there we had no shower curtains. Okay, and I'm literally just like hug up against the wall and the shower bro. Just like try not to get any fucking water on the bathroom floor. I didn't I like I had a travel towel like the size of my fucking thigh is like a bathtub. Where is it? Like a shower where it's where there is no, like wall there it just like on the grill. It's like a it's like a it's like a tub with a shower. So it was crazy dude, and then like I didn't have any like she I didn't have a blanket have any pillows sleeping on the twin size bed. Oh shit in full like full close with nothing. It's like we do because we didn't really think about any of that. Like it just didn't cross our minds. We've been staying in hotels where everything's there. Yeah, there's soap or anything like we had to go knocked on my next door neighbor and I was like like the next morning, but I was like, can we borrow soap, please dude speaking of soap, I swear to God Braeden that blue brown and white bar of soap that you've had in that. Bathroom I think has been there since before y'all moved in. Yeah, I have never seen it used. I think it's growing life. Yeah, dude. It's got its own little ecosystem really does it's been there for years. If yeah, it's probably going to grow into another planet on its own. It's crazy. But no dude, you know, what sucks even more is I had to go grocery shopping like a grown-ass man like a grown-ass adults how to go girl. You shopping don't responsibilities and it was weird bro. Like I'm in there pushing a buggy by myself like looking at which eggs were the best which cheese I should get. I'm like what the fuck is this weird? It's weird having a good grocery shopping and not having your mom's card. So you have to be like holy cheese is probably better. Yeah, but this one's cheaper. It was yeah. I definitely had to go on the cheap side like for real for real and then and then I get back to the apartment and I'm staying like the person I work with is like he just turned 40. I think he like he had like I was with him when he Had his 40th birthday and I was like dude like happy birthday. Like you just turned 40. He was like did this means nothing to me? I was like, that's the most depressing thing I've ever heard. Yeah. That sucks. Hey, let's talk about birthdays for a second oval. Tell everybody the plan bro, dude. I'm turning 21 in Vegas. I mean it's going to happen if it doesn't happen then I'm turning 21. Somewhere in a club blackout Vegas right now is the goal of for sure. I told you I'll take out a loan go to Vegas. Yeah. Look, I've got a really important trip. Yeah, like a business trip. It's my 21st birthday. I have a meeting with Trump. I'll just tell him some water for them to like yeah, dude, of course, you need to $20,000. One thing we're not doing is going gambling though because we're going to lose everything. I don't know how to gamble. I'm gonna get my ass kicked. So I When I was in Puerto Rico, I went into a casino with Lee and I had like a hundred bucks left. I was like dude, maybe I can make it big off this hundred bucks. I lost the first round of like playing like roulette or whatever. We're doing whatever the fuck were playing. He was like dude just bet the whole hundred. Maybe you'll win big. I was like dude, you're right and then lost all of it. I like. Well. Alright Rio I was like, oh fuck me can't speak. I was like, all right Lee. Open a tab on yourself. And that was the worst it always like I was just like like whenever Leawood order I would just stick my head in be like hey make that to make it to where did you all go the first time y'all want to do? You lost all your shit that first night, didn't you? I spent all of that shit. Why didn't you listen? I think you left it in a backpack. We thought I did but I definitely spent all of it. We had like a lot in cash. I don't know how much exactly but a lot in cash it did when we went because you went to Puerto Rico right? Well when we went to Costa Rica the very first night we went to a strip club. We landed in San Jose. And the first thing we did when we got to the hotel meself Lee and Fuck was that other dudes named? It was good friends with order. Yes. Call your ward waddle waddle. Yeah. Well, they'll shout out to my boy Waldo. I miss that motherfucker dude him and him and him. Yeah. We went to this super expensive strip club that looked like a Almost like a like a Black Pyramid like, you know, the one you see in Las Vegas like that that casino or something like the magic show plays kind of like that. It was hella expensive. And so we end up going to another one and actually dropped several hundred yet. The first night in a foreign country is always the worst it really because you're just you're trying to have as much fun as you can and so you go overboard. Yeah, and when they start pouring drinks in your mouth and you're at a strip club dude will also happen. Well, also, I went to Puerto Rico and I had been like cutting super And been drinking any alcohol for like three or four months. Yeah. I remember you telling me that and so I got there and I was like, dude I'm losing myself tonight. Like like I felt like a like a drunk girls. Like I'm going to lose myself tonight. And so that's what I'm saying about your 21st, but I told you know, you have to say okay. I know I know I know you have a vowel but I don't give a fuck what value make on your 21st goal is for you. Like if I'm not carrying you back to the hotel. With throw up all over yourself. It was not a successful. I don't want to throw up and I don't want to piss on anything. If we can just make that happen, it'll be a good night. I can't guarantee that you won't pass on anything. Yeah rock is off. But but but I'm crazy we can eat some good food and just enjoy it. I mean I didn't get super fucked up on my birthday on my 21st. But only when I went out with family, yeah, I was with my parents were so all we want to take you out on your 21st. And then I did all my friends stuff like the next week. Yeah, I wasn't going to get super it's gonna be you and me at a certain point and If did I want to see Jason come on, dude? I know Lisa how far away is Lee from Vegas. I mean not as far as from him from him to us and Bam. That's what I'm saying. Did you see the new car? He got ya. Yes, Auntie about us. It's super bad. I got that bitch pimped-out. Remember when he said this that badass like gold car would like no roof or whatever. Well, it's like I just bought it and I was like, I just bought it and it's on my way to my house in La he was like, I have a criminal right and like all this other stuff and I was like, well, you just spoiled my secret. Now, you have two car payments you fuck. I can't wait until you like you make it big and we can just buy our friendship dude. I can't wait until we can go and Blow money in Vegas and like to come back and be like, oh, oh, well, what a fun trip. So there's a couple thousand. Oh, well, that's all we have to say. Oh, what a fun trip that way. It's going to happen bro. We've got to work hard. You know, we'd save a bunch of money if we drove. Yeah, they got a bunch of money hundreds of dollars, you know would be even cooler flying first class. Like we've done it dude. I don't know if it's worth it. What if we flew first class? Class like like even though I think there's a step above first class and some planes. Well, yeah, but what if I was already 21 on the plane, we both got drunk on the plane. Why don't you say no, that would be cool as fuck. I've always wanted to get the awesome and plan. Have you ever seen? All right. So I have you seen like the they call him sweets. It's not even like a first-class. It's called a sweet like the the Arab Emirates white you go in and if you pay for one of these you literally like there are there's a ceiling with like ambient lighting. Like a reclinable chair would like to bed. That's what your bed you get. You can talk to like I liked on this iPad. You can talk to all the flight attendants and like they can bring you through like you can order food for the head. Yeah, right. It's got a little large order of head, please. It's got windows that it's got windows that are not even windows. They're like those their cameras on the outside of the plane. They give you digital Windows what? Yeah. Yeah, I just want before I die to be in a private jet smoking a blunt dude private. Jet. Okay, like you know that you really made it if you can afford that kind thing. Like I know people like I've met people that own their own planes like Mom and Dad had gone down to the Bahamas with a friend of theirs on his private plane and went to like this really cool island. Did you ask them if they smoked on it? Because I feel like building death. Until I build definitely would have I'm sure they did but I don't know. I mean they might they might have had to have done it from that country like from the Bahamas which wouldn't be hard or I don't know if they would have brought it on the plane. So I don't know did you know what I'm asking them? I feel like like once you like make it big like he started dealing with drug dealers like you were like professional like professional drug deal and I when I say professional drug dealers like they come to you they like a briefcase of like a bunch of different strains and they're just like that's at the top of the top like have you seen We're the Millers, oh, yeah. Remember the dude he's a drug dealer and he's like a professional I said just like super rich so he has like the Sharks and as yeah, yeah, dude, that's what I that's what I want to be dealing with when I make it to the top professional drug dealers not like like dogged out gangster ass drug dealers. Like I want to like a motherfucker probably sells real estate and weed on the side. He's like, yeah. My real estate is marijuana drug pain. I'd be saying pain. Yeah, dude. This one I really fuck with dude. Yeah, let's let's talk about it right now. Do you want to do that? I do this Mark was this fucking dope? Yeah. So obviously just said the name its Mark West. This is a Pinot Noir, which we've been like kind of we just been drinking a bunch of Pinot Noir, but we got some tweets do have that we've actually got three bottles of wine. We plan on getting fucked up. We actually need to start putting this down. Yeah. We actually do me glass really do while Marty like a look that's a fat class right now. Alright, so this is a Pinot Noir vintage 2008. Teen so I'm just going to read you the description. This is kind of crazy. So Marquess specializes in pinot noirs Source primarily from California's coastal Appalachians, these Vineyards provide Grapes of intense fruit and flavors. The Grapes were fermented and listen and small tanks with daily punch Downs to extract color and flavors. Press lightly. The one has been aged in French Oak for approximately six months before bottling. What the color on it is just fantastic. So is it like okay, so I see so many companies that get there's from California is it that they get their grapes from the same Vineyards and just make them differently or like the treating process is different like what I mean? How can two companies get grape from the same place and make different ones? Like I guess it's just all so that they make them how long the age of the process? Yeah, they probably have little 14 years. Old-time time when Ian or Taiwan Ian, whatever the hell whatever the fuck you said 14 year old Taiwan boys stomping their tiny little feet on the graves. Dude, you can go and do that. You can go and make like one by like student with you're like dude. I think we should buy our own grape vineyard and make our own wine. Yeah. Okay. So that's a really big goal. So really big ol that will take some time. But yeah, that'd be super cool. And then eventually we should you know, how what's his name Mike? And he's building like a weed Ranch. Like it's a it's like a ranch that you can like go to and it's kind of like a one of those things like you bucket and like you go and like you stay for like a week or two weeks and you just get to like explore the ranch where I don't know where he's building. I think it's in California somewhere. You should go out there and you just get to smoke and like do a whole bunch of stuff like at Mike Tyson's Ranch. It's like a giant I remember that one like it was like it was like one of the richest real estate things that we've like that Want to watch that one time as a giant-ass ranch. I like its own shopping mall. Oh my God. I was basically like a city and it was for sale. He's building one of those. Yeah with its own. I'd like a hotel like a telescope like a like the Hubble not not like the Hubble but it's like a Land Based telescope servitor. Yeah, its own Observatory. Yeah, that's insane. Yeah. Yeah that house would that house and all the property? It was hundreds of thousands of Acres if I'm not mistaken. Yes, absolutely. Dick you I don't even want to disrespect it by trying to say how much yes hundreds of millions of dollars. Yeah, it was insane. Oh my God, he's building one of those. I think it's gonna be ready in my 2022 or something like that. I thought he went broke dude. I thought Mike Tyson went like rope broke. I think he I don't know. I mean, I guess when you're Mike Tyson you can make money. Oh, yeah, I did easily. Oh, yeah. I mean just like once you once you have like your name, like you're pretty much making money just off your name. You can kind of how much just start something. How much would it take how much money would I have to offer you two just get Ungloved punch right in the face by Mike Tyson. So you have to thank you. I'll probably lose eyesight. Yeah, he's probably gonna fuck your eyes light up. So I'm break your job might bust out a tooth. Well, no, that's fine. I can take a broken drawn a lost tooth. But if you fuck up my eyesight like hot like a skit like I could ask you how much would I have to pay you for you to like lose eyesight and one eye or just go completely blind in one eye I could still think of a price. Yeah blind now I can I could I you couldn't pay me enough to go blind. He wouldn't He would make you blind them and he probably won't hit you in the face. Okay, so let's just say you caught one to the jaw. Okay, just a Mike Tyson punch to the jaw a billion a billion dollars, dude, I would do it for 10 grand. What? Okay, you get punched and you get knocked out but then you wake up. You have a headache for a couple days and a broken jaw, maybe a broken jaw, like what if your mouth I suggest has to get wired shot? Then I want enough money to cover that and then still put money in the bank. Damn. I'm doing 10 grand dude, if somebody is somebody handed you 10 grand and they were like what might pop out like let Mike Tyson punch in the face. I'll give you the 10 grand. They have to give me enough money for me to buy property and I couldn't buy property with 10 grand because it look like whenever someone offers me money to do something crazy like that. I'm thinking okay. Well, I'm going to have to use that money to make more money and it's going to have to be money that I can use to buy property. That's a mess how I think want to feel like I know what I want and I can tell you that I wonder what it was. Just I mean that's a concussion. Yeah, easy easy concoction. I mean, even if you didn't break your jaw, like he owned the muscle like you're still getting knocked out like you're still getting knocked to the fuck out dude. He did a podcast recently. He almost ready. I think he started crying. He was like the person I used to be scared me so much that I'm thankful. I found boxing because if I didn't I probably would have killed like I probably Would've been a murderer you like it scares me so much that I almost went down that path. I was so close and now I have to like meditate every day to like keep that person. That isn't angry. I mean, he's an angry person and he's got he's a super interesting really cool guy. I'd love to meet him one day. I mean, I'd be awesome to job and but oh, yeah, I mean you see he does not give two fucks dude. He's been on the air, like people have brought up certain things from its past and like on live television. I mean, he's just fuck you bubble-like. Yeah, he's a scary human being. Yeah, I'd love to meet him God. That'd be amazing. Dude. Do we need to go? We need to go watch a UFC fighters what we need to do. We need to do a bunch of stuff. You think McGregor is going to get in the rain this year? Yeah, of course. I definitely think that you think you're going to face not who he thinks. What's up? Yeah, we have an intruder. Do what? Yeah, we're just going to we're going to finish recording this and then I'll come in there and do them dishes. I'll do my chores just make make sure you get Charlie out. Go on baby. Cat got your tongue. Sorry about that. We had an intruder. What were you talking about? Fuck it do were keeping it rolling. All right, this is just so everybody knows this is a very laid-back podcast was my aunt those your mom. I do I do. I'm we're definitely putting this up. Yeah, like this is the kind of podcast I want was just like super laid back like kind of No Agenda. We're just out here talking just having fun and talking about cool shit to catching up and then my tomorrow we're going to have planning on having to guess going to have my buddy from Marian took and then we're going to have another really interesting person who's actually doing a lot of stuff right now has a lot of sun. I can't wait. I can't wait till you come for for da dude. I'm excited for kids to come on to Rob. I just like the way he talks. I think he's going to be good behind the microphone. Yeah. I have a lot of stuff. I want to ask him a lot of stuff. I want him to to share if he's comfortable. It's gonna be fun. All right. Did you hear about or did you see the video where to be put I don't know if you had put it on Instagram or not and could be because one of my favorite Fighters, but did you see where we all know the famous McGee? Gregor Mayweather fight did you see where it could be challenged him to a want to say like 10 rounds of boxing and one round of UFC fighting for Floyd. I haven't seen them. Yeah, he basically challenged them. He was like look we can both make a lot of money. Obviously when you fight Floyd Mayweather, you're going to make a lot of money. Yeah, but he was basically kind of trying to keep it, you know within the realm of his world kind of because you know, UFC is just pure fighting. 10 or 11 rounds of boxing one round of Pure UFC so they're switching shit up. Hopefully, we'll see. Let me tell you what I feel like if Floyd were to just go one round in the UFC and get kicked in the face. Dude. He's gonna get yep. Yes start wrestling. It's over because you never had to train that habib's going to come out out of the gate like on that round and he's just going to front kick him in the face and Floyd's not going to know what to do. He's not going to he's never going to pay for it. Then never tasted another person's foot the funniest made, but that How much his mouth pieces cost $25,000 that's retarded that's retarded. You see a smile then if I can work. I mean, yeah, I guess so you oh my God the billion dollar smile. Look there's this dude. Everybody knows braces suck. I mean I even have one on my top. I mean, I've been dealing with ship metal in my mouth for years and years and years. You got an expensive mouth dude. I've got that's how to go. That's a big sign. I don't know what he does. I don't know how he does this. But if you look on his page you literally like when you think of a billion dollar smile you think of this like you you're talking about teeth that look like I mean like serious gaps like they were through the all kind of Dude, it looks like just a perfect set of teeth or just put there. It's no pain. No anesthesia. You don't want to go under you just have to sit there and wait. I mean, he makes your teeth look like a billion dollars. It's ridiculous. It's crazy. I don't know. I'd love that how my teeth are going to look after I do like my gum contouring. I'm getting like the Zoom whitening. I'm doing all this I want but if it's still not you know, how I want it to that's why I'm going to it. It's ridiculous. Like see it never really mattered to me that much because I've never smiled showing my teeth. I feel like I look like a psychopath like the like an actual legitimate like the definition of a psychopath my smile with my teeth. So I've always just come on. Let me see smile with your teeth. No, actually smile. I'm smiling right now, dude. That is not your smile. Bro, it's like about that's what it looks like. That is not how you know, that's how you normally smile like that like when you're laughing. Yeah, that's what like what I'm about to take a picture and like I'd want a smile like showing teeth or like with my might not just like a regular just like kind of look like I'm not even donating one to be there's kind of smile. I feel like think of a funny joke to myself because like I can make myself laugh. So I'll just make myself laugh before picture. Well, of course you can of course, I just think of a joke and you had before why do we smile in pictures because Will you know like before they used to not smile in pictures? Yeah, it's because the pictures used to take so long. So if they were just sitting there smiling just waiting because they didn't really know when the flash was coming. They didn't know. Yeah and all the portraits like all the paintings that they used to do, dude. Okay. Yes. I'm so glad no I'm glad you brought this in that is okay hanging up. So my aunt actually just came in holding up a tapestry of the Last Supper. Is that not awesome. It looks cool. We can Can put that dude that is only like four or five feet and went well. That was that was embarrassing. Yes to ride over there to block some of the light that comes in it is this super awesome like 10 by 4 tapestry of the Last Supper. Oh my God, it's beautiful. I would get Charlie gets it is beautiful. Yeah. Get out of here dog. Flipper tells the John Hall boxers are like that. You want to know why I thought they get clipped. Yeah, they do we didn't we didn't. Oh, actually I think we did ya know. I think we did because their tails are so strong that like if we don't clip it the light's not shit over there knocks it over but they'll also hurt themselves. I think I think they'll hurt themselves because their tails are so strong that commitment I guess. I mean, I guess it does also kind of give like an advantage to them. Nothing can you know bite onto it and grab it? Yeah. It's kind of funny. That's All just to see a little nub just shaking hard as fuck. Yeah, dude. I know it looks like a chode awesome. Wow. That's the first thing you thought of oh, I know. So first thing you thought of when you see a dog with a tail that shortest is kind of well, but okay, I think we smile to pretend like we're just super happy and it kind of like gives us if you looked at somebody's Instagram page and they didn't smile and any other pictures you probably think that person was like had something going on. Yeah, I'd probably be like, are you going are you? Okay, are you okay? Right. Now do you need a hug? That's why I'm glad everybody now does like the cool like head tilt back like gang gang like you would your crew like throwing up some handsome? Yeah. Yeah. I don't like it. I don't like smiling my TV. I really try not like sometimes like when I'm taking a photo, I'll try not to smile on the first one and if they ever ask me to smile, that's when I felt like the fake smile. Yeah, I'm not gonna lie. But I need a girlfriend. I need some puss. Real Talk bro women I hate to admit it. But y'all have the greatest weapon of all time. Yeah, it is dangerous the female body. That's your superpower. I'm just checking that's actually kind of mean. I don't think it's mean I think it's not that men are just so much more sexualized and sexually driven than females. You see guys constantly. Just trying to get A girl when they go out like what's to go like girls go out a lot of the time just have fun sure. They might be looking for somebody but a lot of the time they just called have fun guys. I feel like we're literally just bags of testosterone like right now like in our like in our age we're just bags of testosterone. We're just like yeah, I'll smash it control you think about every day I do that's weird. I mean, it's human nature. So I understand that but like Jane why can't women be as sexually driven as mentally idea if a girl just came up to me slap me on the ass and be like, hey, I'll fucking ride this shit out of you. I'll be like what like I would lose my shit. I've got my God. What's wow, do you think you think of what if our stranger walked up to grow and was like, Hey, I want to take you home. She probably gets super scared. But if any woman did that to a man, he'd be like, what's yeah, I'm following you. Yeah, you lead the way. Yeah. It's weird. Talk about a double standard. How about this? My mom told me the other day that when she was young. She definitely got roofied. Dude, I told you I got roofied. I'm just joking. I think I got some food. Well, that's also because you also piss on shit. So you never know where your limit is. Yeah, but it's scary. She would tell me that she went out with one friend and you know, a lot of people say, you know God with a group right because even one friend like that's not enough what she actually told me that one time. She hurt her and her friend she felt like there was something in her drink that made her feel weird. And so she stopped drinking up and that her friend had can had finished this drink. And I've done like really really really bad and the only reason why she felt like they had gotten out of that situation is because she hadn't and if their drink and was able to take her friend home, but dude. Oh my God, you've heard that Rick Roll song right where anybody that likes her lights Rick Ross. I love his music, but there was one song where he said some crazy shit. You're into Rick Ross was at the Big East dude. No, it's Rick Ross. Are you sure he was like I push and he was like, I put a put Molly and her Pain, she ain't even know. That was a biggie song bro. I'm I've I saw this on Instagram. Yeah, and then it was like took her home had fun with that. She ain't even know. Yeah. That was a biggie song. Is it a biggie song? Are you sure dude? I think it might be a biggie song because I remember like it was like a meme is like when he said that like everyone in the studio was like looking around like yo this what I said in 2013, I thought the memes that 2013. Well, it's definitely Rick Ross. Yeah. It's definitely Rick Ross. Yeah. I think I might have just Like like red biggie. I don't know why not throw any disrespect on biggie, but Any rapper who just says that in a song die. Yeah. Yeah, it's it's Rick Ross ASAP Rocky and future called Rocco. Yeah, but he said put Molly all in or champagne. She ain't even know it. I took her home and I enjoyed that she ain't even know it rape. Yeah. Wait, what what? Yeah, bro. You just confessed to rape what? Yeah, and nope like that didn't go anywhere. Imagine if somebody came out with a song. So that today? Oh, hey, bro. Hey, bro, National headlines. How does jail sound? How does prison sound it's scary though. Dude. They have a have you seen that fingernail polish walking up on we're gonna polish can the drink. Yeah. Okay, so it's black right or it's pink and you if you get a drink from a guy or anyone for that matter, you mix your drink with your finger and if there are date rape drugs in there, it'll turn your fingernail polish. Polish from pink to Black so a billion dollar what? Yeah a great idea. Yeah. This is the biggest great idea just to protect one like genius and it was college students who have thought of it. Wow, that's awesome. That's really cool right here about the whole Harvey Weinstein shit. Yeah. I know I got found guilty. Dude. They're like, I was listening to a podcast today the fighter in the kid and they were talking about it and they like they like red like the the testimony from like one of the girls in dude. It's disturbing, bro. What's the disturbance the physical descriptions of him? Yeah, bro. He's a disgusting looking person. What up? Just gross have you read that? Do you know what I'm talking about? Oh, yeah. Yeah at one point. She was like, I love the Jetta mately like thought that like there was something wrong with his genitals. Yeah, like he was his lucky look. Yeah, like he was a burn victim. Oh my God, what the fuck dude? What if you took your pants off in front of a girl and she was like did you get burned? Amelia grating did I'd sit down and just like there'd be nothing wrong. They could be completely healthy. I just sit down and die if that was said about me sit down and well, I mean all I know is he's gonna be in prison for a long time. I saw them five years five years. You only got five. Yeah. I think he's only going to be in prison for five. I could be completely wrong. But if he's going to be in five being there for five not even that long get on probation because he didn't even get charged for most serious of them. That's what happens when you can pay millions of dollars for attorneys. I mean, dude, He was a legend like a legend like in like the the way he'd get these girls as he'd be like he'd try and get him alone. Like he tell him he'd be like, hey, like I just want to come up to my room and I watched perfect role for you. Yeah, just one. I just wanted you to come read the script like my wife. My kids are out there wants to come meet him get up their wife and kids aren't there and he just be like like I just wanted some alone time and then like if they like started to like embarrass him or whatever and be like no like her like turn them away, like look you want to be an actress one call and you'll never work again unless You help me shit like bro. Are you into do you watch like murder shows on Netflix and stuff like that. I like watching the trial stuff. Yeah, like the one we were like, we got to finish the other real Fernandez. Oh my God anyone who does any harm to a child you deserve death? Yeah, so my my look on is If you are convicted of anything that has to do with a child in any case. That whatever you did to that child should be done to you. Ooh. That's like muscle that I'm jealous. All right, I was talking to or I was watching and you remember when that that Olympic doctor that had like sexually abused to a hundred like gymnastics. Yeah. Yeah. All right. There was a dad that literally I asked you was like your honor like I'm only asking for five minutes in a room with this guy alone this if you just locked the door from the outside five minutes, and obviously the judge wasn't, you know, allow that to How we going to kill him? That's a punishment right there? Yeah, that's a punishment. If you know that whatever you do to somebody could be done back to you dude. Yeah. Yeah, bro. That's crazy. Because on this world dude, it's just crazy. Yeah, it makes me scared afterwards. It really does dude. It really really really does. I mean like you've been hearing about so many things that just like happened in just such innocent people like with Kobe and his daughter. Gigi and then like what you're talking about it happened in trustful talk to him about that dude. Yeah. So I mean this is really new and you know, I don't want to put a lot of this on there but we did have two people pass away. You're pretty recently due to a train action up. Yeah, dude, and it's just it just like hurts my heart just to think that like these things happen to like such young children dude, the Amber Alerts the Amber Alerts that we've been getting have it has that are seem like it's just kind of come out of nowhere you get them every other day. Yeah, and then also like you remember that girl an They got like a we were friends. Yeah, I drive past the hotel and the gas station that she was last seen at every single day on my way to work. Yeah, dude. She had messaged a friend and was like, I think I'm in trouble and then never heard from her again. I don't I haven't followed up on the case. So I don't really know what's happened with that. But I mean you saw the video of that little girl that literally in their neighborhood had gotten hold or ripped from her mother's arms like Right in the middle of broad daylight literally Stomps his car in the street and ripped her from her mother's arms and drove off with her. Yeah, they ended up catching him that's nightmare fuel. That's that's that keeps me from want to have kids like - crazy that makes me respect parents that put their kids on leashes. Like I said, yeah. They have you seen those backpacks. Yeah. That's the greatest thing ever. Oh my goodness crazy. Hey, so happy thoughts happy thoughts. Happy thoughts. Let's do this. Remember that quote that I said, what was really? No not too bad. You tell people you might yeah, I'm I'm somebody might take it. Well, I'll go ahead and yeah, this is trademarked already. Okay, I'll trade market tonight. So I bought by the time someone hears. This is going to take a big. Oh, that's a great idea. Well, it's already bought bitch. So it's not what was it control? I think it was like a happy thoughts happy thoughts controlled beat controlled breathing. Good nights. You did ever sounded a lot better when I first said it but but just think about it dude like that live laugh love that's the new thing so sick and tired of hearing that yeah, bro, if I walk if I walk into a girl's house and that's the first thing I see on the wall. I'm out. I'm leaving. I'm out. I'm out dude because you probably make candles and probably your psychopath is just like no Mom you met candles. What is the first thing I think about it? That's what I see you make you make candles. You can't wait to have 50 cats in your mouth. I can't do it is so fun. So fun. Damn. This one is good dude. It's how much is left how much left we have of that ball before we have a good bit and I'm putting half a glass and Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's a big-ass class. Okay, the next one. I want to try the Dark Horse dude to the next dude. It's called yeah, so we just walked in and it's kind of was yeah. What did he say? What did he say is some people get when they drink this dude. He said like we will re looking at some wines because you know, we keep we keep it classy up in this bitch. He was like look I had this wine is called Dark Horse and it made my mouth itch. I was like, okay, you're a crackhead first off. There's the first thing I thought Your crackhead and then he was like, yeah, I know used to have it back and like VC or like he said some military thing. I was like, okay, you're a veteran probably not a crackhead whatever but still dude your mouth itched. I was like whole what a weird. What a weird. Now. I'm going to take out if that does if it makes my mouth on here, I'm full. I'm flipping my shit. Yeah, my mouth has never itched and that's just a weird thing to think. Yeah. It is dude. It is called Dark Horse though, and it's not a it's not a like a specific type of it's just called a red blend. So is that where you kind of have like multiple different brands of wine? I think so because of want to blend so it's probably a blend of a friend like grapes that they used to make red wine. He was talking about it fucked apparently folks you up shit. Let's get it when we take a break. We need to download these bottles. So when we get back on all of a sudden it starts we're talking we're talking started like this. Yeah once we start like, Tripping over ourselves. That's when shits gonna get fun because that's one kind of the defense gets torn down and that's when we're going to start, you know limits into like debatable topics, dude. Okay before we get into beta will topics. I do have some things. I gotta ask you these are funny as fuck and I just saw I just saw these and I have to ask you as a person that's just naturally fucking hilarious. There are certain things. I like to talk to you about and some of these things I like to ask. Would you rather dude? I just a quick draw thing. All right, so So yes, I was so about to tell you to do that. Yes, where did we were on the same wavelength? I'm telling you. I'm going to tell me would you rather? Have sex in the freezing cold when the blistering heat blistering heat easy easy. Okay easy. Why because your body's can make each other warm. Oh, yeah. Let me tell you what freezing cold. No not let me tell you what first of all it's almost an act of God for me to get a boner in the freezing cold Act of God. Okay, because yeah, that's true because not only is my balls on like preservation mode. They're like, hey dude were retreating. Okay like hey dude fall back. Like a fallback we're getting we're getting overrun fall back. But in the blistering he did I could I could easily know get get a cat cat cat cat exhausted in the he fucking not only that you're not wearing hydrating much never drive. Always what? Yeah, always white dude and then like some girls like like when you're just like passion you're hot and sweaty, but it depends like where am I at in the blistering Heat? And where am I and I said, yeah. Yeah, that's true. That's true. My because like it because like sometimes I do like the room like if I'm in a bedroom, I do like the room to be a little cold because we gonna get hot. Yeah. Yeah, but do you like what if you're like in igloo and Antarctica do we need to ask the girls? We need to ask the girls from call her daddy? Yeah call her daddy. You ask them that so when you commented them you're like, hey, we need to do a podcast with y'all. Like that's all I could think about I was like dude if they were like I do let's do it. I'd lose my show like what a great idea. It's definitely hard to cast from the Viewpoint of two women who are incredibly attractive super sexy literally talking about sex. I like okay. I'm not gonna lie every dad thinks they're super good, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah, some guys know they're good. I'm a yeah regardless now don't have it. I can start regardless though. I have taken some tips from that podcast and they speak the truth. They speak the truth. They're like, oh man, they're like the Messiah. Well, they're just telling you they're like, they're just telling you what They like what they want what they like and as a guy you're just like okay if they like it, I'm going to try and typically 90% of the time it works out and like somebody like sometimes like that. I feel like they're just speaking from like their point of view and like it doesn't really match up with all girls. But if but then also if it doesn't that match up with the girl, I'm trying it on. I don't think she's worth it. I don't think she's real experimental. Yeah, dude, I'm definitely going to throw out some of the shit that they say and I'm like Hey look, Like if it doesn't work, I always train for like if I say something like that they say I should say I like to a girl and like it doesn't work out. I'm always like you can just find okay to you know, just play might be like, hey, look, I'm just trying something that the girls from color daddy podcast said so I tried yeah, but then also like if it doesn't work, I'm big. Okay. Well, there's the door. Okay. What's that one thing that's wow. There's a lot of women are just in my experience and I'm not speaking for all women. Obviously. I'm not even a woman but a lot of them don't like Having sex like you see I can pour movie because it's not it's not necessarily real it's acting. It's crazy to think about it's just acting Some Like It some don't yeah, what up, dude? What is just a crazy? You know what's weird is to think about like when you get like the goal is to get married one day, right? Yeah to think about the fact they're like out there and have no idea you even are I know that's just weird to think about. Yeah, there's somebody that doesn't know that you even exist and you're in up gonna you're gonna end up spending a lot to you believe in soulmates. I think I think there are a specific group of people in our taste women that we could be compatible with for a lifetime. I don't believe that there's one specific person that's meant for you and only you because there are 4 billion women in this world. I mean, like, how are you gonna just like say that now that's just me a part of me. Some days is like, you know what there is just a want like there is one person that Meant for me and like that's how we're going to do things, but I don't know man. Think about like this if you marry somebody and they pass away. And you get remarried was that original person? Not your soul mate. Well, I also think about like this like I completely agree with what you just said, but I think there are people out there that are like like like they're on like they think the same way you think like they believe in the same stuff that you believe in like stuff just matches up or y'all could be complete opposites, but it just fits like I'll just like kind of fit with each other and there are multiple people just like that out there that are also women's like if that person you know does pass away. Mmm. There's probably gonna be another person out there that kind of just like her that you could probably you know, finally Some with yeah, and I wouldn't I wouldn't say that's it necessarily just one soul mate, but I think there are definitely people out there that are just like for you. Yeah meant for you. Yeah, definitely. I don't know I kind of go back and forth on it. But I mean you don't have a definitive answer. So it's hard to kind of put something on that. But okay, so then let me ask you this because this was funny, you know, you know the story about me getting blackmailed. Yeah, I did we talk about it. Yeah, so I read a story about a woman who had accidentally sent noobs on an email to her company dumb. So then let me ask you this are swallowing rather. Wait, wait, first of all, do ya email email? Okay. Well, you have to think about it like you can't just go into like a work bathroom and try to take pictures of yourself. So I mean a lot of people even like older than we like older than we are you just email for a lot more than just that plus I don't know, you know, there are people don't trust found as much anymore. There's I definitely wouldn't trust them to do not all over a text message to mean yeah, but shit, that's how it happened and happened. So let me ask you this. Would you rather accidentally send nudes to your co-workers or accidentally send nudes to your boss now you ask me this once before and I answered I feel like I answered the wrong at first I said co-workers because I was like, I really don't give a fuck. You know, I really don't give a fuck cuz like FL like if my boss were to say he'd be like, hey do this super unprofessional. We can't have that in our workplace. You're out of here. Here, but if my coworker saw they'd be like, okay, dude, like why gay but like why and I'd be like dude. It was just a mishap. I'm sorry, but like I really don't give a fuck like get over it. Like you saw my dick get over it. But if my boss thought I'd feel like he just be like dude unprofessional can't have that you're out. So I feel like I'd have more chance of getting fired. I think I sent to my boss and my coworkers. Yes your point of view. So I'd rather get sent to my boss. Dude. Could you can explain to your boss in private? Like look that wasn't supposed to happen. Just don't say anything. Never happen again, but if your co-workers saw that should get spread. It could save it you then against you? Yeah, but then again if like if anyone like we're to spread my dick pic because I work with all dudes only dudes that I only work with dudes. So if another dude is like hey, like just spreading my dick pic. First of all, you got problems you want mine and no no, I'm mentioning the wind passed that one of you yeah, I'd be like bro. You got problems if you're sending my dick out I come on bro, but uh, Boss definitely wouldn't be spending shifts. Like I understand less people saying it but then again, I really don't give a fuck dude. I really don't get that one. Yeah. That's just scary to think about I had a minute now. I have a biased opinion but I've never been blackmailed like that where people are like I'm going to send this everywhere. I'm gonna be like and I always like like I always want to act like I just feel like fucking go ahead like like you said, I might get some numbers out of it. I really don't give a fuck. I did like that's not it and she ended up not being able to send any of those pictures. I don't know if Facebook took him down or what but she ended up not sending any no one got them. But yeah, dude, fuck that fuck that girl be no. I'm sticking with the co-workers because I work with all dudes. I'll probably catch some shit be like hey bro, like because I work with older dudes like in their 40s, so that probably give me like a life lesson. Like, you know, you just need to you just need to give a did you did show called you'd get met. Oh my God, you get made fun of so fucking hard. Not with my my dad called me so much shit for that really fuck. I didn't even he sends me memes think about that. He sent me memes and it was like breakups like back in the 80s like Hey, can I can I can get my CDs like out of what he's and then and then it was like can we please delete the pictures of my butthole? Do you know what the fuck and he was just like yeah, that is so funny. My mom could never see it but it is so funny. It gives me a new like a greater appreciation. For Bill this is that right. I don't know how many he sends you, but I'd get them like some be the same woman. He sends you the same ones you get there. It's so funny. Like I don't get on Facebook. I don't have like any of the apps downloaded or messenger anything like that. But I every once in a while, I'll jump on there and I'll just see that I have like 15 messages from Bill and I'm just like, oh my God, I can't wait because they're all hilarious. But hey speaking on like that that what you just said. I saw me. It was like God like up in heaven. He was like are they still licking each other's butt holes. Okay more coronavirus. That's how they want to do this shit. That's all I think about like you said that you mentioned a Coronavirus. Is it not crazy to think that at any point in time that disease could mutate and really wipe out a majority of the population. Someone had said, I don't know who this was. You might think of it when I say it but when the earth gets tired of us, it will shake us off like a bad case of the fleece and I kind of just sat there and I was like dude, we really don't have control you look into the tornadoes. That just went through Tennessee. Yeah. We have no control. Yeah that disease easily could become are Warren transmitted and wipe out a majority of the population natural selection now Jolly Only the Strong Survive happy thoughts happy thoughts. Happy thoughts controlled breathing good nights. Would you rather every shirt? You ever wear be itchy tough or only be able to use one-ply toilet paper every shirt I ever wear. I don't give a shit. If it's Versace Gucci. I was in the shit, let it be itchy as fuck. Fuck like you just got a haircut and it's only it's you're rounding like the back of your neck. Let it happen bro one-ply toilet paper that's called military toilet paper, dude. Hey that's called what the the devil thought of that? Yeah. No for sure the devil possessed someone and they're like, hey, let's make one-ply toilet paper. We talked about toilet paper when I was in basic training, right the army with the Army doesn't with the military does. I don't know about the Air Force because you know, they're Force but the army Pays the lowest bidder. So let's say somebody came in was like, hey, I'll sell you a tour this roll of toilet paper for a dollar roll. Somebody else came in and said, I'll sell it to you for 50 cents 50 cents on a roll we would go with that person. That is selling it for Less made from recycled solo. Obviously. Yeah, dude. Oh there is recycled will vary by the way gonna roast. All right, so obviously it's shitty ass toilet paper literally pun intended. Yeah. It's one ply. It tears when you try to wipe its miserable when I got home from basic and entity like the eight months that I was up in Fort Leonard Wood. One of the best things was being able to take a shit in my own bathroom and use toilet paper that felt like in I mean it felt like like Silk dude, like there's nothing like you really do not understand what it's like Like valuing a shower a mattress toilet paper like my God just being just understanding the value of the smallest things. Oh, no, man. I'll tell you about this in a second. Okay? All right, keep it in your head. Keep me here. And I got another point. I ask you this. I want I don't know if I ask you this on are on a fast you all this on this one are but if I did fuck him, would you rather say everything you thought? Or yell everything you said. I think some fucked-up shit dude I mean you could say it in private think about if you had to yell everything you said imagine when you're in church and dude you have to just shut up the whole time yeah well I mean I kind of do that already yeah yeah dude I'd rather yell everything I'll say yeah for sure as I say I think some fucked up shit like even about like I'll be sitting next to someone and like they'll have said something and if I just said what I thought like as soon as I said that thing I'd be like I'd Definitely get punched in the face. Probably killed. Yeah. Yeah, I'd be in a lot of fights because like I something like this happened this do this happens to me almost every week. Did someone will say something and I'll be like are you actually do you actually have you been tested for a mental disease and like if I were to say that to them they'd be like, alright. Well murder is the only option I have that's all I have left is to murder. You definitely be screaming everything I said like at the top of my lungs kind of scream like losing my voice. Every day comes yeah, there's okay. I got to ask you how much time do we have? I'm with someone we recorded think like 30 minutes. Fuck it. I'm honestly I really only 30 minutes probably surprised if it wasn't armed or not. I don't even know to be honest with you. Fuck it. Who cares? Yeah. I know. My mom wants to clean both incur the guests that we're having over already here. So I don't think she's going to be cleaning. Yeah, I hear in there talking. Yeah, so I'm so glad y'all hear that. Yeah. Yeah. She could be talking to herself though. I'm in. Hey one. is once once you know that certain Ange I'm just talking to I love my my I honestly I cannot wait to have her in here yeah I know yeah parents will definitely come on the podcast you're gonna bear seeing shit oh she's gonna fuck us up dude oh yeah oh yeah 100% And prepared for the most embarrassing stories yeah and I told this I told this to cook which I'm glad he's coming on because as soon as we posted that last one I told that embarrassing story about him he was like At first either he texts me act like he's kind of blood heard he was like dude I can't believe you said that I was like bro I'm going to say so much more embarrassing shit about myself like load just know if we pick on somebody on here we're going to put the exact amount of embarrassment back on us because there's dude there's so much as I like like I honestly trying to live my life like I have no regrets spelled correctly back to where the Millard Gertz yeah I try to live my life with no regrets regrets but how you fucked up saying it this one but I try to live my life Then I'm happy about the man. I am today and I wouldn't be that without the mistakes I've made but we got to talk about it. I mean it happened. So you got to live through it. I'm happy. I'm happy about the man. I am today. We're safe, you know - the the attorney is hey, I'll tell you what. Hold on. Let me tell you this. This is Harry quote me here like Matthew McConaughey. He said who was your biggest role model? He asked us like he was giving a speech like who's your biggest role might have heard the well, I'll tell you who - it's going to be me and five years because I look up to the person that I want to be in. Five years and then five years from now. I'm going to look up to the person that I want to be in five years from them and continue to go on you always want to look up to who you had like the person that you think you're going to be in five years. That's who your role model should be. That's who you should continue to work to be as if you get to that point then if your role model and five years from then is an even better person. You're going to only continue to better yourself and when you better yourself, you're able to help better others. That's why I feel like you have to be so goal-oriented. Like if you don't have goals you're really not trying to Even if you don't have goals then your your kind of happy where you're at. Yeah, but I feel that and never really happy where I'm at. I want to do better. Sure. That's why that's why we're doing this man. Yeah, and I've dated I've dated people who are just like, you know, I just want to live life and just be who I am and I'm like, you don't want any like you don't want to do anything else like you don't want a better like you like. What do you want? What do you really want to do with your life? And like I really know I just want to do me and I'm like, what are you doing to do you like it? Like for me doing me is like wanting like having like you said, And goals wanting to start something when needed like continue to better myself, but like with them they were just like I just want to go out on Saturdays and on Fridays and party. I'm like, oh your dad died early. But yeah, I just I don't know fuck you. Did I just want to be better - that's a funny thing to say that such a disc like well if anybody tried to get mad at you, I mean, it's not like I got did like look I heard crystal is a one time he was like he was talking about girls dressing up as like straight up sluts on Halloween they're like oh my God I'm a nurse and he would go he would be like I'm gonna go up to him and be like hey how much they beg what do you mean and you be like oh well obviously you're a stripper because you're wearing a third of what the normal amount of clothes should be so how much and they'd be like oh my God no I'm just living my life I'm just it's just Halloween and he's like yeah yeah exactly how much you're a hooker in here is like yeah those girls your dad died early Chris Dudley did not give a fuck dude he had his congratulations podcast is one of my favorite podcasts ever one of my favorite podcast ever yeah I know I need to give them money to give that podcast a real chance you really do did you really really really really really do and also dude I was thinking me and you should both like aside from this we should start other podcast like me and you each have our own podcast but I didn't know how about like what you think about that Have to be so we have to be have to have like a small group of people that you're trying to attract a geek like you can't just get on there. You'd have to be really funny or you'd have to like have a specific audience. I don't know if I really have that not yet. Yeah. Yeah, I feel like that'd be a lot of fun though because like dude, I'm telling you. I'm telling you dude, if like if I did speak everything I thought and I just sat in a room and was just thinking like like literally if I didn't have this but like the dude, yeah. No, no if I was Just by myself. Just saying everything. I thought like I told you I just make myself laugh like went like whenever I'm having a bad day. I'm just like fuck. What is something funny I can think about and I'm just always thinking about like a way I can spend something like when I'm by myself, I literally just work on like a way to tell a story or a way to make someone else. Laughs that's literally all I think you're good at telling stories. It's all I think about you. I think it's I just think it's fun, dude. Do you say finest stores? You want to tell a story? I feel like I have to go ahead and get this out there because we mentioned Puerto Rico and in Costa Rica and it's funny as fuck that Lee was there for both of our fuck-ups you was but dude. I flooded a hotel room impressive. I did too, but not necessarily like with a bath I had to replace the baseboards. Ouch, not 750 dollars new mattresses sheets baseboards fucked up some dudes computer. Now, there are a bunch of us are a bunch of us. I wasn't the only one at fault. but dude I flooded a hotel room in another country all right we had this was the second night maybe the second night and we had gotten these really cool like it's like a little house right with two beds in it like a little kitchen like a TV your own bathroom like you sleep like for people to room well like they're separate like there's like a little building and its really beautiful garden area that's fenced in and you have a pool and I'm just going to sit right so obviously we were all wanting to go out and find something fun to do we want to do need to mean none of us were 21 so in Costa Rica you can drink 18 like a fucking like that's awesome right so we had gone like we had just walked down the street a little bit and there was this bar we were like damn if this is really like just going to suck the cording to have his beer whatever so we had been drinking beer and there was somebody that spoke English and we basically just ask me like hey like we're trying to turn up like where can we go he's like dude walk down the road like a hundred yards and we're like okay paid for drinks left there was a full last fucking Carnival like an adult Carnival with like a DJ and a dance floor and rides and like little food stands and a right across from there was a fucking Supermarket hmm alright the all of us all of us the entire group like the entire like our little group like me Ali self what L like all of the people that we were hanging out with We walked into the supermarket ball like at least six or seven bottles of Smirnoff and Tequila like we had we two of us a to warmth at night so much. That's so much. I'll call it a warm dude. That's bad. Okay, we went I blacked out before we left this Carnival course we had been dancing and like I was flirting with all these you know, these Costa Rican women and I was just enjoying myself. I mean it was I was like a I can do that just walked into like a fucking toy store got really fucked up don't know how I got back but somehow I got back sobered up enough to remember being in the pool with a bottle my own bottle of vanilla Smirnoff and just drinking it out of the bottle okay dangerous that's stupid as fuck the fact that I was with adults and they did not like try to talk me out of it was crazy but we were having like great conversations like I was drunk but I still have like my mental wherewithal you think why did because Talk about it the next day. Yeah. Okay, so Then I woke up again. And the shower to the coldest water I have ever felt I had been in that shower for like 6 hours. My whole body was like a prune I was sitting do I that that room must have been flooded for? A decent amount of time because when I woke up, I'm in the shower and I'm like, holy shit. I'm freezing. I have this massive hangover. I mean just throbbing headache I turn the water off and I'm like dude what is going on and I looked down on my all right. So this is what's happening. I'm in a bathroom this bathroom looks familiar. They're shit over there on the floor in the bathroom and the rooms flooding the bathroom is like flooding like through the door like underneath the door. So I'm like What's like, all right, what's happening? This is bad figure out what's going on. It's like 6:00 a.m. I walk outside butt-ass naked I had been sitting my ass was on the shower drain. So nothing drained it went over my legs into the room. I walk out dude. I walk outside into like our room from the bathroom like into the main room. Everybody is completely trashed hanging over the bed pissed themselves. Like there's throw-up Landon. Remember Landon was hunched over the toilet and there's water flooding the rim like I'm like how Help deep like it was flooding out of the door onto the front like patio of the room like it was flooding into the yard. And I'm like, okay, this is really bad. Yeah, really really really bad. There's bags in the floor like really bad. So I started waking people up and I was like dude what the fuck happened what is going on the rims flooding like what happened and they were like, bro. You and I will say this and it's so embarrassing. It's so embarrassing but I've got to say I shit in the floor. I should outside because I couldn't wait for the bathroom. What had happened was when we had gotten back. I had thrown up. All right. Well, I had gotten small myself to everybody who's ever been black out of like eventually at one point in time. You're gonna throw up. Okay. So I've gotten some like a my sleeve or something like that. Well, I need to go take a shower Landon was in the bathroom throwing up and I was like, dude, I've got to use the bathroom of Gotti's bathroom and they're like dude. There's somebody in there and you and I will I remember taking a shit. I just I had no control over myself. I remember dropping modules in the middle of the night outside of this hotel room and shit on like the grass outside when in finally he came out and that was when now it good buddy of mine at Lieutenant had put me in the shower wash me off and had passed out himself and left me in there and I was trashed as well. So during that time everyone else had come in passed out pissed. Themselves ruin the mattresses. I've always kind of shit while I was in the shower for six hours be six hours. I had used up all the hot water at the facility and woke up only because it was making my body freeze. It was bad. So obviously when the people saw what was going on they were like, okay, you understand. You're going to have to pay for this. Right? And I was like, yeah, I mean I get it $750 and everyone else had to pay like a couple hundred. Baseboards mattresses sheets blankets all kinds of shit the cleaning ladies like they had to wash our clothes. It was bad bad bad. So that was my most that was like my worst night ever drinking and it happened on the second day of my spring break trip in Costa Rica. What just a what just a shitty way to go out dude, like what the fuck you got it want to do this. I got your eyes open another bottle will sit down we're opening The Itchy mouth one fucking energy mouthwash dude if this makes my mouth itch I'm suing it I'm going to tell a story that's equally embarrassing that I've never told another Soul besides the people who were there to witness it let's hear it do I know this I think he do oh Puerto Rico no Mexico oh shit dude you fucking idiot bro dude that whole it will stick with me literally for the rest of my life there's nothing I can do forget it so I went through a period in my life where and this all goes back to like my brother would when he was just an absolute dumbass he would give himself he would give himself frat tats so my brother explained people different at Israel it's where you put a cigarette out on your body and you have like a scar and it kind of kills and it kind of looks kind of cool but it doesn't it's not cool at all so my brother had gone to that phase where he was giving himself right out C be getting super fucked up and he'd be partying and he'd be give himself wrapped as well I started doing the same thing when he was locked up mmm eggs and I'm sorry give myself that tots and and like went out like my thinking was I was like I'm doing it in an honor my brother which is the stupidest thing NG the fucking world like that's what happens though when you're when you got a brother yeah I was just stupid as fuck so I had been giving myself a stupid amount of fat adds I had like the same amount on my arm on each arm I had a number of them on my back I had just a stupid amount and like whenever I would get drunk I'd be like I can't feel pain which obviously I couldn't because I was fucking blackout but I could feel it the next morning and so we're in Mexico I have already high like a number of frat tots I myself where a pull bar which is literally all that you're in a pool there's a bar like in the middle of the pool which is dope as fuck I'd swim up I'd go up to the bar and in Mexico I had is like an all-inclusive pass so I had a wristband on showing my wristband that give me whatever I want and have to give any money so it was awesome I was getting absolutely black out every single day this is like the third or fourth day and I'm there with their with Dax and it's just me and him were in this pool or at the pool bar and I'm like hey I want to eat a worm I want like I want to drink some tequila want to eat a worm and there like hey Gringo no absolutely not and and there was this old white dude with me and they're like no it's okay he can do it didn't know who this dude was he just wanted to see him a dumb motherfucker eat a worm yeah and I was that dumb motherfucker wanting to eat the worm and So eventually we talked him into giving me a worm and a shot of tequila I took the shot eight the gave me a shot with the worm in the bottom took the shot at the worm and it's like a mealworm it's like a me warm it says people don't know the pictures that you would feed to like a lizard or yeah soaked in fucking tequila absorb straight alcohol and so I took it most disgusting thing I've ever experienced in my life and I held it down for like 15 minutes and everyone was like cheering me on there like holy shit this motherfucker just did this and I was like hey I gotta go take a piss obviously I didn't have to take a piss it was obvious I knew I knew myself I didn't have to take a piss I went yeah oh yeah I went to the bathroom puked my guts out and then took a piss and I don't remember walking out of the bathroom I don't I remember waking up on a staircase and just some Mexican worker slapping my face being like speaking Spanish all but up but it's like a hurt I understood them fluently it was weird it's like I learned your son what is this is 100% true like oh and God on the bottom like this is cute and anyway this is completely my experience woke up on a staircase so keep in mind I took the worm I ate it I went and I puked and then I woke up on a staircase some Mexican dude is talking to me slap my face and all I heard was where's your room is your room where's your room and I couldn't remember my room number couldn't remember shit I can't remember anything I was like I do not know and he was like I'm going to drive you around and you just tell me when you remember where you're staying and I was like that's so fucking sketchy dude and I was like okay so we got this golf cart and we started driving around the resort and finally I was like Hey that place over there looks familiar and then I got there and he was like I'm going to walk you to your room and I was like okay he walked me to the room I'm knocked on the door my mom opens the door and she's like holy shit you're alive and I was like yeah of course I was like what are you talking about Bambi I'm completely fine fucking Braden Keith there I'll make it anywhere and so I walk inside I pass out I completely pass out and I wake up and no one's in the room I'm completely around myself and I'm hungover beyond belief and I walk into the bathroom and I look in the mirror and there is a rat tat on my forehead and the middle of my forehead right in between my eyes as if I had just gotten like shot in the fucking forehead like execution-style right in the middle of my face okay and so I'm freaking the fuck out I'm like dude that's not going away like that's a frat at in the middle of my fucking face okay did you feel it it woke up no I didn't feel shit I just I just I just woke up and I was like you know I need some water and come later dude it hurt like you would just listen so I fucking I'd notice it and I'm like I'm dreaming okay I knew I ate a worm I'm Dreaming I'm gonna go back to sleep I chugged a bottle of water went back to sleep I got woken up by my mom my brother and Jason they walked back in the room they had gone away on an Excursion and went ziplining they completely left me there like he's not we don't know if he's going to make it through his nap he's an are we the kind of like we're like we're going on this excursion we told him to be sober enough he wasn't we're leaving them so they left me I missed out on ziplining totally pissed about that but whatever I deserve I get back and I'm like hey guys please tell me I did not just become a burn victim and I'm like do not please for the love of God tell me I just dreamed that I just had a fucking frat on the middle of my face and they're like hey dude no that's real and I was like and my brother just over there laughs and then I'm like what the fuck I'm like like honestly like crying I'm like what the fuck happened like what the fuck and finally like they're just like a we don't know like this is just how we saw you and like they were just completely disappointed and I was disappointed like what the fuck do I took it way too far and then finally like I'm just like sitting in a Lobby I have a Band-Aid over my forehead I'm walking throughout like the resort and people are like hey like there's that motherfucker like they're just like screaming like how did people in the new you though everyone knew everyone knew there wasn't a soul in that Resort that didn't know my face oh shit see you at the resort when you people you people were coming up to me because I was like obviously as soon as that happened I got sober I was obviously about a good get more drunk you know I was like I gotta fuck going to get drunk to get over this because I was depressed I was like I cannot believe I just did that so I went back to a bar and I started drinking again like a dumbass but I mean I haven't all inclusive resort so why would I not take advantage of it you know but so I'm out of arm you know I'm drinking and then that comes and sits up next to me and he's like hey do you remember how you got that flat top and I was like oh did you remember that night and he was like yeah I completely remember that night and I was like okay you're a psychopath you're a psychopath because you had as many drinks as I did and your you remember that and he was like yeah bro you were telling people you couldn't feel pain and you said I'll get a mother fucking frat at right in the middle of my face and they're all like dude that's the stupidest thing I've ever heard and I was like I'll do it and my brother was like and I'll give it to him and Dax put a cigarette out on my forehead dude there's no way that was a cigarette that was a fucking cigar did yeah but it's just that bitch was big you can't like lower your eyebrows you can't really see it I can't see shit now because it healed well I took the like I took so like I was like I was literally thinking I'm like I'm gonna have to go to a doctor and get like a skin graft like therapy till I get this covered up if it heals bad because I had to go to back to Marion at the end of the summer and so I was freaking out dude and I just had the fattest like scab on my forehead and it was like getting in fact I remember when you came back because I it was so bad dude well we had we had heard about what had gone down we didn't know that it was actually that bad like it hurt because you have other frats hats and so I was like okay I was like well that's not is it good yeah I saw the look on that wine is good okay okay don't don't don't don't tell me I want to I'm about to finish this I'll try one but we had heard about that y'all had basically kind of fucked the trip up oh do we fucking ruin the trip it wasn't until I saw the Apple it was dense car that I kind of realized like oh dude night he didn't get blackout like he got like alcohol poisoning blackout yeah bad that that yeah I can't cuz we had been under the assumption that you had been lost in Mexico I was I was definitely lost now we didn't but we didn't know that other Resort well that's why I'm saying we didn't know that you were at a resort we thought that you were like in Mexico City like out in the middle like in a legit just like Mexican like City we didn't think that you were in like a tourist area we thought you were like gone that was crazy when I saw that I was like dude I cannot believe I can't believe it either did I refuse to believe it for the longest time and then dude I mean it was there and I was like I refuse to go out in public until this thing is healed dude what we need to do is crazy to I need to take you on a cruise yeah bro you know what the alcohol packages was like 15 drinks v a danger anc's a day which I don't even think that's but that's just the alcoholic the thing about a theme of this way five drinks you you don't drink any yeah you don't drink it no no no you don't drink any for breakfast kind of like you know resurrect yourself over breakfast and you kind of like he'll kind of let your body like you know fix itself the headaches go away you take some medication if you wanted to and between lunch and dinner you could have five drinks at lunch five drinks at dinner and five drinks after dinner it's only like 275 bucks it's like 275 bucks for a full week of 15 free drinks like that's that's the price the value of that deal is ridiculous no I haven't been on a cruise since I've been able to drink because even though you're on a cruise and you're out in international waters like it's still like an American boat so you still can't drink unless you're 21 now that I am legal oh dude we're going on a cruise we're going to go somewhere cheap like Progresso in Cozumel we're going to we're going to get like a cheap Crews will go like banana boating or something for our excursions yeah well we can do the bar hopping Excursion of course it that is going to be one of the greatest experiences yeah do you know what a bar hopping Excursion is dude I did it we hate fucking did it you did one I didn't need an Excursion I didn't immediately need to be on any trip I went to New Orleans and went bar hopping down what's the street called famous route oh Bourbon Street I went bar hopping down Bourbon Street at 18 years old throwing them my ID my regular ass ID just handing it to bartenders they'd grab it they look at it for a millisecond handed back of the calf fun and I'd walk in a bar and I order my in this is in Louisiana on Bourbon Street in New Orleans well you know they get away with someone from every street because even when I went to Bourbon Street with my mom before I left oh yeah we had gone on this food at sure and people were like you're in the military like you can drink like I don't give a fuck that you can drink and so I was getting drinks like yeah I didn't like no problem yeah I was walking into just straight up straight up ass bars on Bourbon Street and me and my buddy would just go in there and we would just get as we would get the best shots and we would order a beer and would be on to the next one yep we made it to the end of Bourbon Street blackout of course I left Bourbon Street and an ambulance doo-dah doo-dah still have the pictures of like the mountains of ice beer cans like you said what happens like when you enter the Gates of Heaven and you don't have like a gate made out of those ideas Michelob Ultra remember that shit that's the dude that was fucking awesome alright so that was when I mention that bar-hopping Excursion that was the craziest thing that's ever that was one of the craziest one of the scariest things that ever happened to me right we had gone on the Carnival Cruise yeah one of the cheaper Cruz is you can go all over the place it's you know great ships you have a lot of fun on we went to Jamaica or I'm sorry not to make it to the Bahamas with Parker yeah yeah yeah when you the one you were supposed to fucking go on I did hold on all right so we had gone it was me parking and his brother and I thought we had trip dude it was fucking crazy we had these girls that we had met on the boat we wanted to do our own excursion away from the family so as you know he was 18 or 19 at the time so one of the only things he could do to kind of stay within our budget was like this $50 or hopping an Excursion right so you think $50 for bar-hopping scourging that's nothing okay you get three free drinks at every bar damn all right I mean there are five bars damn five okay we still bought drinks yeah you go to the first one and it was this really cool like cheeky hot out in the middle of nowhere well the girl that I was with you play a game and you get one shot to make a bull's-eye from like this crazy distance and if you do you get you and your party a shot of what's called like this Dragon's Tongue or like a dragon's tooth I came to that Dragon something and it's a shot of just this super Opie fucking alcohol we had all missed and it was her turn dude perfect fucking Bullseye all right catch the bartender's that worked there were little like okay y'all line up against the wall so we lined up against a wall with our backs on the wall and our hands on the on the wall and they're like okay we're going to pour y'all shots the last person to finish like they're shot like the last person to put their drink down has to drink another one all right so we all run over there take a shot put him down I was the last person to put my phone down now that because I did it yeah 110 I did it on purpose okay so then I had another shot then we went to the next place and the next place was like where we got some food and like we got to like sit in these hot tubs and it was more like margaritas and things like that okay they're still fucking strong and when you drink three of them within 20 minutes that's ridiculous so then we go to the next one and the next one and each one was different like we danced at one and like we had food at one and then we just chilled in a hot tub at one and then one was like a tiki bar okay well the last one was it was like this dance floor and it's a bar we're in the middle of it it's like a it's like an extra like five feet below the ground and the bars around it and you walk downstairs to get into the dance floor so we're down there dancing drunk as fuck like not like literally no idea what's going on around us like it's just us we're just having fun Bloody Mary's shots drink after drink after fucking drink after drink after drink okay all of a sudden part was like dude oh my God it's five o'clock and we were like bro the ship leaves in like 10 minutes oh shit okay we were easily 30 minutes walking distance from that ship when they dropped us off at the last place we didn't know that they were coming back to come get us like we were that we were like we had split off from the rest of the group to like stay at this one bar we had lost track of time because we were all drunk we literally drunk as fuck started running to try to get to the boat okay you can see it's like a dock like when you get to that the last one like it's almost like in a circle like they take you to in a bar so we're the last bar that you go to is close to the ship we literally started fucking running to get to this ship which is running around drunk as fuck dude tossed she ended up pulling up beside us like seeing us because someone had alerted them that we were not there yet and so she started hunting for us and ended up finding us and dropped us off at the entrance to get back onto the ship with three minutes remaining before the ship took off dude three motherfucking minutes do that's terrifying do you know what happens if you don't make it you get left nothing sorry about it sorry pal you're stuck yeah you pay for your own flight to get home if you don't have your passport good luck yeah that's terrifying hey you got some good advice about that though if you're ever in a foreign country and like you lose everything like your ID passport go to an embassy we have embassies everywhere go to an embassy well I don't know if I don't think Bahamas are there not a u.s. territory but it wouldn't have been a problem and you know we have been because you spent well ya Coulda found one well yeah yes for sure but like we didn't have you know we didn't have cash on us or anything like that so what you would have been it would have been tough you know we didn't tell everybody you know we didn't tell our bank like hey we might be spending money in the Bahamas we had cash by that time it would have been really tough like that probably would have been a client like it would've been really tough would have been a really scary situation we could have been left like it was just it was just wild so yeah through certain experiences I've kind of learned to control you know yeah alcohol intake a little bit but I'll tell you what when I was in Nola and I left Bourbon Street and a fucking ambulance and I woke up in a fucking Hospital yeah bro that was pretty scary damn dude yeah damn crazy scary as fuck waking up in a hospital was probably got to be like one of the biggest oh fuck moments of like your entire life yeah like you just go from this is an awesome night too did I just die I'm in bed you wake up with Hobbies I just know I woke up bro I woke up in the waiting room oh yeah yeah so they got me in an ambulance took me to the hospital and sat me in the waiting room and that was it bro I could like they said I had a blood they took my blood alcohol content they did all that I guess in the ambulance or whatever point to hey you're drunk at .08 yeah silly women yeah I was point to yeah that's crazy I had Jack Daniels flowing through my blood yeah sosuke you probably could have sold it yeah really cause Mike alcoholic did I woke up the next morning felt fantastic felt amazing and I had no idea what happened did you did you get anything done and hospital or did you just leave right after that I don't really know I just I remember waking up in like a waiting room and then I woke back up in mom about him do so you're just in and out yeah it was insane dude it's amazing the stories they probably gave me an IV in in the ambulance or something cuz they're like because they set out like they said I wasn't speaking like English properly hmm like that I was like saying like giraffe donkey horse likes like stupid stuff like it was crazy Yeah, just wait till we tell you I'm more about art fuck-ups. How did is going to be great. I mean fuck up stood like we've learned from them. But what some experiences? All right, man. These are think it's time to to wrap it up. Yeah, man, we got a good good little hour and a half and so man. We can't wait for the next episode. We got we got some special guests coming to we're going to be popping out a good amount of content this week. We're trying to ramp it up to Where it's not just you know one episode a week when we get around to if we can so it's just consistent content, you know, you can always hop on you always have a new podcast to listen to some chemical for sure. We want to keep you guys around. Well guys. Thank you all so much for your support. Thank you for tuning in. If you've made it this far just now we are so excited for the future for sure. Maybe we have so much stuff planned so many things that we want to do with this is just a great opportunity. for everybody that's listening and I One listener in Puerto Rico right now shout out shout out dude first first first one outside the Continental 50 states babe that's tepes fuck dude I can't wait man but thank you guys so much for listening stay tuned we're going to be pushing out another episode here pretty soon absolutely all right adios gawker's much love