Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just Any Indian Fleur he is a YouTuber one of my favorite YouTubers to be honest. I really I don't think that's a lime and digital content creator Garry put summer hands together for a blast together. I knew it. I saw that coming. I saw that guy honestly. I am an event that's that's not that's not Let me watch my last video what else - you can't call yourself a finally no. Diarrhea Dario's good that you did. That was really good man. Yeah, that was something else. I got Flack for it for by the way. I mean you did call this on collision applauded to watch it before you you have an opinion and yeah who wrote the lyrics the lyrics are actually very good. The lyrics is Adam and I we wrote together so My part I did I wrote it myself and then he spot he did himself. Yeah, and then we came together a genius. That was a good it was my only proper collaboration. Honestly. The rest is everything I do the person comes and just takes everything just like, oh sure. Okay. So for those of you are a bit lost yet we can once again he is a YouTuber his YouTube channel is V cowl. I got that right. I got it, right miss Warren. I know it's a surprise right before we kick off our episode for real today because we need to keep the lights on it's not okay. I saw that there was no not from our sponsor this week. Okay a second today's. Sewed is probably paid for by Ian Ian my idol and savior. My reason is Ian Ian is how I dress and Ian is my Mantra some guests are too big to be on this show. And that is Ian in his every black T-shirt with jeans. You are Ian is the wave in your hair Ian paid for this to happen. So Ian is life Ian. And there you go. I fucking start bro. What the fuck was that guys? I didn't know what the fuck was going on. All right, let me know little me. He broke our sponsor I got to do a read on the who is it? You find out here. I'm just as shocked as all eight of you again a bit of a back story. That is add. This is the only time going to see it because I don't promote him too much. So my colleague Ian on hits my partner on his money grew he has been wanting to come on his podcast is a guess. Okay, I refuse to bring him on because see my fucking table. Okay. Alright. So what is the point in the morning with him on it work and then bringing him on and I think no, I mean not a podcast. So he's like, you know what I'm a fucking P to be on your podcast. So there you go. There you go. Thank you. Again. Thank you Ian our new overlords. This is yes, we owe you you are black T-shirt and whatever now we can world is back in the studio with us not back in studio. But now we kick up every episode. Fashion Week with a sweet dude that that song just threw me off man seems so what if I check is because because it's a fashion pot we talk about what you're wearing today who you're wearing from Hit to toll on it. Okay. So if you're ready, you can take it away man from from top to bottom. Let's go. All right wasn't prepared for this. Okay. This is I don't know who made this but this was a gift from someone. I was dating. Oh, what's the thing was the thing to wear? It wasn't even a date. I was just like a tutu to dating. And then he gave me this is good quality. But if our listeners is really good is boyfriend material - yeah friends because I love friends. And and when I were gone I did we talk about what you watch and I remember say I watch friends and next thing I know she got me this. Yeah. And until now I'm very okay for the keeper for the listeners who cannot see obviously you're wearing a black friends who defends a TV show and for Mexico famine not good friends, as did execs like accepting the Rumpy pumpy. Are you life? And this is the only thing that is your damn Daddy. This is all useless. Like it's the only one that I are you single I'm single now. That's why I love this all know. You'll I didn't know you made a YouTube money man is not true. Like, okay. What about your bottoms my bottoms if I'm not mistaken, you're wearing Surfer shorts them reading some shorts. I can't remember where exactly I got this mmm, but I know it. It's damn ugly because my friends have told me that what the fuck are you wearing them? But but it's like it's short and it's not that shot. It goes to the knees. Right? Right and apparently guys are not supposed to enter their knees it should yeah, so you knew that you're coming on a fashion podcast and you why your It was I didn't know is literally what passion how just called passion pakka. All right, it's not really efficient for you. Just drop your knee. Okay, your Footwear my Footwear. Oh, there's my favorite girl. That's so funny as well because I am I went to Bali last week, right and I left my slippers there and now I wore a sleeper that my ex bought me an actual a different order actual X. So you are dressed by the better than before. Do you by any by Sir? I think my boxes and stuff. I'd only again, where's your bottles from from Thailand Thailand? There's no brand what I know brand right in the mall by. Okay. Are you wearing any accessories? Are you an accessories person? I have a watch but a completely for any lost it in but I didn't I didn't lose any thanks girlfriend buddy right here all week. Our green hair was like and I know this request was blood, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In that brown becomes shit green. Why do we supposed to be silver silver silver and then somehow I just feel it too like this color Okay silhouette looks kind of green now. Yeah, so only last week I got it done. All right last week. No. No, you got us through those people will do if the shipment of course, that's why I looked at one of your Instagram postings and having skin commented on your hair this bitch comments on everything I do man. Like I feel like he at this point he doesn't know what else he wants to do online. So the only thing he just goes around people come out and get a big cloud out of that fucking bitch calling motherfuckers out. Okay, so we got World our best dress guess so far so far. He came in this home shots his slippers from Bali and the way from Thailand who D days. It's not like that. The deal for me you are a man you are the man is a rebel if I ever heard of it. That was the quickest to actually ever so that rabbit done. Now we go we want to get into this next segment, which is very important. We find out usually who the hell are you? It's a bit of a brief lot of what you do and for the people who are listening or six of them who don't know who you are. Tell them. It's a what I do is I'm a YouTuber first. I create content. I love making music. I love I love entertaining people as a general. That's what I call myself as an Entertainer and like every other influence. I don't like to be called influencers. Okay? I'm not an influencer. And yeah, that's what I do. I will you close up hunting content creator content creator. Okay. Yeah, but you only so content-wise. Do you only consider yourself a video content creator or is that more? Is there more to that like now? You know what you mean? Of course you started on YouTube, right? Okay, but now you do more content creation. Like are you going to be doing a podcast? I thought your Tik Tok Tok was something I've forced myself to get into because I feel like that's where everyone is related to realize I didn't like it at all. Right, right. You know funny thing about Tick Tock is that once again to take talk that following pitch is just just glued to it because it is yeah, that's what that's what a friend of mind gebo from fly of them for this was the objects that you want. A lot of hot chicks a lot of what she is addicted to. And I think the longest a good 45 minutes wasted my time watching this dumbass videos Call of time 45 minutes. I know what are we doing? How long have you been in the game now doing YouTube. I've started YouTube long time ago as a passion as I started YouTube just to illustrate my About six years ago seven years ago. Okay. I remember I was doing my a-levels everyone to studying and this is during exam time. I told myself, you know where everyone is so stressed out. Let's let's check them out even more submit is annoying as videos and somehow back then YouTube is not you don't find many YouTube Creator social media to get the numbers up. Yeah, and then from there slowly I realized oh people she's like all this stuff. I started experimenting my content and now I do now discuss stuff. Okay sing about diarrhea thing about diarrhea dump. Shit. Now you make money annoying people. Yeah, that is a FlexPay. That is goals. Yeah, cause not many people can say that this has nothing to do with fashion. Okay, but it has everything to do with your race. This quiz is called. How much are you? All right. I had no involvement. I have no involvement again. I'll fucking gonna answer questions as well. Yeah, here we go even now. Ok, lol. On a scale of one to ten how Indian would you see? I feel like I'm only a five. Okay. I feel like one of your five but my friends around me think I'm an eight. Oh shit. There's a big disparity and looking at life and what are they judging that 8 based on? I don't know. Okay. I really don't know because number one. I can't speak proper Tempo. So that is self. Like I feel like I don't come three-point not they are not coffee point right never driven a lorry before I've never driven a lot of people. True and I never used to drink as well. Never you only Lobby no nothing. None of that shit only like last year's that they drink a little bit wet travel a little bit a little bit. Okay. This is gonna be an interesting test for you right now. Here we go. Your first question vika Indians. They greet each other by saying a word, which means hello or welcome. What is this word? Oh wow. Is it hello? I know it but the pressure is making okay. I'll give you a hint. Okay, when people go for yoga. They always say this uh-huh. It starts with the letter n does it look like he goes to yoga. Enjoy my a my tongue. Oh my God. Shitman, yeah only need to do I'll be honest like this this quiz. I got off the internet. I took it myself and he got 60 out of hundred demolished Malaysian. I should get more relevant is the best in your next question is Lucas. You wanna hit him with it, which of the following popular forms of exercise originates in India and is practiced worldwide is not Comedy Company company company a spot. Is it? Yeah. Exercise Rob the edge of the cup that was a joke. There was running a sport is a formal status. I said it just now in fact company is a sport. Oh my God. Next question is your turn. Which of these is or are a part of Indian cuisine? In multiple choice, uh, okay. Hey Mowgli. I don't know if I'm saying this right be Gujarati see Punjabi and D all of the above the first one because II the B and C was like a race or something like that Gujarati and Punjabi song race. All part of Indian cuisine as in food. Yeah, Indian Cuisine, I guess Punjabi food Le I don't know. I don't know. How does this tell me if I mean? Hey y'all need to know this game Indian membership card. Okay, fair enough boy we go for four options are a sorry. What was the question again? Indian history? Where did the Portuguese Merchants first come from? A Goa be Mumbai see alibag D the kanyakumari coast. I only know go and Mumbai, so I'm just going to shoot my short Mumbai. Why don't you love me? Now Lucas. Okay question number 6. What is the most common last name among Indian Americans in the u.s. There's no options here. You just gotta guess you shouldn't watch come on. I'll give you a hint to pee but they'll shit you are trying to redeem yourself right now your last and final question. Blank is India's leading Bollywood movie star and a former Miss World. She is an ambassador of L'Oreal cosmetics. By the way, L'Oreal sponsor the pot and also has the distinction of being the first Indian actress to be on the jury of Khan film festival 2003 and is a regular at the event since then. What is her name, Aishwarya Rai? Not bad job my time. So that's a 4 out of 6, right. You have that four out of seven by seven. Okay, not bad. We got world. Yes podcast living room is such a good song. It's such a good song. We are about to move on to our next segment. We gotta we call this mess with don't mess with me. Now. Look at you and explain to him what mess with your mess with this idea basically is just like what you like what you don't like simple right? You should rename this what you like what you don't know. Okay, so we don't mess with any time and it makes more intimate. All right now doesn't have to be fashion brand any brand in your life right now. It could be camera equipment condoms. Yeah, whatever. What brands are you messing with? What brands you like right now? Like Fossil watch isil. I'll be sponsoring you not really. Okay, they sure are. Yes, you're a YouTuber. See you must be very well versed with are you know camera equipment some of that that's not true. That's really not true man. Well, I'm gonna pretend to learn like I know my shit. Yeah, they tell us what are you using? And then okay what g7x mach 2. Okay. This is a really good camera though, right right point and shoot point and shoot. I use this one blocked as well. Hmm and so far. It's been like three years. Okay, no problem. Yeah, so which is why I would definitely go with Kenan. Okay, so think about about the I mean, he's our listeners out there, you know budding YouTubers but being funny aspiring YouTubers to be like you right definitely want to write about shit as well. Okay. So yeah, so what is good setup for them, you know, like from cameras to compute like editing software go go nuts, man. Okay editing software 100% adopt Premiere Pro, but some people call it Adobe. How how do y'all call it? I used that to edit. You can put another are you Indian about it as well? What do you think? You think I pay for it? Of course? No, man, that shit's expensive. So I use Adobe Premiere Pro for videos and also usually I just borrow from my friends if it's like the theme of Friends With You Mozart Thomas G ones equipment has a lot of equipment right here. Okay, so you leave that a bunch of us. We just borrow each other's equipment for me. I have a drone. The only expensive shit that I write in terms of like equipments the only camera I have is this and a Canon 700d. Okay, I don't use it anymore. Yeah, it is very old race. This is this Lucas's feels so your attack guys that you know idea if you only pretend I'm just high knees. I look like this that's up. You ask me guys, but you guys have like a really good. This is Sony rate. But for me, usually if it's like a music video set up and all usually my friends would settle the equipment's and whatnot. So I don't usually for me. The only thing I pay attention is the content. Where do you get this shit onesie? I actually bought it from Amazon. You still you still had and still have it. I will answer honestly with the whole diarrhea video. I'm super disappointed with it, but I really liked it. Like this was the kind of shit that I like to ready. Yeah. Literally the shitty part is that when I released the video I lost Purrs - what's up and my Instagram? I don't know why I don't know why maybe it's because he's not ready for dumbest humor. Like right right for me. I like to I like to experiment experiment my content. I do have a really dumb videos. I also have like serious stuff. Like I do have content on like suicide awareness like terrorism and all stuff but somehow like the shit didn't work out rela. Okay. Yeah. I'll get back to brand. So your drone is a is it a DJI? Yeah, maybe how much do you spend on that man? How much is one of these things cost? If I'm not mistaken when I got it. It was about 3 or 4 K. Okay, and I think it's one of the best investments because number one it's a it's a super small equipment. You can carry it everywhere you go and whenever I go traveling and that's the thing I carry and whenever work with Brands mmm when they have like when there's drone shots, you can always say charge extra and stuff. That's the only reason I got it. Yeah, yeah production value, right? Right, right. Yes borrow everything else and just have your drone guys. Don't listen to his advice. Definitely a PC guy. I feel like people use Mecca using Mac. Huh? And I feel like people who do not operate cameras laptops at the ones who uses make because number one. It doesn't crash Mac doesn't crash at all. So it's a safer option for if you don't know how to use your own fix this but you see if you look at the specs and all the same specs was for PC you can get for way cheaper price. Yeah, whatever. It is rich. Rich is one thing that which is which is another thing like in this pen. And the guy who came in regular salesmanship then I was telling him. Oh, yeah, but it's quite expensive. Why don't you go ahead why didn't go and get Del. He told me he saw that is so much better is so much cheaper. And you know Mac. Yeah, it's just for the looks and all that and wow, and he's like dude the specs on the Dell. Now, you can't nowadays. You can get better than a Mac. Why name is any cost so much less and now he has no job. I said damn on this guy. Yeah, I'm very honest guy. So I think we need more people like that. Right? We definitely need but as a boss if I owned the store, I'll be pissed man. Holy shit like that. Yeah fair enough. Okay. So take them out. Hmm. How about this banana leaf in here? Oh best banana. Okay. Here's the thing. Also, I don't really and the reason why I say I'm number five is it race? That's awesome, but it's not at all. It's not at all that the reason why I said I'm fine. When it comes to the Indian skills because I don't enjoy Indian food fuck off. I swear to God. Are you bro shit. I do like Chinese food. Kids on my better looking better looking. Yeah, right. Yeah, they're talking about the food element, right? So you're not doing it food. What do you do? Actually, my number one food is always Malaysia Malaysia food Malaysian Indonesian. Your mama, baby. Mama baby is fine. But I specifically like my Indonesian like I am paying it and drop some of my favorite places, LOL listen to him my favorite this place that I feel with this knowing what their favorite this place that I go. Oh two is always one wrong pojo in a military Court. Have you heard of military Carpenter? So one pojos, I'm going to put your I like I also like a kitchen the chicken is walking. I like that shit to that's really good. Other than that. This is really nice spaghetti carbonara and it's place called 300 in demands are otama. Okay. It's an uptown diamond. Right opposite of Uptown is the master of turmeric. Yes Great Is Right opposite of styling more? Oh, yeah, which sounds pretty big entrance. They get to see that. G by rho. Okay. Okay. So food is Comet. What do you not messing with? What kind of food do you hate besides Indian food? I don't hate Indian food. Uh, Woody is good though. What a hit. I don't hit anything, but I don't eat pork and beef and by choice by choice Rust Park number one. Yes, Mellie is Heckman. I don't know how you change it because it that shit everyday is disgusting. Okay. Like I don't like eating animals that look weird. They're lupus and yeah Lucky Pick. It's weird-looking. You don't eat that counselor. Well, fuck manual leadership chickens. This is the craziest or justification. Yeah, man, I I'm stunned smelliness, but it's not. Battersea Park D'Elia. Yeah, okay. I get I get the pot. Yeah, actually he's not cooked. Well then something happened but people don't know so well boy. Yeah, wow bow Corrido so you got to try it but when it comes to be for the reason why I don't eat beef is because my family I'm Hindu. Yeah, but I'm not religious person. So I grew up not eating the meat now. I feel like eating for it's like a foreign meat so it's a bit weird. With it. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Nice. All right, let's talk about movies that for a second. Are you on Netflix? Yes, I am. Yes. What are you watching what he messing with and what you're not messing with kid right now. I'm watching a knockos Mexico season to start on that by haven't even finished the whole thing. I'm like, I think I pisode for five decent good show. How did you okay good so far as goodbye is still not as good as I don't knock coaster the first one the public about. I know it's not the same thing, but it's not as good as that obviously because number Is about Pablo Pablo is different level. Yeah, but the whole storyline and his great love I love I love nachos so it's okay. What else are you watching on Netflix? What else would you recommend? Hmm. I was watching are you as really use reusable really good choice. We've been trying to tell him to stop but he refused. No, I want you to really enjoy what is okay. I felt like season one was better season one definitely is I didn't watch yeah. Yeah. Just what I just watched the the summary, you know now you gotta want somebody enter the memes that yeah, so you think I don't think so. I don't think it's gonna be good. She just stopped as I'm watching looking Keela. Okay, how was it? Okay, it's not bad is not I can't even I can't even see what genre it is man. It's like it's like so random dude. It's like is that horror a bit Thriller be like he's not in real life. So it's a good easy. Hmm, not bad pretty good. All things considered it's better than who assesses that is for damn. Sure. Have you seen who was as in that order, but I never heard of him. What have you tried watching? But you know, it's just like absolute crap and you just couldn't you know, besides Singapore social entities that guy was replacing of what I've tried watching. I tried watching The Witcher. I know I know that which is a good show, but it's I don't know Mike or is it not I've been trying if I just tried to watch it. Then I couldn't I don't like the game as well. Okay, I don't like Skyrim. I don't like I don't like all that stuff as well. Yeah, my thing is, okay. So what about video games? And I mean students Lucas cyberpunk, nothing. I think my best favorite game is a far cry reinforces my around new people. I don't like this kind of stories so which is why I just don't enjoy the movie and halfway through the song and I don't want to listen to so you need to make a thriller Tamil movies Thrillers. There are a bunch of the movie trailers, which is like very comedy based those are good movies, but it's still not something that I would like put myself to any three hours long. All the families too. Fucking long is too long. Are you guys fans or any of the trilogy's that were you know, like, you know, Blockbuster trilogies, come on guy more fan of Star Wars than lot Rings. Okay, but I'm okay with that was because anything after the original tree line for me is like fuck it up vika. I don't watch any of this even like all the superhero movies. You don't like it. Oh Marvel on I only know to be fair or sound was the last two movies The Avengers and just because of Hybrid, same thing up - because I got a free Syria show. That's the only reason I went to watch. I don't be afraid just like I don't know how my God enjoy this because it's so pretty, you know, what's gonna happen right right in order to pairs going to win? So what's the point of you wasting your time watching it? It's fantasy man. It takes you to another worries porn shit. Hi Holly since you guys let's talk about porn and okay Vic our world. All right, so you're PornHub. Mmm. What's on my PornHub? Yeah. What sites do you go to what I was your top three? It's porn hub XVideos and exams the xHamster. Oh my God, that's why I never use my Safari for anything else always open Chrome. Safari is VPN stuff. Okay, but what kind of porn are you into? I don't believe I go in this house we are. Oh, yeah the movie thing right now. Yeah, I just before that. I just want to give a shout out and see the parasite is if you watch a good movie and Joker was a really good movies to me is really good. We can we want to pawn it. Love it. Love it. All right, it's supposed to under the category of movie. So yeah, it's production value so different guys have different styles different guys. I do different salt on let's let's start with the basics again. What do you normally search for in the search tab when you go and look at pain or do you see what? What's on the recommended page I would see on the recommended page for this is all bullshit. It's not it's fixed to my style of video. All right. Yeah, because I don't hide mine. I don't go Incognito Minds. Is that okay? Right. So it's it kept us to what I watch and stuff Rowdy watch the most. What way what about you guys say because I don't There are certain times where I like like all this like Nuru spa massage has won the stepmom and don't don't act like you never seen that shit. Everybody has seen that video the stepmom and the son of you wash, right? Yeah the series Bad stepmom. That's good. And and I also sometimes like like Malay pain kind of thing where they move them cell phone shoot themselves like this quality is fucking bad, but As I recall is about Pareto Le like something about like male porn is interesting because the fact that it's so hard time for them. It makes like a fuck. This is silly like this is wrong for Noah must remove for so long the local Productions line look up right? It's sort of like I know like all this from Milan right or shit. My man my land, you know me is happening in the lake nearby. This was shot in bukit Jalil 51 say oh my God. That was so like all these like, you know, it's a wrestling wrestling bell. Fuck. This is all news to me man. This is knew you loved me if I think anything, what do I search when I say you just such like nude fighting nude wrestling not guy and guy with Lila a girl and guy new resolution guy and gynae resting his gorgeous double double the same thing. This is little Point hop to watch wrestling not exactly wrestling is just the idea of like fighting fighting. I remove clothes that's looks alright, this is my necklace. And I think other than that other than this is normal point. I want it. I like salad with you and so like I like the movie scenes movie since I was all missed. Skin and on the skin, but now he don't have to know so mr. Skin is the website. Site that does grabs from movies with a nude scenes really off like celebrities. What the fuck is a few lie, that's not used to be good. Now you have to in order for you to watch you have to put your credit card details and I know I just stop fucking with them anymore. Yeah as to my Leslie Newton, mr. Skinner. Okay. Okay, so get out well talking since we're on the topic of that right I like to recommend one of my top searches oh my God property sex I know and it all my God I've seen that the oh my God I was gonna say Property Group so that's what that's the property website where you can search for in itself it's probably a property so these sex yeah so such a realistic for me I like oh Elsa real estate yeah real said six it's a necklace oh it's like really I still come to sell the house yeah like that you know also like mates and all right I've never seen the movie He's our SNP this house or whatever but you want to fuck and Bam The Palms, right so and it's a property one's really good. I'll put this good. Um, I also English because good is so fake Hospital like hospitals good. So okay that you bringing this kind of videos. Yeah, right. Right, right. So let's break down the Pawn Stars Then login we get did Lily. Oh, no, you haven't finished your Lisette walk. Yeah, probably sex bat stepmoms. That's really good. I like you like I'm classic guy a bang bus. I still revisit the old ones. I've been married. Freaking and international. Wow, you should check out the chairman snow walking on in the Spanish one is good. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the that's what our partners about. Okay. So Pawn Stars wise, who are you fucking with? It hasn't called me names and names. Okay. So sometimes just cool. Is this random? I don't like pain starts. Honestly, right? I don't like how they look I sent the videos. No, no don't remember a criminal is bro. Okay. All right. Oh my god. Do I have to do everything? Yeah. Okay, if you like if you like I'm gonna just hit you don't like big tits then I don't mean like big tits like massive tits. No, he's not my thing. It's not my thing. Yeah. So Kimmy Granger is good. Give me greater is very good. I know and what else In Edge, okay, obviously porn star names pristine age. Kimmy Granger. I just burped. Okay. Well, I'm a pig man. Oh my God. I'm a pig. Yeah, there's your side while talking about with that go to property sex and all that and then you sort of sort of a week the next year. I recommend you someone like, oh, we got it anything else ever had before we close the door. I haven't heard right in the inner Corner. No indeed. Recommended this like a minute. All right. Ah, no, I don't like it. Okay fair enough. I don't like it because you what about you don't like it. I thought you recommend at least bro, you're recommending this and type in this specific shit, like real estate showing a two-bedroom apartment sex when your wash Pond y'all do it in it or y'all just watch it. Sometimes like a let's be honest. Yeah sometimes Sometimes sometimes I think yeah, just watch it. Yeah, just for fun. Okay, and there's nothing good on Netflix. And what are you gonna do the deed? I have a friend right a friend who's married and some like here another City newspaper come over and like he tells me so I cannot wait to go home early from work. Okay before his wife gets home. So they can watch porn. What the fuck is. This is like the time when I drive home fast, but his driveway Henry doesn't know about it. I mean, I don't think that's a good question. I don't think it is studio audience is watching porn with all your wife knowing considered cheating less. Again, the comments below comment section and maybe we should take this on to take away table. So you can talk more suited for oh my God Raj Mahal on is. All right. So before we close the topic of mess with don't mess with porno stuff anything else you wanna add vika and he had recommendations. Do you figure ass when you wow, yeah. As you can tell awkward silence, so that wraps up mess with don't measure Now we move on to another very important segment here on this podcast vika World. Um, it's called Les be honest. Now how this game works is very simple here. We take turns asking each other but had to answer questions, but you must always start your question with let's be honest. Okay. All right now here in the world's number one fashion podcast. We are honest with one another I think with them on is this now? Yeah, we don't lie. Uh, no, we don't and we tell it to you like it is. Okay. So look at him with the first one man. Let's be honest because world fuck marry kill. Oh my God. Okay gun, even Harvin skin and packaged meal. Fuck marry kill. Yep. Mary would be given because he has low money men kill would be I think kill would be hydrant easier to kill him. Fuck would be prakash Daniel. Oh, he's got like and cuddle up. His beard right it man. Okay. Okay. Let's see me fmk. I got regular know I know right but at least you guys gave me a girl's name man. Okay buddy system we talked about because they know stuff like Ru Ru well versed with the local comedy scene. Yes, I do visit the the what you call that comedy was once in a while like cows and all that. Yeah, right, right, right. Yeah and who would you say is your favorite comedian in Malaysia right now? I would say the funniest guy right now would be in Malaysia. Don't see yourself. I don't know. I don't think I have one. Hmm. I don't think I have one. Okay. Yeah, who's your most absolutely hate that comedian? You cannot stand don't see yourself. Come on lady don't need to be Indian comedian here in my lap. You know what? I think I think I think I really like his sense of Comedy like shouting angry shouting. Yeah. But gay the least favorite I would say I don't I don't have a name. So I really don't. Okay. Yeah. Alright diplomatic. I like it. All right. Now your turn to ask us and let's be honest person. Okay for the both of you throughout this whole episode this whole thing that you guys have been 31 episode series, which guess you hit the most popular of should we give our usual and the over this case is with us, you know. Let's be honest like oh my God, then I don't hate you. But I'm still waiting for your reply damn phone you Boutique me, you know another blue take a fuck. So that is kind humble people. I'm gonna get it people are busy and you know, of course, we don't pay them to be a cosmic to them, you know, you know him pretty busy. Maybe now, he's got more time. Just saying just saying, He might reply my message to my DM. Whatever. I hope that answers your question. Let's be honest vika you cast some really hot girls in your videos sometimes. Okay. Have you ever used your YouTube celebrity status to bait one of these girls to go out with you or by you just a hoody has on think I actually have but this is a I don't want to share this story or not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The question is Little Wonder, okay. This is a while I think about two years ago rights not a while but okay. I caught him household is girl this Chinese girl, but I of course, he's got some Penang right? Right, right. I don't mention names. Like I think I mentioned names she came. She was a fan ways. I think on Facebook we started yapping on Facebook. She came down to Malaysia and kale. We went out at Ida and then somehow she fell in love right only two days two times in Maryland learned of the whole we should be together then for me, like wow, it's not a dog one. Yeah, long story short now. She's a Christian and she completely changed her. She blocked me everywhere. Yeah changed got into Christianity, right? Because I think we sort of like when we did it there was a first time as well. I feel like an asshole you are an asshole. Yeah. Basically, you fuck the sin of the world. I mean technically I let her to the light. You are a real Indian blood that is such an interesting to do you rob the vagina? No, we didn't now we didn't I didn't do it. I don't think I dropped her virginity. That's very honest. I can't leave him here. All right. Now your task is another one your last one the gate. Okay. Let's see shit. I didn't prepare my God. Okay. Did you I know you're single guy, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let me see. Don, t know what I'm doing to use your same question back to you. Okay, right cause I really can't think of any right now right? Have you used your celebrity status go with someone and I'm not celebrities. Yeah, I mean, you're so ugly. That means okay. I've never used And a conversation there so it's like oh, you know, they're not necessarily fans but because they recognize you and there's something we talked about earlier, right? So I guess to them maybe and I'm not bragging here but today maybe like they find it fascinating like what we do, of course, I find you know, what other people do person Like you for example, like other YouTubers are the celebrities. So like I think subconsciously you kind of use that to your advantage like you needed a punching that God. So yeah, I'm sure it's happened. But I think more often than not you use our status for the lack of a better word to get benefits like, you know, that's like getting into yeah getting in the club skipping lines or you know, so you've pulled the a use See my Bluetec no, no, you don't you don't you don't say now right but then you know people get a recognized then you use it. Yeah, so unfortunately that's how it works. All right, so I have yeah, but not together. Have you got you use it to get out of parking ticket or like oh that was once with a call the cops. I think I was speeding or something. I want to stop and the cops came like, oh you the because I have this episode called check good weakness on my Instagram. So so that's where I get along with my lay audience. Yeah, and I think that's where Can I feel like I owe you take the witness that I'm like yeah. Omaha was pounding the haha like Bing you guys won't understand being an Indian in Malaysia. When a police stops you it's just different level of fear. I swear you won't understand shit so much and he's really sweating man. The guy comes and then I'm like he was speeding and all but like it's okay line collegium board and then he just left. Whoa, you got a fan in the cops love. Okay. Okay. Thanks for being honest. Last one Lucas. Yeah, that's a no. Yeah, let's be honest, which Malaysian YouTuber can you not stand call motherfuckers out bro? Okay besides then cool. No, it's okay. The main thing that meeting boys came on and we are remember the shit out of the question and that was answered and cool. We went on that Mary Rose additional then cool. I saw him like two days ago. Maybe we love you Dan kind Safari. Come on the Potter. I'm guessing a girlfriend. Yes. Exactly Malaysian YouTuber. Yeah. Can I just say influences in general? Yes can can can and you know, tell us what you cannot stand about that comment or whatever Allah. Yeah, okay. During this a name drop names that I can like. No, no, no and says I'm fluent you would probably know more than I do but nothing's coming - skin. I'm gonna hit him, but I don't like hate him and stuff. Yeah epis is MM. You just really don't like episode. I know I do. He's another one. Okay, who else let's see Jen. She has taught at a top you there's no fucking with ginger. Yeah. Yeah, I think I don't I got one. Alright, alright comments. It's another it's not influence. He thinks he is. This guy called kids aren't afraid of him. don't like when people fake the identity online hmm like kid speaks in Malay like as do like he's part of the common I don't like that shit yeah okay that's looking at what would know wouldn't shut the fuck up you don't speak Latin in that case I know me if I still I mean I don't love me I mean like no beef right now he'll be fine I'm just saying I just don't but you know if I could but do you feel like okay cause I know some people are less wine industry and they feel like they do that because they want to pull in the Malay Mark that's just a smart right she's smart but like you don't overdo it oh my God what's that girl's name who does this I don't come on come on I feel like they do this obviously duties McLeod, right? Definitely but is it a smart way even though some people may know take offense to it or don't like what they're doing and stuff. It's definitely 100% Smart Way. Hmm. But like people around you like would realize that your fickler right? I mean I'd answer is yes, it's your what you want in your life. If you want. The numbers is fine. If you want to be authentic, it's up to you. Mmm, like for me, I just don't fuck with shit that you got to be SN influence on artists you got to be real. Hmm interesting. Some like but because I guess some people yeah, it's a business right? It's definitely be since I get so more followers. Unfortunately the world works this way now no more followers means more money. Yeah, that's right and more clout and I guess you know these people that we've mentioned really really feel like they need that sort of cloud to function at how desperate can one person be to do that. Right? Right, right and then getting on writing about ship and getting our dicks off. I don't know how to lie zi can't get with it. Watch what real honey. When you kind of do our Instagram. We don't want it to be exactly this so we can you came to the studio when he interviewed recently on his and we had to do with technology. Oh my god, look it up. Alright that wraps up. Let's be honest for a second. I forgot the name of the segment. Your guy's a mess. You do message. Let's be honest with vika now this modern then This is real name. Is it Miss or so we go on to the next very very important segment. I'm saying most important correct. Now this segment is where we talk about money and the other says you can't do it with no do it because it on today's materialistic world. We cannot do it who you are not fucking whore this segment. Question that nobody likes to ask no-nobody. Nobody likes the answer is well. Nobody is honestly how much money do you mean? Well a month after Texas until text on a good man. Don't tell me you're like a freelancer. I think I can maybe probably 20. Okay, right. That's a very good. It's a very good one. Thank you. That's a very good. Month and what about shit because it's a full-time thing. Yeah, we put 0 like this one you start thinking about fucking stretches and had been engineer doctor. What did you go to school for by the way engineering? Okay, so you are of course. Yeah. I got it. So you are a certified engineer. Yeah civil engineer. This is Brad. You should go check out the TV series that didn't last very long, but I saw see you should go check it out. Very relatable. Okay, so when you decide you decide it, which point to do this full time knowing that you know, you're going to be living the freelance life. And are you okay with that? I was because I like the thrill the fact that you don't know whether we're is going Ian. Boylan Mmm Yeah, that's why I didn't wear Chinese is not a thrill. This is like mother would let you know don't be stupid. They can't rotate but I did prove. I mean I got the degree and while I was studying I was building my YouTube channel. So upon graduating. I got like a I only had like brand-new since we've never had a real job Le the only real job. I had was my internship for three months at the end. That was when I realized I can't fucking do this shit right? I didn't engineering from engineering from 95. I hate. It that life I was working with you instead but doing so nice. It was really nice. But I just didn't like the whole working environment cake, right? So here's your another nine to five guys. I really can't do that. Yeah powered. You forget who you're messin room, but I mean, I'm not gonna lie once in a while something like, oh is this the right path and some accountancy time some chatter golden course, I do. Yeah. Yeah. So like you said you worry sometimes right? Yeah. She's a freelance like, yeah, and you said on a good man you make like 20 grand? Okay on a In mind it can be zero could be zero. So let's see like okay on an average in a year. How many good months would you get next question on? Oh, right. I just wanted I'm curious right? What's the frequency of Goodman's? Yeah frequency of good man problem will be six six two seven six two seven. Good month 67 Goodman's but when I say good not like 20 good very good special branded projects then. yeah so with your lawyer your you know with your channel how much do you make some money from that every month from you mean like Google AdSense has yeah don't worry little I don't depend on Google AdSense at all like you to money you steal money is this comes once in a while then like it's just like a surprise oh shit like look at his mm you know me after like what two three ones so yeah so mostly is Brandy mostly spend this year so how can you taking notes and I am we gotta be somewhere man and who your most did this thing don't pay for itself huh we're gonna get more every day this morning he annoy any aliens median my tutu okay to thanks dear so there you go okay maybe by I still am much more curious about this right so how can a person let's say if one of the listeners right now I want to be a YouTuber tomorrow how can it be Jimmy boy you know it's hot G boys level Ginny boss level is so hard man yeah like go back in time maybe yeah go back in time right now possible now this is so impossible yeah like the fact that nobody's on YouTube now so anyways right A lot of them I shifted to Instagram and now it is tick-tocking like so had to end with the algorithm on Facebook page you can even boost the thing up so it would you say even if say I know one day you discovered he had like nine nine million Ringgit stashed away in some hidden bank account and he decided I'm going to pursue my dreams of being a YouTuber brr he can be Jimmy boy You can with 9 million in cash. You can put all the money if that marketing you can always get them and I'm living it. Does anyone call you Kiko world? Yeah, how much money would you say you spend on clothes or swag or fashion in a month in a month? He's dead. I really honestly I don't spend much at all. I would say the last the last suspend was for my shoes. That's the only most expensive thing that I bought when you buy a got like a Nike Air One air wanna care one is it why are you on this? And it was on my so I wanted the same color. So I went to I don't want of his starting JD or something and I saw the same similar color. Okay, I know but I just got the Air Force One. We tear Force One, whatever. Okay, whatever the most Indian shoe ever. Okay, how much did you spend on that? That was about? 600? Okay. Well, I mean but what is the most I've spent on like clothings? Right? Right. So you're not want to really splurge on cloning you splurge on? Yeah, honestly, I don't spend much man. I just keep for no reason if I die today like I regret in hell. Yeah, you know what? I do spend a lot on a traveling I'll enjoy traveling so every now and then I go overseas and like okay good you by experiences and by experience you should buy my experiences by Emilio 20km. I mean, I'm on me. Yeah for me. I like the whole idea is I want to save what if like somehow I feel like I flex genius business idea. I don't want to depend investors on investment, right? That's that's what that's the mentality that I have. I guess. I don't think it's like the best little tree but it's No, no, no laughing. I mean fuck you man. He's been a lot of shoes. Don't you? I don't know. What did you tell me? So yeah, would you let's see how gave you go out and you go shopping. You need it to buy an outfit for an event that you're going to 10. How much would your budget be? How much would you allow yourself to spend? Okay depends. Jean what the event is if it's got a big event, I would put Max one key. Okay. We are like one one key full outfit and where will you go for like 3 Min Valley went to a store to gone by I think the first place I would go to is Xavier. Okay, Sarah one key codes are us a Laura Zara Zara right? Here we go. God is an aura is the fashion website his era is that the internet all right now go to the basic expectation ml sunflower write what you want you to spend what is it I know said hey here's one with one key with the shoes right no no shoes no she was like okay here's one Ki not goes and pleases van K is Van came and John Kay and buy some cool don't spend on today so the money is one key for me and he I ordered who wouldn't know what I'm spending on right so I probably take the one here keep 500 500 are spending less paying like for stupid shit 300 bucks for it 200 bucks for it correct correct myself and buy an extra hundred bucks you know what's funny like whenever I go out when I meet a girl the first thing they'd be like you know you got it I'm going to change your oil your style not good - hum so many times every girl I did two months in you like you know what it's about time I got to change yourself okay and they always go in want you to go right Uniqlo waiting for you brought that up because we're about to segue into that okay so speaking of dating what is the first date like with the card huh okay I'm the kind of person yeah so you guys know you said you don't spend your money on clothes so hopefully this way fucking spend your money you know you don't keep the finer box or do you split half on the first date I don't disappoint you of okay okay this my theory okay yeah they think I think First Dates is very important to not show how much money you have so I will rather yeah my first days are always in the wrong part the place that I know bring your birth date like use as good we already caught ya I have opinion campaign is a good place okay you know the girl stays it shows that you're she's she's a keeper man yeah she's got a shiv and she's not nice kid that used it and I've never not even once I brought a girl to an expensive place in our first date Good Neighbor what a good one more so I think it was both noodles okay I'm not mad at that no matter the because yeah it's all right you want to set a bar too high is real not right yeah good liar let me giving us his answer to his shoe and you know even though we think Millennials are fucking dumb fucks these days he's also not a thing this does not reflect my view this subject I'm uh I'm on the fence Millennia until 7:00 Dumb as fuck, you know, it's always okay. Um, okay, why are on board you I am pinion and have you had like he's sponsored by that man. I really feel it. I feel like they need to sponsor me because you go Delhi, but I recommend to everyone that I know man. Is there a nobody goes because inventory Court notice. It's crowded all the time and food is fine. Not with your friends. They'd all been robbed. Have you had someone complain on a date where you bro? There was once this wasn't that what not the not the first date complaint is this My first ex she didn't like why don't you Joe? Mmm and my heart you still when I'm with her. It was like the pizza. I don't know why I stayed with her. Honestly. I don't know why but the fact that she didn't like why don't pojo is like it's a red flag alarm Bells. It's an alarm Bells then the action pay for the you know afford to pay on the first date, so I didn't like all that but I still do wow. - right? Okay, because it's a fashion podcast via. Oh, really? Yeah. Well, I mean I'm gonna remind him help we haven't looking but not failing at all. Eh, so we need to ask you a lot when you go out with a girl is what she's wearing even though I kind of know the answer to this very lucky Bob not in any way we are seeing is what she's wearing a big deal to you. Is it a deal breaker? She dresses like shit. It's not a deal-breaker, but it matters little bit. Okay, like she has to put a little bit of effort into Gracias can't wear this Le. I mean like this is not that bad. What you're wearing is not heaven. No, OK, I mean this may sound may come off a bit sexist, but I think I think girls are more conscious about how they look when they go out. Okay, right. So actually on a first date on the first day, right? Like it's very important to dress properly and is appropriately like for me, I don't think I'm the kind of person like for me to impress you with clothes and stuff. Like what I can in the only thing that I have is my sense of humor. The only thing I never had and my head I know should I cannot use today? So but yeah to answer the question. I think it matters little bit if someone comes to like fucking pajamas pants and a convicted it's a bit of a turn-off. But like I said if the personality was good and it's I don't know man. It's still like a little bit of a red flag over there. What a people are goes rather out there wearing these days that you know, just rubs you the wrong way. What do you not like these girls wearing? It's called not locks out bro. What don't I like yellow other Duncan? She's distinguish one from the other side of you. I still see some girls wearing like bell-bottom pants bottom pan meaning like like the widely. Hello mia Who not bulky. There is that brickfields area many Indian girl still whether she might be onto something, you know, it's cyclical is coming back, but beyond their time as the modernism bell-bottoms, ugliest is fashioned man coming from me right just that I bought my ex bought me this yeah sorry my extended it but you gave me your home shots okay what a guys wearing these days you got the hand then huh it's just think of having skin but he's he has a good sense of science yeah sometimes sometimes it's okay but what do guys whether I don't like I don't think I've actually paid attention enough for me to see all these things okay well okay right okay later you look in the mirror answer the fucking question up so now you know line already shot above your knees breathe man is be a nice legs Roll marathon runners leaks that's not racist if anything right I really Envy in a people for their legs because they have really nice long legs what the fuck do you know just short I am sure you know it's not Chinese guy and let's not talk about me anymore all right unfortunately we have come to almost the end of this part casket my channel no before before we let you we go around the table and we talked about leave this cop so the most recent thing you purchase or something in near future that you want to purchase or you want to drop a bomb on a on yeah I know I bought a Japan Rail Pass yeah that fucking cost me a shit ton of money Japan Rail Pass yeah because I went to Japan it's like a past that you can use unlimited on the Jr lines and shinkansen all that for one week how much of that house in five oh yeah for one weak laugh yeah one week but is unlimited for any line for GR only all only produce and I'm going to use it for most of the shinkansen because actually a one-way trip to like from Tokyo to Osaka yeah costs about a thousand bucks so like it doesn't make sense to like not have these past right so for that we are going to travel from Kyoto Kyoto Osaka Osaka Kyoto Kyoto to like wherever and then back to back to Tokyo yeah so and all that is covered by this one is Japan's expensive and Japan okay so damn broke after that man better start getting my Ian's been this show Talk about feeling the last thing that I got is it? Yeah, the last thing you spend a shitload of money on ya all this besides your trip to Bali and next thing you know, okay, it's not it's not a shit ton of money, but it's expensive for me. I feel at least write this was in Bangkok. This is last about three weeks ago. I was in Bangkok. Okay, so I bought this really bright dish. I want to like switch up my style. got a really nice t-shirt which cost me were like 70 70 bucks to me it's just for t-shirt is much like what the fuck right right got it I bought it so your then 70 bucks is a lot for tissue so you don't want some water okay see that's a brand this is I got it from like the night market oh shit I realized it was written Billy I lesion it oh my God fuck a grown-ass man You by okay so last week I was telling you about the shoes I want from Noah yeah a friend of mines New York so as I got these nice today's you and as you bought it for me a bucket for you so I got it marked data yes lucky bitch yeah that's it man so um yeah anything else you want to copy in the future are you looking to buy anything about is the New Balance to the new the new the most expensive thing that one but I want to get myself a car oh you don't have a comment I have a cupboard don't like the car that I drive now okay okay oh to Bollywood is it it's not too but it's just like what the fuck why don't you just go all the way have taken by a beam of nobody it's your dancing that's nice from the front is just looks like very good in that black dress looks better as a shit look at you looking for Carswell is it yeah I'm just like looking around what I don't even know what I want me like people have been telling me shit but that's Pizza DVI Allah asked me to buy a freaking one of my eggs yeah okay but be the name is the Racing Car Kira I'm not gonna raise anything okay man we've come to the end before we let you go please plug yourself where we can follow you a few Cami yeah he can sense it yeah all right you guys can follow me on YouTube on Instagram on Twitter on Facebook and Snapchat on Tick-Tock Everything is Everything is Vic owl except for my Tick Tock is week our 69 some idiot took my reasoning generally so annoyed man so that 69 yeah why is 69 I don't know man okay out of curiosity yeah so if you haven't already we are doing ads now in this podcast is one only yeah one so far but you know we are open to options Sophie's it is possible this is not how you pitch people get ads on our podcast I know if you run a small business or whatever and you want to get some exposure and you like listening to this podcast he hit us up you know the MS yeah you cool your brand next we work out a deal because right now although we have on the table product placements Chinese New Year cookies again a bit of Apple Fox but it is is it's like it's already much you know everything thank you for joining us today please you can listeners listen listen Lisa NASA you listen to a podcast and Spotify wherever else you consume your podcast you can also watch us on YouTube YouTube search for the Fashion Week podcast is WEA K smash the Subscribe button because we need those subscribers man and just leave a message leave some comments nobody left any comments man yeah Some reviews or ratings. Yeah, an apple person can read them out and laugh at them. Correct should ask like, who do you want to see next in the that's another big muscular guy sighs right hoody having skin? Yeah. Who do you wanna see next? Let us know? Okay just say it but I'm with our chin again what really people love him? Okay, we re at some point. You will come back. Yeah, but II followers on Instagram because at the Fashion Week podcast, I modeled. I'm Lucas and OTL you CHS and our esteemed guest today vika we got Thank you. Again. Thank you so much. How do you say goodbye in Indian? I mean in time over at least thank you, but I don't know what I don't think there is any Fashion Week the fashion?