Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode.Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because I think totally agree. I totally agree. So a lot of people online are on multiple whether it's forums Reddit Facebook Etc. A lot of them will have a sort of BST buy sell trade and depending on which one you go to you will find hardware and software. Some of it is very common. Some of it is very rare. Some of it people didn't even know that why would you sell this because it's so rare you might as well keep it. And so what happens like in any Market you will have a person by something and flip it at a ridiculous profit. What are the ethics of flipping you know, if that and so for me? I am not a I'm not a flipper. I literally I don't have anything that's significantly that's worth, you know enough for me to make a crazy profit. But do I understand why people would do so, yeah because they can we talked about it on one of our early episodes on is there a certain price point that an artisan will charge before people say no that's too much right and I think that some artists stands, you know, we'll do it to And I guess a fair balance between you know, making their profit and over over just you know, being a budget brand or what have you but then you had mentioned, you know, some places that just charge ridiculous amounts of money for their products and in the end I could be mad, you know that a place may want to sell something. And for hundreds of dollars, but if people are buying them. then I don't I don't care right that's that's my my take on that the same kind of goes for flipping now. We'll use I don't know. I don't know how you do because I don't I mentioned a Wolfman at the beginning but I don't own a wolf man, you know, I just know about their perceived value their Rarity. That's really what push it is it. Supply and demand in its purest form both men razor, you know cost around 350 400. That's the MSRP right? Because they are such in not just like, you know minimal quality, but almost there just like this point just legendary in in kind of the hype around them, you know, people are flipping. Keeping them at just such crazy profits right not just twice as much, you know, not just six eight hundred dollars, but you know going up 1500 plus two, you know, two thousand dollars. Now, here's the thing if I'm from a from an ethical standpoint opens not getting any of that money. You're getting zero, so. Am I can I say that I'm really supporting an artisan if I'm reeling to purchase a piece of Hardware or whatever. It may be any item for or they ridiculous profit that that Artisan will never see. Okay. Well, I think if you're buying from a flipper right this scenario, it's not necessary about supporting The Artisan right? It's getting the thing that you want or the thing that is unobtainium. If we don't call it that I think with the keep in mind too that for Wolfman for varlet for hand tied knots brushes and I think of the Declaration right that these you know The prices are flippers could get eventually made these Artisans raise the prices for exactly that reason you said like okay if it's so common on the second-hand Market that this decision goes a hundred dollars or born over the original MSRP then obviously that product is underpriced. I mean, I don't I wouldn't disagree with that. They rose up, you know, your raise our prices and I don't think there's any less demand for those for the three dimension at the very least. Yeah, I think. At what point though? We can look at like the other other pieces of Hardware out there to write but at what percentage of a markup is it? Oh, this is too much already. I mean, I'll tell you right now like I guess the idea of ordering a will just put it at $400 on the higher end Dragon know it can be I know with the accessories that can be much more right but I'll say $400 for a Razor. If I saw it, you know flipping and it was that rare for say 600 like okay, I guess, you know, I can I can justify that Cox to me. I don't and unless you just have a ridiculous bankroll, you know, once you get into the low four figures then I think it kind of begs the question, you know, why do flippers do it? Because there is enough people out there that are willing to buy it. It doesn't have to be that many people. It just has to be enough people. And so they think the same goes, you know, you'd mention varlet. Is it Bartlett or barley and decoration and declaration? You know, I think declaration. I've Just Seen on, you know, just offhand because a typical declaration brush, I think right now goes for to 284 some of like, you know, A nice nicer pores, and then like if it's like unicorn bone or something like that, it might be like 250 if you don't I don't recall but just under 300 will say that I know that he didn't an artist in feature with Dogwood and those brushes were priced at 3:09. Okay, but for the most part just around that 302 80 Mark will say will say that. At and consistently like seeing older batches for people like hoarding them and now they're selling them just a just a little bit more but it's an you know, it's enough like maybe they're selling it for 300 350 375 right? Does that mean that the Declaration is under underpricing, you know their own stuff and It would be easy to just say yeah it is but now let's say you raised the price to 350 375. Are you going to see people trying to flip it for 400 or like it's just it's just going to be the like this game where they're just going to move the line of what is acceptable and none of us are going to know what what price is too much until we just tell ourselves. No, I'm not willing to pay that. You know that can hand off of flipper for that. Right. I Think It's Tricky and I think my benefit if we had like a ringer for econ. I really related things but I think it's since decorations are pretty good example. We have to keep in mind though that with each batch. There is a lot of love for certain batches, right so that does command a higher price because I think sometimes that it's even more important than the poor as you mentioned the poor how tracker of the That's right. If you get like a B1 B2, which is a batch one batch to not that thing is going to come and I don't know I guess. I'm not in the market for one of those but I would imagine that would come and maybe that $400 Mark that you mentioned. Maybe maybe more if it's also an attractive handle, right? I don't think either of us would be very surprised the same 400-450 was he kind of the 500 500 I guess is a threshold at this point because I don't hit my head 500 just like Put in a whole new ball, you know ball game. Here's and then let's let's I guess the somewhat transparent right you and I are are quite active both on Reddit Instagram on YouTube specifically also in the IRC channel that that Reddit posts, right and just the general Vibe of people that are in there is That you know, like hey, you know, like let's take care of our own, you know, if like let's say I buy a brush at a certain rate and maybe it doesn't get a lot of love and someone else, you know in the room wants it and I'm willing to either trade it to them, you know, no no deal no problem or give it to them reasonable and usually last then what it would have cost new, you know, like the idea of flipping, but you wouldn't you wouldn't flip on your homies, you know. Wouldn't just say, you know, like and things like that and I'm sure that that's there's probably similar summer Vibes among the other communities on some of the other forums and besties that are out there, right? Do we get mad more that people are flipping or that it is it more so that they're not part of like our or social group. You know, I don't know those. I don't know people on the other forums, you know, like I'm kind of like I peaked in, you know, a few of them. I am not on Facebook at all. Are we just you know, are we more mad that you know, it's it's not a Us in that situation. I think there's nothing case to be made where you should not price gouge your own friends or family. However, at the same time I know there are individuals out there in real life not in shaving just with things right whether you're selling a car you're selling some other kind of collectible or whatever. They just want to make as much as the market will allow. And you'll see that any buy sell trade forum, whether it be whatever see social media platform always has a rule where you do not comment on other people's prices right? You got you shut your mouth. Even if it is price gouging because I think the underlying thought there is if it's if this is something you legitimately own you can go ahead press whatever the hell you want and the comment often seen if it does arise Fair sun was like man. That's that's price bit. What way too high the the most common retort is the market will decide And that's the bottom line the market will decide now if you know whether you want your Savvy businessmen or whatever if you want something to sell. Yeah, there might be that one white whale who will buy your wool fundraiser for $2,500, but more likely I think what you're getting at right is the other hobbyists what it's like what it's a more how much Market is more reasonable, but they're not wrong if they know that there's Even if there's two or three people and you're you know, you're in their circles and you could get $2,500 for brand-new Wolfman. Like you said, I can't go. Yeah go get paid. Yeah, make your money make your body. It's your if you bought it. That's fine. I did want to add though that I think this is I haven't seen this distinction made but there's something about a say there's a drop that's it. There's a wolf and drop. There's a brush drop from one of your favorite brush makers, right? I think you can be called out for Hickory if you go and buy multiple, if the if the if the system allows for or if you put this buy one for the express purpose of selling it like I put a different category, let's say if it's Anonymous person. They bought it they used it didn't care for it and know they can get a good amount of moving it on. I think that's a different category than I'm going to buy something out from other people invent the intent of selling it at Been just a slightly slightly higher premium. Yeah, you know. I would agree like you know that there's a distinction between that. You know my I have two younger brothers, they were very much into the shoe game shoe collecting game and things like that that stuff happen whole happens all the time and some of it very much either equal or just crazier cost than with which shaving gear and things like that. So, Yeah, you had people you would have I would see people at brick-and-mortar stores at six o'clock 6 a.m. You know first to drop right or if it was like a place, you know, they were they knew that they could like order online or on the phone. They would have this the phone number of the store make the call have their credit card ready, you know, so they could charge on the credit card and do the shipping directly from that store like the minute of opening. So it is not new. I do think let's say you want to get a brush will use that. An example and your intent is to let's say bye I'll just use 300 as an example and you want to sell it for like 350 400 dollars. To me. It's like you could make 50 bucks or a hundred bucks. In I don't know you could you could make it easier. Like I think it's kind of silly in that case. You know, it's not it's not big enough for for me personally to find it enticing to do. With that said if it's in demand and it's in the man and you know with like 99% certainty that this is going to sell at the price that you set for it, you know, even even with a markup if your price gouging people. I'm not a fan of it, right like because I may be one of those people that wanted to get it for myself and then you beat me out to it. And and you have that intentions as far as you know, what I guess if you want to call it that but I think in the end. There's going to be you know, if you say the market will decide on what is too much. I would also say that the market is going to decide how our systems respond to it. Whether that means just are prices whether that means even more limited releases or maybe they're just like not going to do anything and maybe they'll do like a hundred brushes. They'll just overflow over saturate the market. I don't know if that's really going to happen, but There's there's you know, a few things a few ways for in the end of The Artisan themselves to respond. And I don't know, you know what they want to do or what their take on it is, but I just going back to it. I do think it's just It's not healthy for the hobby. If you know potential profits that could have went to The Artisan in the first place are going to flippers. That's I think the thing I'm not a fan of and I say that having spoken that spoken with a few artisans in kind of getting a gnome. There's probably some sort of There's some sort of it's not as just a simple like, you know transaction like, you know, like you would go to Target or Walmart for right like a lot of times. If especially if you're in the hobby like we are we know the people making the product we know that our dollars are going to war. Sustaining, you know, they're their livelihood to a certain degree if they do it full time, you know and things like that. So yeah, there is definitely a level of guilt if I feel like I'm cutting them short. I'm something in a way. I also understand that most people don't know the they don't know these people there. There's like I just want it. I'll pay whatever I want for it. I'll buy it, you know and things like that too. So I'm probably just like to kind of like straightforward because I'm I'll put it on on the record like you won't see me like price gouging and flip something for like something really stupid. I don't have the I don't have the time and effort, you know to do that. Hey guys. Are you looking to start your own podcast, but not sure where to start the let me tell you a little bit about anchor first off anchors a service. I used to host a lot of Talk podcast. How much does it cost anchor is free and as tools to help you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how will listeners find your show anchor will distribute your podcast for you so that your show can hurt on Apple podcast Spotify and other podcast Services anchor has everything you need to make a podcast. All in one convenient space download the free and crap or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Yeah, I think it overlaps into. Investment prospects I guess because I think you make a great point. And that how much are you making on the market on the markup and other than other than razors for it certainly razors whether they are Wolfman or maybe there are some popular razors that the artist is are no longer making them, right? That seems to be the biggest profit. Margin. I don't know there aren't that many folks in wet shaving and that might be another thing too. It's very close-knit community and most Artisans will tell you they're not in it to make the money. It's a passion project. It's a side hustle, right and if You can count on your hand, you know on one hand the number Artisans that this is their main livelihood. and and that if that were the case, you know, they're they're hustling anyway, not hustling trickery, but they're like, you know, they're pounding the pavement. Mark you're putting in the work there. It went to work. Yes to you know, make their brand known make their brand reputable, you know, give themselves a good name. Right? Right. It seems what when you're describing kind of your modus operandi. It's very altruistic as far as like supporting the artisan and other than folks that I've met personally and you know, I am supporting them in featuring their products using their products Etc. When it comes out of these big ticket items that we're talking as far as razor and brushes. I don't know that that's not entering my mind. Well, I'm thinking more of is the actual performance of the product which is dictating how much I wanted right true now absolutely, right so I wouldn't buy something. Let me like, yeah having that altruistic, you know, like I'm helping support, you know a person I want to support is one thing but If it's not a product, I want I'm not going to buy it. Just just to support you. Yeah, you know. Yeah in the money, you know that I choose to spend as a consumer. I'm putting in the work. I'm doing my research, you know on there and sometimes it's it's as simple as yeah the group like this like you probably will too. Okay, I'll buy it right but no, I definitely do think that you know performance before performance of a product is is key. I mean, yeah, I'm not going to put Just to buy it just to make it look pretty on the Shelf. I don't even have a shelf like to begin with right right. It's not it's not trophy piece. Although I mean there's different people who I think we can turn collectors and that's fine. Right? I mean if that's if that's to the degree that you're the hobby you and me have like over 20 brushes and we both acknowledge. Is that for any particular purpose other than like a different options know right? It's not a definite must-have, but We just like variety and we enjoy it enough that we have over 20 rushes other people 50, you know, whatever and other folks have a rotation of 2 or 3, which is that I can here's the here's the thing about that as well. Right like, you know using brushes and connecting it back to the you know, our core subject is that I don't have any brush that I can flip for a profit. None of them are rare enough. None of them have that. Of like I've generated already bought them because like half of them look pretty you know, and I spent like, you know overall, you know, probably in the like the low hundreds, but I think none of my brush does cost more than 70 bucks. Most of the majority of them are much less than that. So yeah, I'm yeah, there's this kind of that's kind of how it is. I mean, obviously Having having recently used a couple of high-end brushes, you know specifically from declaration. Yeah, there is it's a huge difference and I think you know when we did our episode I hadn't used one yet, but I had the opportunity to borrow a couple and it's it's definitely it's noticeable. I think for me, you know, the performance was like clearly in the beginning And I totally understood. I think the first time I used when I the first one I use with was a V8 and any right away like I get it get why people drop the money on it and even to this day. I can't describe it. You know, I can't really put it into words because some people would ask like, why would you spend $100 on that or or any other like high-end brush or a piece of heart? We're friends, right my 34C like, you know works. Just great. You know, why do I you know need to spend hundreds of dollars on a razor or whatever and analogy that I've said so many times but it'll be the first time I'm saying here on the podcast. It's like some people just like driving like a Honda Toyota perfectly, you know reasonable does everything you needed to You know reasonable cost some people are like I want to live a little bit better life. I'm going to get the Mercedes. I'm going to get the BMW right still drives, but you spending a lot more just whether it's the perception whether it whatever you have and then there's some people that just want to flex. And they got the Rolls-Royce. They got the Bentley, you know, and that's to me, you know the equivalent. and you know and I've never been in a Bentley or Rolls Royce, but I imagine you're just like oh so this is what This is kind of like either the quality or the just the feel of being in one. That's that's probably the equivalent in this small way of using like a high-end brush or a high-end razor or something along those lines. Absolutely, you don't have to do it, but it's great and you totally understand. You know, what like when you do do it. I think you might have used the car analogy one episode before probably you know, yeah, I mean, I think it's a Perfect Analogy Perfect Analogy of for whether talk about brushes or razors, right? Because it's just sure you can it can be the finest wood. It can be super high-grade stand, you know, marine grade stainless steel or or whatever the case may be but your pop metal razor. That is you know that has a decent tolerances or whatever. It'll help you know with your shave. So kind of you know just reiterate or closed or however you want to go on that it is. What's the quote? It's like it's the movie is just like can do it. But you're still an asshole. Right? Like like, you know, if you do if you do if you're you're going in there with like that intentions then yeah, like you're not going to win any fans like like, you know, you're not going to win my support, you know from that. I think if people. If people just want to see like how far they can go, you know with certain items. I guess they can go for it, but they should be very much ready to read the ire of, you know, the rest of the internet. I think that you know when people you had mentioned about how some places you know, they ban you for making comments in regards to the pricing of a product and I don't know where I stand on that because part of me wants to lean that You know, if you if you want to be ready to sell something at a high price. You should also be ready to hear from the people that have a problem with it. If you still want to go ahead and do that go for it. You know, that's that's still on you. We're all adults. We all make our own choices, so If that's what someone wants to do then go for it. But yeah, I think in the end. I don't think it helps the hobby either in the long run. Because it's it's ultimately what it does it just you know, rather than just kind of enjoying, you know, the products that are out there. We're now just like either arguing or you know, commenting on on things that just aren't particularly important. So yeah, like it's always going to exist you can tell you that it's not going in any it's not going away anytime soon. I don't even know if you've reached like Peak Ridiculousness, you know for something, but I do I do think that We can probably do better by, you know asking asking ourselves if it's something that just we personally want to support. Yeah, I mean, I'll tell you agree with you. I think you have every right to price gouge and flip. However, if you are an owner of this long as high ticket items you are most likely at least part of a very small Niche group of hobbyists. And you're going to build yourself a reputation and if you're okay with that. I'm fine, right but if that's the if that's the hell you want to die on make it be better make it worth your while because you're going to get you know, you definitely got to develop this reputation for being a gouger if you keep if people know that you keep buying stuff out from under other folks not even to keep it just to flip it, right. I think a good chance of those potential buyers are going to remember that and you know, I kind of turn the other way. I mean, it's it comes down to just it's a selfish move. And if you can't own that that don't do it, right because it you're like I want to make money. That's what yeah, yo go for it. If you need to pay bills, you got you know, if that's how you want to do it sure but like you said it's not benefiting the community. It's a selfish. I don't know if there's more to be said about it and that. Thank you for listening to leather sock you can find all the social media links for Gerardo myself in the show notes. If you enjoy the episode you can help us out by subscribing and leaving a five-star review. We appreciate your time and support and hope to catch you next time.