That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. leading to hypermethylation and inactivation of fmr Okay, what is a two-sample t-test a two-sample t-test is a statistical method commonly employed to compare the means of two groups of subjects. Very simple. Okay. Here's a question for you. Think about interleukin 4. What is this stimulate? This stimulates antibody isotype switching particularly to ig e it one more time interleukin 4 stimulates antibody isotype switching particularly to ig e Okay, let's think about pheochromocytoma. What do you know about that? So we know it's a tumor and what does it arise from? It rises from the chroma fin cells of the Adrenal medulla characterized by excess production of catecholamines clinical features include episodic hypertension diaphoresis and palpitations microscopic examination of the tumor cells shows electron dense membrane bound secretory granules. And immunohistochemistry is positive for sin apto vison Chromo, Brannon and neuron specific anoles so these are some difficult things that might come up on a question sure. You understand pheochromocytoma. But looking at it microscopically, what are you going to be looking at? With immunohistochemistry, it's going to be positive one more time for sin apto vison. Chromo Grennan and neuron specific andales Okay, do you know how to calculate the net filtration pressure as calculated by the following equation net filtration pressure equals McCain parentheses PC minus Pi parentheses closed - see - I okay. So there we go next one. The reduced cardiac output in heart failure triggers compensatory activation of the sympathetic nervous system and renin-angiotensin-aldosterone pathway resulting in vasoconstriction, which is increased afterload fluid retention increased preload and deleterious Carnac remodeling these mechanisms perpetuate a downward spiral of cardiac. Terry ocean leading to symptomatic decompensated heart failure we've done this one before but it's always good to repeat them. Okay, let's move on to the next one. What do you know about epistaxis? This is commonly caused by irritation of the highly vascular mucosa at the anterior nasal septum. So if you having a question is asking where it's happening remember, it's the anterior nasal septum the anterior nasal septum contains the case of back plexus the anterior. As model sphenopalatine and Superior label and arteries anastomose in this region. Okay, one more time the anterior ethmoid o sphenopalatine and superior labial arteries anastomose in this region the anterior nasal septum. That's ready to get epistaxis. What is Cipro hepta Dean? Cipro hepta Dean is an antihistamine with antiserum teratogenic properties that can be used as an antidote in severe cases of serotonin syndrome that do not respond to supportive measures. So remember Cipro hepta Dean, sorry or Satya super help today. okay, remember the difference between Something that is accurate and something that is precise. We've talked about this before. Let's go over it again. A precise tool is one that consistently provides very similar or the same value when measuring a fixed quantity and accurate tool is one that provides a measurement identical or similar to the actual value as reflected in gold standard measurement and this type of question comes up. When they show the targets and they want you to choose perhaps the one that is closest that's in the explanation. But you have to understand the difference between a measuring tool that is precise and one that is accurate. Remember Chiari malformations Chiari malformations are congenital disorders that result from under development of the posterior fossa causing parts of the cerebellum and medulla to herniate through the foramen magnum Kyary type 1 is relatively benign and presents during adulthood with occipital headache and cerebellar dysfunction Kiara type 2 is more severe. This form affects neonates and is often associated with Lumbar myelomeningocele and hydrocephalus or remember Kyary type 2 is the more severe one that affects neonates. Okay, let's think about Clostridium difficile again Clostridium difficile commonly presents with diarrhea and abdominal pain hospitalization and antibiotic use increase the risk of Contracting the disease and nucleic acid amplification test is considered the most sensitive method for diagnosis of C difficile infection in patients with clinical symptoms to remember with asking you what is the test that is most sensitive. It is a nucleic acid amplification test. think about hippel-lindau disease sporadic and hereditary renal cell carcinoma is which are associated with Von hippel-lindau disease are associated with mutations involving the vhl gene on chromosome 3p. The vhl gene is a tumor suppressor that inhibits hypoxia-inducible factors mutations lead to constitutive activation of these proteins resulting in the activation of multiple angiogenic and tumorigenic growth factors. for example VG e f and pdgf So remember that the vhl gene inhibits these factors the hypoxia inducible factors and with this goes bad the mutations lead to activation of these proteins and you would have activation of multiple angiogenic and tumorigenic growth factors. So V gef the talking about any pdgf. okay, let's talk about hemangiomas cutaneous strawberry type capillary hemangiomas are common benign congenital tumors, which are composed of uhn-uhn encapsulated Aggregates of closely packed thin-walled capillaries initially strawberry hemangiomas grow in proportion to the growth of the child before eventually regressing. And in 75 to 95 percent of cases the vascular tumor will regress completely by age 7. So the question may be asking whether or not they disappear by themselves and they do. Okay, what do you know about tamoxifen and raloxifene selective estrogen receptor modulators, for example tamoxifen and raloxifene are competitive Inhibitors of estrogen estrogen binding to estrogen receptors. They can have Agonist or antagonist effects depending on the specific tissue tamoxifen has estrogenic effect on the uterus. And can cause endometrial hyperplasia. and cancer so remember these serums tamoxifen and raloxifene. What do you know about the diphtheria toxin? Diphtheria, Toxin and pseudomonas and exotoxin a act by ribose elating and inactivating elongation Factor 2 which inhibits host cell protein synthesis causing death. So the question may be asking How this toxin works. So one more time diphtheria Toxin and pseudo monell exotoxin a act by ribose elating and inactivating elongation factor to which inhibits host cell protein synthesis and causes death. neisseria meningitidis What is this transmitted by it is transmitted primarily by aerosolized droplets and subsequently colonizes the nasopharyngeal epithelium penetration of the epithelium can lead to blood stream infection spread of the meninges occurs via transcellular penetration of the cerebellar capillary endothelium or entry at the choroid plexus of the so many questions that can come out of there. You really need to understand each of these elements is very detailed. So I'm going to read it again a little bit slowly. Neisseria meningitidis is transmitted primarily by aerosolized droplets and subsequently colonizes the nasopharyngeal epithelium penetration of the epithelium can lead to blood stream infection blood stream infection. Spread to the meninges occurs via transcellular penetration of the cerebellum cerebral capillary endothelium or entry at the choroid plexus. a lot remember there here's a quick question is premature ejaculation related to diabetes. No, it isn't. Okay, let's think about mullerian aplasia. Do you know mayor rockatansky Custer Hauser syndrome patients mother with mullerian aplasia ie mayor rockatansky coaster houses Syndrome have no upper vagina. For example, they have a short vagina and variable uterine development. These patients are 46 XX females with normal ovaries. and secondary sexual characteristics Okay, we've had so many questions about Hepatitis B and sometimes they're so confusing. The hepatitis is so we're going to go over again individuals who are successfully immunized against Hepatitis B virus develop the protective anti-hbs antibody individuals who recover from hepatitis B infection. However have auntie HBS as well as anti-hbc antibodies the presence of circulating HBS AG indicates active infection those you just have to go over a bunch of times before they become second nature. Okay, what do you know about vitamin A overuse what happens if you down a whole bucket full of vitamin A? this can result in intracranial hypertension skin changes and hepato splenomegaly Okay, we'll do one more. Let's talk about dilated cardiomyopathy. So this results from direct damage to cardiomyocytes leading to myocardial contractile dysfunction systolic dysfunction. Volume overload and ventricular dilation viral. Myocarditis is a common cause of dilated cardiomyopathy and should be suspected in young patients who develop heart failure following asymptomatic viral prodrome. So consider viral myocarditis in this case. Okay. Thank you very much. And tune in again to med school radio and we will go over some. More Concepts and I really recommend this method for you. Also in order to learn these Concepts. Thank you very much.