Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's wonderful graduations. It's awesome. You also had a baby was actually down to Florida my house manager. Well, yeah, she had a baby. Two days ago and she was back to work the next day just to let you know so she was that's nice anyway, so this is a QA show you ask a question. We give you an answer and most questions need really really long answers. So it's really really hard to answer in complete sentences. It's it's complete complete answers just gives you a head start but we've got a good body of work that you can watch videos from to help you out and you'll notice a lot of the Entire like how do I stop how do I stop how do I stop a certain Behavior? So you have to use the word punishment call it a verse of color correction call it an inhibitor. You'd call it anything you want but it's definitely not a reward toso to stop unwanted behaviors. You've got to apply that also we do a seminar series called Jeff kelm and seminars Jeff covid seminars and that is a two-day seminar series you go to Jeff covid seminars.com and you can see where we're going. And we're going to be in Frederick Maryland in a couple of weeks. And then we're going to be in Providence and then we're going to be in Portland, Oregon after that. So that'll be exciting. And then we have it so that we have a seminar series that we have the the training center. Oh my God. This is gonna be an interesting with you might be a 15-minute show or so. And then we do we have the training center that training center here. We do a little bit of everything we have dogs. So we tend to work with more challenging dogs. So a lot of our experiences with challenging dogs, a lot of the advice that I get is literally how to stop a dog from doing something incorrectly or Jeurys and then what to do after that, but usually it's that first step a lot of people are struggling out there and they're not getting the answers to Step One Step One is stopping The Unwanted behavior and without that it's really really hard to move to move forward. A lot of people are struggling out there, but we find the people that follow our advice are getting some leaking. I think that is leaking. It's leaking Yep. This water really quick. The following are probably Our advice are actually getting results. And a lot of it is just based on just structure a lot of its just be substructure. I live it's sort of like taking your life back not accepted that the dog is in control anymore and holding your dog accountable cutting down on affection and having a really good structured system in place and believe it or not. That's tops. A lot of problems stops a lot of All right. So drill has Joelle is going to ask the questions and I will answer them to the best of my ability. They're really hydrated. I just like trying to this. All right, Melissa said good evening, Jeff to all and everyone in the chair tables, huh, Randy. Hello, Jay and Joe G. Have a great show. Thank you so much, Michelle. Good evening, Jeff and do all hope all is well or getting better. Lol. Things are good. These are good. I've got a head cold from can get rid of it. Although fucking I need to the world. They can rid of it. Next actually any onions though. No, I did I slept on it. He slept on the onion. I chopped them up and slept on them. I broke up with him all of my face go for the nice glow. Yes, super Corrido. Oh my God even been on the show forever. Hi guys, my dog recently had a bad experience the bat now. She won't let me do anything to her like ear cleaning or checking her skin any ideas how I can help her feel comfortable again. Yeah that you don't that stuff can mess things up. I mean any bad experience can rest things up. So what we would do is we would do a counter condition protocol believe it or not. That's with food at a clicker. So what you would do is you would just start out with like take take a little cotton swab hold it up to the dog's ear click food and hold up to the dog's ear click food repeat repeat repeat and then start getting you know, obviously in a little bit deeper and you keep doing that and you try to reverse that into a good experience or you get as muzzle the dog up hold it down and just go in, you know, there's but I would but I would probably do with you have time do the counter conditioning protocol. You know that that behavior is usually not an indication of the total dog's Behavior whatsoever. So don't freak out too much. A lot of dogs have bad vet experiences and they do fine afterwards Lou. Hi lovely people get well soon Jeff congrats to and hydro L. Not that you're less important. No, she's out of bless imported our most important person on the show Kimba watch to recall video today. Thank you for posting it. You're welcome. Yeah. More coming up tomorrow which one would up today the just a regular prom the non remote collar one have remote caught one going up tomorrow. Next. Let's suppose the link to the seminars. Well, thank you, which is Jeff Gillman seminars.com. Yes, Aubrey and Ali advice for dog growling at strangers new people coming into the home how to make stop so you correct it. So anytime anytime you want to stop it unwanted Behavior you correct. That's just how you stop it. So step one would be you can actually say you always say no and then you can blog no and remote cour correct. That's how that's that's gonna be your step 1, what you do is you can have your dog in place have your dog in a crate for safety a lot of dogs growl and it is the thing is like, what do you teach your dog that that's not it acceptable behavior. They actually historically stop text. Prairie pack if you name a command under low-level distraction in the dog struggles at the next level. Would you ever take a step back and drop the name again until they are doing well with higher distractions see that one more time. If you name a command under low distraction and the dog struggles at the next level of distraction. Would you take a step back and drop the name again until they were doing well with higher distraction. I might just do more reps on real how your training the dog I would also make sure there's a leash attached to the dog and make The dog has got clear communication might take a step back to make sure the dog actually understands the command next Lauri. What age can you start using the bunker for a puppy who's biting the owners finger and mouth not working age 12 weeks. I'm going to use the bunker no Bonk, you could stop you can stop that nonsense right off the bat because if you don't I don't want to say it never ends, but it's a but you know puppies are cute until they're not so I would start I would stop that right away if I had a 12 week old puppy there was Biting my my hands in the finger in the mouth didn't work. I would say no and bought the dog and a lot of people will say. Oh that'll ruin the relationship. I assure you the dog nipping at your hands will Rue the relationship text true story p.m. Is there anything you do different when training a dog in heat just know I mean some dogs get a little bit weird in heat there. They act a little bit differently watch out for any unneutered males or females in general around the Argh watch out for the dogs be out in public and you know the behavior of other dogs, but no pretty much the same next Francis. Hi. JJ can wait to meet you both in a week and a half at your seminar Marilyn. Oh good. You know we find we have a great time there. That's always a good one. Thanks Denise. How are you training the double down my dogs no down, but what are the steps to teach them head down. So what we use is you do dogs already in a down we use the remote collar apply. A low-level remote collar pressure and believe it or not. The dog's head just goes down. You can also use leech guidance if you want to and you can use a verbal command as well. So you use verbal command as well leash guidance remote collar dog's head goes down. We do that often in a crate a dog's just learn it. They just learn it right inside the crate next. Rachel hey guys, just joined the patreon channel this afternoon excited to look at it more and see what's there? Okay, shall we put a lot of on our patreon Channel? We put a lot of stuff from seminars that you don't see anywhere else. So a lot of exclusive content up there as well as in am a text Brenda my shepherd only has out-of-control barking in the vehicle. I can't seem to get it under control but revoke our so barking in a vehicle remote cow is going to be your best friend. So what you do Concept is it works? We do it all the time make barking suck and then dogs just stop. They just stopped and a lot of folks are tried. A lot of very sophisticated things and it's like okay, you don't have to go through all these different protocols just like make barking in the car suck next. Wasim, hey guys. Hope you're feeling better. Jeff. Also, my dog no longer wants to eat to eat visitors. She goes to place and chills the F out. Thanks for the advice. That's a good thing. Good. Awesome. Thank you miniature leap. What size prong collar would I need for one year old 40-pound pitbull mix historically 40 pounds will get you to point to 5 millimeter historically next Lana. It's a reactive dogs happy and aggressive will set them back will we see? Them back in their training if we let them interact too soon happy and aggressive they're happy to be aggressive. So I mean anytime you allow a dog to display unwanted behavior and continue display unwanted Behavior. You don't necessarily set them back. But you sure as heck. Don't fix it. If that makes sense. Next She Wolf High J&J sending love and positivity your way. Oh, thank you so much. Appreciate it. Same to you to all of you. Lots of love to all of you thuds a lot of text. Jeff needs healing vibes, okay. River Credo next thanks guys. It's been too long. I'll try the counter conditioning and see how it goes. Yeah for the fences for the that's for the fat stuff, right? Yeah, you're drinking tea. Nope. What is it coffee? Next? It's really good. Melissa said lots of awesome content going up on just patreon Channel and she posted the link. Thank you relaxing too much. Hey J&J, happy hump day. What is you recommend to start? Being off puppy food. Thank you for all your content really want to set up a Skype with you soon. Well, you know, I'm not that I'm not the nutrition guy or the food guy I feed raw. So I really don't have good advice on that. I just actually don't I don't have good puppy food advice next Michelle. Hey guys, my landlord kind of barged into my house without notice or saying anything. I was super worried about my Aussie being reactive but no he was curious about her but totally cool if you are. It's good, but the landlord probably should be barging into your house Uninvited. That's all of its Carrie. Usually they need to give you some sort of notice. Yeah, unless it's an emergency or at least knock next Lori. Thanks Bonk with a small bunker and not so hard or for younger puppies. Yeah, I mean just just scale it Bonk enough for the dog to stop. I mean it's it is supposed to be uncomfortable be people have to remember. It's like discomfort stops bad. Here's just the way it is the way it is a lot of people say, oh no make not biting fun. Okay, but might not have that opportunity to do that. And you can make non-biting all the fun you want. But have you ever thought about like the dogs having fun biting you? So make biting you not fund. It stops next Jack. Hey, good evening, guys. I'm going to start jogging tonight. Joelle eventually starting adding weights back in love. Your Instagram stories makes me feel lazy, which is motivating me to get back into it. Yes Chihuahuas dog, Jack joelle's Instagram stories makes all of us feel lazy next Denise. So to understand on the double down. I'm using the command down and that will always mean head all the way down. Well, you'll have to use any command at all. We do it. Usually without any command. We just do it with remote collar pressure dogs in a crate dog. Just figures it out. It's the weirdest thing in the world. We do it at every single seminar and there's there's video after video after video of us doing it so next Jesse Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well as a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks friend assist. Thanks Jeff. You're welcome. Frizzy. What do I do when my dog reactive dog is on leash and has a remote collar on and some guy has an untrained dog off leash and he runs toward my dog. Love you guys. Thank you. So historically and people struggle with this concept you do whatever it takes to remove that dog away from you and that involves kicking it. It puts you don't put your dog behind you stand in front of your dog. Yell at the dog stick your stick your leg out tell the guy that guy that killed his dog back, you know, we live in a very entitled time where people think that it's okay for their dog to run just run up to your dog. And if it's in a nice if it's in a oddly Sharia, that's just not polite and it causes a lot of problems next. And then C. So, mr. Jeff besides my dog barking when in my vehicle she barks at UPS. She barks at my handyman. She barks if I go outside and walking by the slider Governor by done. What I have done was remove her from the room. Okay, but that's not going to stop the problem. You have to correct the behavior. So removing the dog from the room doesn't stop the problem. Correct The Unwanted behavior that will stop the problem make barking suck. That's why I barked hours. So well next Brenda said love your advice Jeff. Thanks so much. You're welcome. MMC said get well soon xox. I am trying very very hard Michelle put a crystal on his throat kidding. I don't get that stuff at all L get well soon. I had a crystal shaped onion on my throat. You know, what don't knock it till you've tried it. You have not eaten an onion or garlic. Or put Vaseline on your toes. No, but you what I have in my pocket still. I carry it every day. It's nice here from Hawaii. No. California California, California came from Petaluma. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Maybe you should put on your throat Grace dog used to be on seat need him to be on the floor by my feet in the car. Now doesn't matter if the dog is going to sit her down not tons of space. He would have to curl up. How would I go about this? Thanks. Hope you're not the one doing the driving. So what I what I would say is, how do you get a dog off the seat take the dog off the seat put the dog into a a down and just usually if you put your feet, I don't know how big the dog is. So but if you put your feet over the dog and the dog downs and it's closest to your say your knees and your legs are your legs are outstretched. That's usually the best way to do it next. Let's see if you have a great dane like you better a big fucking car. Next it'll be they be under the floorboard. Is that what it's called the floorboard like that little area sure next. It's all legitimate question. I thought it was a legitimate answer next. Sure. Sure the floorboard. Yes. I don't think that's what you pretty great dane and I'm see how did you get all those dogs to lay still with a doorbell and your video training you need to make a video about this. So that's all. All that is training you're talking about like what you saw at the other day that we put up on social media with also dogs outside. All that is through obedience training. None of those dogs came to us like that. None of those dogs came to us even most likely knowing down or knowing down for more than five seconds. All that is through the hard work of my incredible staff just repetitions and repetitions and repetitions and holding the dog accountable. All for not holding it down eventually. That's all it is. It's not magic. Anybody can do it. Literally anybody can get their dog to do and what our down stay any dog can do a what our down stay. They can't next Jack High J&J Bonk my dog during loading when she started staring down her sibling really charged up the no command there so much more manageable these few days. No fight since thank you so much. You're welcome. Yep. That's what that's what bonnke is, you know up. Anki is just Google my name and you'll hear you'll see what bonnke is and what you do is what you're really trying to teach your dog is the word no, and the best time to do it is when the dog is loading and that's what people struggle with because it Like the dog is innocent doing nothing, but it's like no you're not randomly. Just going up to a dog throwing a towel at the dog. What you're doing is you dog has a history of exploding. So there's like a backstory to the bonking next. Everybody knows that naughty stare. Yep. Her Marsh says get well soon Jeff. Thank you so much. Hey Battaglia. Hey, Jay and Jay. It's my new goal to be able to hike off leash with Lucy right now working to bomb-proof recall is there. Anything else that would help us get ready steps advice. Love you both get. Well, yeah, keep a long line on your dog and practice lots and lots of recall also get your dog to make sure that you are you are important to your dog, but the biggest thing is absolutely recall at high levels of distraction, but keep a long line Underdog so you can pick up the leash. If you need to a lot of times people get the leash off too soon, and then you're screwed next. Then you're screwed Morgan. I feel like there should be more to this because it says two out of two, but I don't see the first one, okay? Sorry Morgan. It might have been too long. So try to retype it because I can't ask this the way that it is right now. Okay, hold on dog training working fearful dogs progressing with obedience. But still having freak out moments over moments sounds Etc. Do you see that gradually great gradually get better with time. Probably is they all have to go to new homes? Yeah is outgoing. Yeah. I mean I see dogs. I mean, I don't know how long you've had the dog Ashley but dogs historically. We get a lot of fearful dogs in it. Some dogs just take a while to get through to get that like that breakthrough moments some dogs to quicker than others. But a lot of dogs we get a lot of dogs that really really struggle for a good amount of time. And then when they go to a new home that could be a whole other issue because then the owners of the dog, they've got a sort of like stolidly follow your follow your advice and it's hard sometimes because if you're working with a dog, that's You adopted out. What a lot of people want to do is get that dog Tons of love and affection and that actually can reinforce a lot of The Unwanted behaviors. So where you want to put your dog into a really structured system. That's hard. I mean, I don't think most people get dogs for to be firm with them, but they sure as hell don't get dogs for like all the behavioral issues that people are struggling with that. We see next Lena. Sorry. My question didn't make sense. I have one aggressive reactive dog one happy reactive. Well, they regress in their training if we let them go face-to-face too soon. I depends if they fight with each other if they fight with each other then yes that will that with you'll regress will regress, but that's if they if they don't fight with each other and they just rough play that's different. But if they were fighting with each other anything, yeah, because then they'll practice The Unwanted Behavior next. Michelle, oh my God, we live in an entitled time where owners will allow their dogs to be aggressive and then say the person must have been bad or the dog was doing their job protecting them. Your dog is an asshole. Yeah, I'll be most dogs don't need to be protective. They just really really don't I mean if you read the newspaper if you read the headlines, you think that you think that it does but most dogs don't need to misbehave or display. All this protective behavior that dogs are getting away with so next. Brenda Jeff, where can I find a list of places you're going to be? I'm in North Carolina. Hope you come close to here soon. We will be in South Carolina. If you go to Jeff Gillman seminars.com, Jeff kelm and seminars.com next 999 top chat from Michelle just showing some love haven't done it in a bit. Thank you. Michelle. Really appreciate it grease LOL not driving anymore. I need him to learn riding on the floor for taking public transport. He's 55 60 pounds. Okay. So for public transport definitely want to do Down historically, I want dogs to down under my legs. So my feet are in our like covering the dog next Jamie had a run-in with my vet and assistant with prong collar use they were untrained in the use someone told them. They were harmful assistant grab the leash and yanked my dog yelped that said, see I said you were hurting my dog drop the leash. I told him I have a good training advice from a very good trainer in New Hampshire. He wanted your name. So did he call I'm Jim vets now, I don't know we get it we get a lot of calls but I mean for for you know, that's are not dog trainers and dog trainers are not vets. But I'd like to think that a dog trainer. I mean that a vet has got at least Baseline knowledge of training tools because you can't be the first client that's got in there and they're the ones that yank the leash but I think ironically That's are doing some pretty painful things to dogs. That doesn't make them bad people, but I don't know about any of you, but I'm not cutting open dogs. I'm not we're not doing things that are making dogs blow their anal glands. We're not so, you know, it's a little bit hypocritical for a vet to say that tool hurts when they've got like an operating room that's filled with tools that hurt. That's just my take on it next. Grace yesterday would probably my last day decided my vision was getting too bad time to be safe. Yes for driving a magnet. Yeah, probably a good idea. Thank you. We all appreciate it. Alpine fan. I'm the primary trainer of our dog. She knows recalled and working level pressure means come to me when my husband recalls and I use remote she runs to me instead of him. He doesn't train or no the remote so I put a leash the dog should go to the person that calls the the dog, but if there's been no trading a Ship with that person then why would the dog know so I would go back to putting a leash on the dog having your husband worked the dog, you could still run the remote, that's fine. But you could also get that you could train a dog with two for recall without a remote. So but if your husband's not interested in putting the work in it is what it is next. Melissa posted the link to the seminars. Thank you, and I'm see if my dog isn't my car and has a bark collar on make barking stuck with a bark collar. What do I do or say while she's being bad or will the color correct? Without media saying anything? No, bark collars go on go go off automatically when a dog barks, but what do you mean by being bad? So like what your dog doing that it should be doing so dog should learn proper car at Kit, which is get in the car lie down be quiet. So work out that next Salve and Cat. This is cat. I have Kona and I wanted to thank you and you all so much for training and Pearson Florida two weekends ago. He's the big black puppy every day is better. Awesome. All right good. Yeah every day you work out things things get better. That's the cool thing about it. And then you every once in a while. Don't get don't feel on. What's the word discourage discouraged because if you have like a rough day Because we all have rough days. Some of us have rough weeks next Amanda. Hey guys, aren't he's doing much better with the crate. But we're still working on his anxiety. He slobbers enough to cover the entire bottom of his crate and he refuses to double down even after going up. So your dog, just I mean with a lot of anxiety that might be just one of the things that you know, I would there was more City I am I pushing things too early. Do I just give it time? Yeah. Maybe you are you might be next hold on dog training. Thanks. I'm on the right track. Back the new owners who are willing to keep this lifestyle going when in the end appreciate all your help to help me help them like awesome. That's really really great to hear Ashley. Excellent. Good It's always important to have owners that are onboard odors that are not on board dog struggle dog struggles next. Alpine fan. Can I give a tip for new followers video their dog's behavior before and after I always wish I had done before videos so I could show Friends incredible positive changes. Thank you. Sally canine. That's a good idea. I think also for yourself sometimes when you see slow gradual change, it's hard to notice. But when then someone hasn't seen your dog in a long time, they're like, wow, your dog is totally different sort of like weight loss to next. JJ said thumbs up cool KD. Thanks JJ some People have been brainwashed about prom colors being cruel. How would you dispel the shunning truth? I don't dispel the untruth. I just do what I do. I don't get into discussions or arguments about tools at all. I just do what I do. And I think there's a lot of things online where people feel that things. You know, I think I'm just a big fan of people using whatever tool that they want to get the results that they want and if they can't get the results that they want. They should be open to other methodologies so they can have a better quality of life next. KJ already read that right? Hey JJ. Hope you're good. Love from the UK. Hey, we're doing really really great. Thank you. MMC is our process to better success with bark collar lower distraction. Is that the right way to phrase And to clarify by being bad in the car? I'm in barking at strangers Yeah by barking A stranger's I mean just get a just get just get a remote collar and then you can manually just correct your dog know and then correct. No way that correct next Leanne. Hi guys, how best to keep my dog from Barking outside if alone a bark our would be good for that because it goes off automatically and then once your dog understands it actually probably stops barking just by even having it odd next Alpine fan. Ye signed up for Portland. She's flights are three to four times what they usually are due to spring break in the area and gave me pause for a moment, but I can't wait to be there for the seminar. Oh geez, I guess I should we should book our flight probably shit. People go to Portland for spring break. I know it's interesting. Wow, that's really interesting. I realize I was at popular spring break area either. Yes. We should book our flights nice to kind of soon, isn't it? Yeah, it's real suit next look, that's it right now. Wow, that's okay. A short show. Well, we put up a bunch of videos today. Yeah videos were good. We did I have one two, three more DIY how tos queued up ready to go really which one's down with leash how to train sit with leash up and then we started CS recall on the remote you put that as a separate one. Yeah. It'll go tomorrow. Now we'll do what we do NCS because that one was all over the place. Yeah. Yeah, that was sort of like it's hard to make these how-to videos with you being sick because like they're going to be up forever and you sound so thick well quit they need to get done what they need to get done. And so I'll just hang out sick the boy disclaimer out like everybody Jeff SEC Jeff sick. Please excuse Jeff. He's sick. Yeah, maybe you should do that put a little star like every 50 seconds 52 seconds like every time we crack a silly joke, right? Jeff sick Jeff SEC that's not wise crack jokes, but I'm not sick. Yeah next frizzy. I just want to thank you so much. You've helped me more than anyone with my crazy Great Danes dog, reactivity loved you always good. That's really great to hear you. I think. Dog reactivity is one of the big ones that a lot of people struggle with I think that's if you don't if you don't have to worry about that, then that's really great. But people that struggle with it. I think it's really really hard because there's so much conflicting advice out there. That's one of the things that we work on here. I mean most dogs come in here reactive on a leash and just about every dog that comes in here is reactive. Yeah. So that's one of the things that we stop next. $4.99 top chat from Prairie pack. Thanks for all your help. It's so satisfying to work with my dogs and see all we can accomplish with guidance. That's that's that's really good. It's a great accomplishment to make progress, but I think that's like with that with anything you do. I mean, I think anything you do is you put the work into you make progress life dog training personal growth health physical fitness. Just anything any skill accident. She's story and your Abyss. It sucks that my husband isn't on the same page no leadership for Frozone, but the dog knows the ropes anyway on my end just more difficult to maintain. Yeah. I mean, it's one of those things where you have to you can sit down and have a discussion, but you might have to just pick your battles next. Okay Jay, we are scheduled for March 10th, drop off for board and train cannot wait. Oh, wow, that's coming right out. Yeah. It's coming up real soon. Actually. Wow. Five days cool. Awesome. That'll be fun. Yeah next MMC. Thanks so much of had rods for 35 years and I've never had one that barks. So weird a really wow. Just owning a dog that doesn't bark in general is just weird. Yeah, Rottweilers have it one hell of a bark historically do yeah, that's interesting. Okay Dean, how did both of you decide to be dog trainers? I decided by having a dog that 5000 got 15 years ago was probably more than that. But over 50 years ago that I didn't know anything. I was in the same boat as all of you know, I started like all of you did not knowing anything about anything and I had a dog that was out of control and nobody can help. That's how I started same. Yeah same if you a lot I think a lot of dog trainers start by default by they got a dog. Nobody could help them. They started doing the research. They realize that the reason they realized that the advice worked. They started helping their friends helping family helping other people and then all of a sudden decided to start training dogs, I think that's that's the story of a lot of people not too many people like, We're like came out of the womb training dogs. Next you always get that one to go ten dollars hype chat from Alpine fan. Thank you. Oh, you're welcome to cute little Emoji. They're super cute Denise. I'm south of Portland. We could have skiing on spring break if it's cool or fun at the beach if the weather is mild. Oh wow. So I guess it's a lot of stuff to do to do to do in Portland. I guess Jamie warming up here in New Jersey excited about getting outside again. Oh my God, me too. Yeah, me too. This weather sucks. Pretty sure my puppy is suffering from Cabin Fever. Don't forget to set your clocks ahead Saturday night. Yeah. I was just gonna call you again our Sunshine boy an hour of light. Yes sunshine if you have to start to shine and true. Yes, so I met lights. I have High Hopes. I think it will be I think it's changing. I think it's I think I think the sun is tried really hard. It's you yesterday when I went hiking I was sweating sweating. Yes. It was warm day. It was like the most Hence a little hike I'm like, this is gonna be a leisurely stroll. I was out there for like an hour and a half and it's like super steep. I'm like, I didn't even bring water like we're gonna die out here. Yeah. I'm literally gonna die out here your puree about hydration. I'm hungry. I'm thirsty my poor dogs 90 minute hike battle that's enough to kill the average foot. That's it. Like really like leisurely if you're that's about like sweating bullets kill the average person Benjamin hikes. Yeah water. Yeah, I know. No, it's right. You're lucky to survive that. You're lucky you survived and Smithfield, Rhode Island Smithfield Rhode Island. I mean dead in the woods elevation of 542 feet. It was like 300 something my watch told me. Oh Rolf. Look at that 300 feet. Whoo! You're up at the freaking oxygen deprivation Zone. Hey, I'm hiding Washington now. That's right. It was pretty cool next. I've got some skills. Brenda oh wait, hold on. There's different ones MMC. When are you coming to Northern California? I didn't see that on your schedule. There's nothing Portland. Is there going to be the closest this year? Most likely we're doing southern most likely we're doing Southern California. Nothing is scheduled for Northern California this year next Brenda. How much harder is it to train a five year old Shepherd as compared to a young one the pads would what what pre-existing conditions the dog already has sometimes it's easier. Sometimes probably training is really hard to do. It's really really hard to do because they've got limited attention spans. Sometimes training an older dog is easier believe it or not next and your best. Don't forget the video about how to vacuum the dog Joelle. Yep. That'll be on you because my stories last night. So I think she's responded. She's like I was like all freshly vacuumed. She's like the dog or the carpet. Oh, did you vacuum your dogs? No. Oh no that could be office. You don't care. I probably could I forget I have to tell Wes to get out of the way. I'll like bump right into him and he's just like he doesn't care not care. Akram thank you both for everything you do learning so much super fun to watch especially if you make her laugh, thank you. I tried I don't like try to make me laugh but she laughs lately. There's been not as much laughter though because know who's your freaking sake? Yeah. There's been some funding to death. That's not true. It's just been some shows that have been out of control. Yeah. I know. Yeah that elephant one. That was probably that lady. Where are you might be the last that but even though that might have been the last one the last one. Right trying to rehabilitate a three year old American Bully. She's not as reactive. She's not has reactive. She's got has reactions. Not Azria. Okay, hold on hold on will restrict feeding and training schedule help improve her recovery. Well a strict feeding won't have anything to do with it at all. But but routine will help just routine at all. But as far as I'm not sure about the reactive part. If she is reactive or she's not reacted, but putting your dog into a to a structured routine will help which includes feeding if you want to but strict feeding is not going to fix any problem whatsoever historically but a routine is good patterns or good stopping unwanted behaviors is good and then training what you want is good. That's what's going to help next. Music crafts and canines seven-month Rottweiler puppies training individually and doing well having issues with whining and Howling from one when taking the other out suggestions the behavior happens while created. Yep. So that's like a separation anxiety. They that happens a lot. As you said, I think you said their siblings, right? So that happens a lot so you can actually say no and bonk the crate know and use a remote coward. Correct the crate a lot of people say no don't do that. The dog will have a negative association. It's like no we won't. Dog already has the negative association. It's like you're not creating anything you're stopping stuff. You're stopping stuff. The only way to stop howling and crying is through a inhibitor. That's what that's how you stop stuff next in Erebus Jeff. You're so mellow today. No rants. Get some rest. Yeah. I know. I've been gone for a while for the last couple weeks for since Florida. I've been Bello Yeah, I'm just uh, I'm just exhaustion is one and sickness is another and yeah. Michelle Jeff you got me addicted to air pods. Not sure what I ever did without them. Oh those two are bad things. Yeah. I like mine. I lost a pair that found a pair. I thought I lost him out in the chucked it spot and then I was changing out here has water and there was an air pod in the bottom of her water bucket, and I'm like how the fuck could it Ear Pod be the the bottom of her water bus probably free confound it out there with her we sniffed it out. Oh my God, it smells like and white spit it out. Up, maybe I doubt it Success With You chances are it was probably filling up the bucket and it came out of my ear, but I did recognize it next Lee Anne. I hope you feel well soon Jeff tips on how to walk my to 5 month old puppies in a tandem leash. They refuse to walk properly. I want them to love their walks outside not fear it thanks. Well, what I would do is I would not use the coupler leash. I would put them on individual leashes. I would walk one at a time. And work one at a time up and down your driveway master that and that I would combine them both together what's happened is what is always to be jockeying for position, but if you can start getting but if you can start getting your dogs to start walking behind you and we have a spatial spatial pressure drill start doing that. You'll start getting your walks to be much more. Leisurely. You know, what we should do. This just really reminded me because we have to littermate puppies here right now. We should be Making like a little docu-series on like how to train littermates because wait helping people do this stage. The first thing we did was get them separated. So one Cree is at one end of the room one crates at the other because it was like it was literally like what am I looking for like It was just chaos if you took one out and he's got the other they freaked out. So we're like, you know, that's a dumb it down. That's the downfall not just litter mates. But as I think any dogs that live together that happens a lot that are or you that you never separate or you never work separate. Did you see this one? Did you I must have just come through. Oh, what seemed five dollar Canadian. Thanks again for all the content looking forward to when you come to Toronto. I'm going to try and make well, that'd be great. Yeah to Toronto seminar should be Lon. Find ten dollars from music crafts and canines. Thank you. Your memory is remarkable. Wow. Oh, cuz the puppies the littermate puppies Rottweilers. I don't know where we are anymore Leanne. Nope. So did you answer the one about the puppies walking? Yes, I did a worker at your it. I'm at KJ KJ 8 Weezy had to track down the farting video from a previous Q&A today just for a good laugh. I can't beat that one in the trunk lot of the best the FAA regarding one which one's the farting 100 when we were in, Texas. Just fart to distract your dog being like least reactive. Is that Texas? Was that Frederick? It was Texas the Texas Austin Texas anyone. That's great. It was a good one. Hold it on dog training. Okay. I got more seeing a lot of dogs who have lived together for a long time starting to fight. Do you see similar issues and homes that are having these problems happening. I sorta makes folks mellow. Yeah. I thinks what I think what happens is a lot of times things creep up on. On owners and they don't see all the sides until all of a sudden one day. It explodes like so it's a gradual thing. It's like it's just inevitable that it's going to happen. And then finally it reaches a Tipping Point and then it just happens. So I don't believe in like, oh, there's no sign there's historically always assigned. There's always a side but most owners don't see it because it creeps up on them or they're in denial next Michelle just finished Sean's book the other day and Other personal growth book recommendations. Oh, there's tons of stuff you can do. I mean there's tons of stuff mean it's Sean has got a good list. I would actually Shan Shan Shan has a resource. If you go to Sean's page. He is a resource on a lot of good personal growth books text skincare Queen. It looks like it's going to be multiple parts and I don't think she's done typing it yet. So I think we should get back to that Jack some of your video wanted it to I see. Yeah, but I think the two ends on like a weird. I don't know if there's more weird know what should their three? Okay. Hey guys, long time no talk. So my problem boy is ok in the crate when we're home some crying but stops when told now when you leave though, he'll break out of the crate. We can't leave him in an enclosed space with Gates because he will break out to right tonight. We try to eat. Are not an expensive one. I executed it how you did in your videos at a low level gradually went higher made it to a hundred no luck started with zapping at low level. Nothing went higher and higher. I went the more agitated. He got I'm Max it out with no luck. Okay, so there's an art to it. Sometimes you actually start out High instead of start it said of starting out low, but I but I'm not there and I need to see it in a lot of that's done by sight the last thing I I want anyone to be doing is just shocking their dogs randomly without understanding like what the dog is doing and then understanding the recovery time in between Corrections. And that also what I tell people to do is what's the rest of the day look like. So what's the rest of the day look like? So what you want to do is you want to make sure you're holding your dog accountable during the rest of the day you got lots of structure during the rest of the day. You've got a good routine. The rest of the day you're doing trading the rest of the day your work at duration the rest of the day and then make sure you secure your crate really really well with either zip ties or Clips next Jack some of your videos mentioned that too much affection is a lot of us owners make before having structure, but how much affection is too much? So, I mean, I think that's you know, all depends on with the behavioral issues are I mean, I'm not against affection and nobody got a dog not to be affectionate I find historically That people give their dogs just wait, they're always touching their dogs or the affection is unwarranted or they are just talking too much to their dogs instead of giving them a command and all the dog hears is blah blah blah blah blah if you want to talk to your dog about your problems, and if you want to just chit chat with your dog you go right ahead, but when it comes to asking your dog, or tell your dog what to do. I find that a one word command with a way to enforce it is going to be your most. Powerful thing I think with affection. I think I mean if you've got your dog, that's like aggressive you really should be cutting out almost all affection. If you've got a dog with separation anxiety, you probably should be cutting out a lot of affection. But if I told everybody to dope be affectionate with your dog ever, they would never listen. So I'm always like I say cut down dramatically on affection and then if they cut down 50% you know, I'll take it next. Velda my one-year-old. Do you see puppy doesn't like being pet by strangers that I know or don't know she pulls away and grumbles if they don't take her dodging them for an answer. So that's where it's up to you to say leave my dog alone. So I have I been a big fan of strangers Petty my dogs now some dogs don't mind some dogs are great with strangers. I mean if that's your final goal you could work towards that but to me historically I don't trust strangers with my dogs. I've seen people hug dogs kiss dogs pick dogs up and drop them. I've seen dogs people just do stupid stuff with dogs. They grab them by the jowls. They just they just they did they don't understand they do things because it makes them the human feel good and they're not reading the dog. They're not reading the dog next Tyson any tips on how to stop a dog from digging up the backyard. I'm in Canada. So she's digging snow now, but I'm scared that she's going to dig this summer. Well, I mean, I don't know I mean digging snow as one thing and digging the dirt is another. So but how do you stop a dog from digging a remote collar make digging suck but digging snow is one thing digging dirt is another. I we have dogs that dig holes in snow, but don't dig holes in dirt. I guess you don't know until the snow melts next Trixie out. Hi, Jeff and Joelle my six month old puppy was just spade and has been mildly biting my hand since she's had the cone on do I correct her or accept this as maybe a temporary Behavior. Thanks, by the way. Hope you're feeling better. Jeff. You still sound pretty congested. I'm very congested. So what I would do is I would absolutely if it does code is on how I mean, It means your heads are by its head which it happens. I would cut I would still correct it. I would give your dog a free pass from surgery for nippy at you next Brenda. What e-collar do you recommend? What do we carry out our website which is the e-collar technology media educator 300. next Ville de I'm proactive by saying no, but that doesn't stop everyone. Is there something more effective to say then she doesn't like it. The grumbling has gotten her accused of being aggressive dangerous. Well, if that was true most people's grandparents would be aggressive and dangerous. So I think I think just the word just what makes me happy to see you throw it in your freaking dry ass jokes here and there. Oh, okay cool. So it's on the mend. I think the word no is a word. So if no isn't followed up with a consequence then no has no value just keep that in mind. So just the word no is an English word. So it has to have something connected to it that has its intolerable. So no was maybe something uncomfortable afterwards now know has value that's why we bought next. No, I think she's saying no. To the people. Oh try to touch the dog. Oh, well, then you say get the fuck away from me next. Um and your Abyss I know it's Sabrina, but I just always have to read it that way. I've managed to turn Frozone into a non barking spits. It's so inbred though, the he reverse at times. So thankful for the e-collar training saves my nerves. Yeah. I mean, I'm sure there's some dogs that you just can't override certain things and them but that doesn't mean a cattle dog should be biting or border collie should be money children because they weren't bread to bite children. They were bred to bite but not children. So but so you know dogs do bark dogs do bark next skincare Queen. We're pretty heavily structured throughout the day dogs are usually in place and we have them sitting when told down one toll lots of structure. Okay, we reinforce the cage tonight so we can't break out but he's trying to bite and push his way out still weird scares me. We have bunked right in the middle of the behavior works for a minute or for the day then back to the same stuff. Yeah, I mean so you might have to get a nine cheap-ass remote collar. But again, You would make the the act of biting the trying to break out of the crate uncomfortable. I mean you sort of have to because if the dog breaks out of the crate, it can hurt itself out of the creek creates a the probably the safest place for most dogs to be in next Sabrina grown-ups touching dogs are worse than kids seriously historically. Yes. That's what we see as well skincare Queen at what point do you think rehoming is a better option of tried what seems to be everything and now we're Tapped Out Of money from spending on vet bills saving for our baby Etc other dogs, you can just not that you cannot train or break bad behavior. I think there are absolutely I mean I haven't worked with this dog. I don't know enough about this dog. I would never tell you to re-home a dog that I have not, you know II don't have way way way way more information and probably some hands-on experience. I think it's a personal choice. I think that And I have empathy for people that have to re hope I really really do I really do. I mean, I think we have to think about the quality of life of the human being and skincare couid. You want you and me to go to a lot of people say you should L wear dog is is it for a lifetime and it's a commitment but it's like, you know what though? I could see that and I agree but also your life is a commitment and you want to you want to you can't be homeless and you also are saving for a baby. Add so what I would do is again, I have it don't know what Colour your using. I don't know you're all your protocols. It would be a disservice it disrespectful to give you any sort of rehoming advice through a podcast like this next sit right now. But as far as like other dogs, you cannot trade or can't break bad behavior. I think that there are dogs that are capped. I mean, I think level excuse me. Hmm. Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry. I think that there are dogs that are That the level of expectation is going to be at a certain level that might not be the level expectation that you want your dog to be at mean dogs. They test dogs it. For working dogs, we have litters all the time and they just don't you're not going to make it. We're going to get rid of you. I mean, it happens all the time. So I think if you're looking for a family pet and it's not fitting into your lifestyle and you're doing everything you possibly can and you're on a limited budget and your dog is doing the dangerous Behavior. I have empathy for you. I really do and some people will say. Oh, that's terrible. You should do everything possible. It's like well agreed but like to to who's suffering To who's suffering? So, you know, I mean, I've had it I've had to put down dogs that were not safe enough. Like, you know, I'm not a miracle worker and you know, the safety of my children is more important that the dog sorry. That's just how I feel. I don't think a dog's life is more valuable than a human life. Just how I feel and a lot of people will say that's terrible. You should have like found a sanctuary like there's not too many sanctuaries. They're going to take a kid aggressive dog. It sounds good on paper, but it's like there's not too many. Sanctuaries, it'll do that and Sanctuary usually means 24/7 in it crate. That's usually what your historical Sanctuary looks like. And what kind of life is what kind of life is that? And is it better than a dead life? Some people might think it is but there's so many variables. There's so many variables next Dakotas. It's hey guys about working with my dog on recovering from a dog attack at the park now a week ago a neighbor dog surprise attacked us on a walk. I should have brought my bat now. We're set back. Fuck my God. Yeah. You should have brought definitely carry a hiking stick with you. And get ready to just whack a dog in the head with it. You know, that's that's one of the reasons why we get why a lot of dogs get leash reactive is from dog attacks happens all the time. It's like they're Mighty their own business. You're walking down the street and all of a sudden a random dog just comes running up to you and attacks you always friendly and the next thing you know, your dog is like, yep, I dog is least reactive happens all the time. Next. Yep or dog aggressive. Yes. Michelle I'm working Maverick on coming out of the crate calmly he will wait for the break command but still bolts out like a bat out of hell no food. I realized it's not helping what Jeff do so, I would Michelle I would keep a leash on the dog and I would pop the dog into a Sit as soon as your dog came out and your break command should be definitely neutral like break and they just have a dog come out and sit sit. Or doubt next acre Volk. Hi, Jeff and Joelle I have to service dogs and they have pretty good manners. Would one of your workshops benefit us. If you're tried to we're number one in general. Yes, they would if you're trying to eliminate some be some of the unwanted behaviors absolutely but you can also come as an audit without the dogs. You can bring one of your dogs that needs the more help and others. We're help it under the other as far as stopping your whites and behaviors the Ours are geared towards their called problem-solving seminars because we solve people's problems. So definitely next Michelle should I switch to hear instead? So he comes to me and said of bolting out of the crate, at least he comes to me. I don't know he needs to chill you could it wouldn't hurt. I mean, I don't know if I don't know if a change of a word is going to make a difference, I think by popping the dog into a sit or Poppy the dog into it down is going to slow the dog down a little bit keeping the dog on a leash in general is going to Oh the dog down a little bit next Sabrina. I'm so brain farted currently. Give me something weird to work on. I've done the basics. Just seriously stock not quite ready to vacuum Frozone though. Do sitting in chairs. Oh, yeah, that's always try that do sitting in chairs next Brenda Jeff. I'm using an e-collar for out-of-control barking but it's like I have to keep pushing the button. I'm going to order the e-collar you sell. Is there a setting you would suggest don't bark setting I mean? No, I mean the setting is variable on the dog that keep it by the dog controls the remote the dog controls the remote always remember that so make sure you got Proper fit and then the dog controls the remote and you know, a lot of people will say. Oh maybe you need to exercise your dog more fi exercises dog more dogs that are exercised are those not stop barking. A lot of people say a tired dog is a good dog. Okay until it's not tired again, and then it's back to back to square one. So I don't want my dog to have to be tired to behave I want my dog to behave whether it's tired or not. Text can you elaborate on what you mean by the dog controls remote though? Because she really might not know how to use be. So what I need what I mean by that is what level do you use to stop The Barking if you're if you've got the remote it comes to the owners manual number one. It's a read the owners manual number to make sure you've got proper fit on the the dog the owners manual will tell you that plus we've got videos on the proper fit and then when the dog barks say quiet or no and you would give the dog a quick momentary stem if the dog keeps barking it's not high enough so the dog controls the remote if the dog goes oh and that stops barking well then that's the right level sometimes you have to figure it out it's like fishing it's like what level does it get a take and that's what level right now like tomorrow and might be at a different level historically then the dog will get underneath voice command and it'll stop without Through boat but be prepared to have the remote on for a while. I think a lot of people what they do is they rush things, they rush things and that also thinking about you know, the rest of the day and I always say that a lot like what's the rest of the day look like and it went what I mean by that is a lot of people what they're doing is they're along the dogs to practice a lot of unwanted behaviors and then Then what happens is did where they want the dog to behave they're like surprised that it doesn't next KK. I keep missing your chat. So they change where can I find the time? Well, they've been going up in back and forth lately, which we tried wewe did officially moved up to 7 p.m. Eastern Standard Time Monday, Wednesday and Saturday. I think the other day we had to do it at eight. So that's which we try to do it consistently at the end if you join our Channel and you turn on your notifications, you'll get it. Alert next also Facebook usually the morning. I will post the time right Kayla. I corrected the first time every activities other dogs while on the leash dog looks away then looks back do I correct again? Does that mean it's not high enough you could I mean if the dog if a dog did react it's not the worst thing but definitely I mean the goal is it depends if I put your dog in to avoid its or not. So some dogs we have to put into avoidance. We don't want them looking at all depends on how bad the reactivity is. Sometimes the devil can get the other dog can set the set your dog off. So what we do is we will absolutely just be like, nope. You can look at the dog. But if you if you hit the remote with the dog looked at the dog when it was loading loading means it's the beginning stages of being reactive and then the dog all of a sudden looked away. And then look back but didn't react. That's not the worst thing next Dakota sets. Yeah, since that first initial attacks. You became aggressive toward larger dogs, and now I can tell the aggression is even more prevalent the training won't stop but it's so maddening and sad. Yeah it is. I think it's really really upsetting because it sets people back and you know, your dog was minding its own business and I don't think people understand just how how how Frustrating it is to have an off-leash dog attacked your dog. My dog's have been attacked by off-leash dogs before and then they go into this mode of like I'm going to get you before you get me and it goes down this really really really long journey that can be very very very very frustrating for a lot of odors. That's why a lot of our information is a lot of our information. It's like you might say, oh, I don't need that information now. Now or I would never do that, but be open to it because you don't know when you'll be in that position or maybe the dog you oh now doesn't have that behavioral problems, but you might eventually owned a dog that does have those behavioral problems next 499 top chat from the noble dogs. I started using here for both come and walk in heels and sit every time I stop moving thoughts and concerns seems to eliminate a stat making it easier. I think I'm Grant if it makes So I'm not going to tell you how to train your dog. So in other words if you find four the word here is saving you a step in your odors are also using it and it's working for the owners. They do it. They do it. A lot of people do that. Why didn't we use the word here? We use the word he'll to walk next to us. But if you want to use the word here to mean come here and walk next to me then do it then do it. So I think It's played out for a little bit. Play it out. Do do some trial and error on that one next. Sabrina thank you. I will definitely have him sick great challenge. I forgot the name of the stands you use and the training center. I remember there in Amazon. Those are just box jumps, but you can do it on a pike the actual climbs those black ones, but the red ones are just Box jobs are just standard box jumps at Amazon, but you can just use a just use a chair just take a chance take a folding chair or kitchen chair to a chair don't spend any extra money. You've got chairs your house. I'm sure. next next skincare Queen gol de jeu sweatshirts a avocado I need it does you want the best I think you were there almost every day it's clean it's like I sweat in it oh I don't care if it's clean or not yeah I love this was just going to say you really like the color yeah it's a great color I deny everything avocado I've put that shit on everything I live off avocados avocados are your are your is it is that what kind of water fruit it's a fruit because it has a seed so it has a big ass seed fruit it's amazing it's just like you know how you know how hard it is to find a ripe avocado oh I got so many right now do you really so you know what I've started doing at Trader Joe's is I by ones that are almost right yes they'll ask me the week and then I buy a bunch that are not even close to ripe or I'll buy ones that are ripe wait what am I now so I do it in like a certain way so I'll buy a bunch of ripe ones Trader Joe's usually you can find some right I'll keep those in the Ridge because it takes me a while to get through them. All right, and then I buy unripe ones by the time I'm through my ripe one's name for the new one. Yeah a great system. I have the ID avocado. I think the avocado there's like a scam going on. It's like Trader Joe's always has pretty go but like so many times when the avocado displays they'll say these will be ready to borrow a bike. How do you fucking know? It's like how do you know these we are in Faster by putting it in a brown paper bag brown paper bag? Yes. I did bananas, too. To yes, I know. All right it all but it but let it know it all but bananas are think easier to predict I think bananas ripen bananas ripe it quicker than avocados. Definitely. Yeah, I think avocados could take a large Trader Joe's has these teeny tiny avocados and they're the perfect size. They come in a bag. Yes, like a mesh bag are like this big though. So you don't have to freaking cut it in half and then the other half goes Brown unless you eat it in the same day, but like who needs that much avocado. One day so the TV Tiny's it's like boom use it all at once. It still has the pitted it though. Obviously. Yeah, it's like so little so you say you eat the whole avocado or was yes, that's pretty cool. but you couldn't have yeah, how else do you get the stuff out? Right? Yeah. I don't know. I wonder there's like a formal way to cut it out Mikado and it's kind of cut it cut it in half and scoop it out this tell it down. So good weather to Elsie said did you start at 7? We did we say a sevens like our new official time. We're trying to start because we're trying to get out of here a little bit earlier because the days of Z says Jeff sounds better really fuck. You're the only one to think. So yeah, definitely that started better. $4.99 top 10 from the noble dogs. How is Kira doing? We're just some fun highlights and stories about her peers. Give a shit cures to a pretty good. She's dummy. There's nothing we haven't really been doing. I haven't really been doing anything with my dogs that were to give every day or just about that the other day. It's like I'm just worried. I'm just exercising my dog's daily. That's about it. That's about hikes. Yeah, that's exercise. But I mean, it's like not just like playing ball like you're taking them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but about doing like any really bite work or said work or anything like that. Yeah. So that's just lazy to sell my part next skincare Queen said, it's a fruit. I got to stay home when I get avocados you get a catch those suckers at the perfect time. No, I can't go out. My avocado is about to be raped. Cheers, it's a good excuse to make it is you want to watch tonight? I can tell no my avocado might have ocado is right. It might be or a bite ripen. But you know you love avocado. When you have a sweatshirt that says I freaking rock this thing ever and I get so many compliments on it and I'm like avocado. Yeah, it's life people like it's a beautiful color. It is it's red color. I like that color too. Earthy green. I haven't Earth. I have a couple of kado green. I have a couple of avocado green shirts. You wear one, right? Now there by well ya know your sweater. Oh this yeah police police. That's it. That's it. All right guys, we're gonna say good night. Anyway, it's passed an hour. You need rest. Yeah. So maybe sometime in 2020, Jeff will feel better. Yeah be back to the routine will be back to a regular 90-minute show, but it's been hard lately. It's been hard. I know I kicked that sicknesses ass. right back to it then I'm tried tried Cecil bunions tonight all right everybody madly in love with you take care I'll see you everybody later we'll see everybody wide so what's today Wednesday to Saturday night at 7 p.m. Eastern Standard time we'll see everybody again they'll be loved with all of you thank you all so much for fantastic show and don't forget Jeff Gillman seminars.com get your tickets to an upcoming seminar all right thanks bye