Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year. This is the packaged a podcast. Well, welcome everybody to another edition of The Faculty podcast. Thanks again for joining us today. My name is Zane Connick and were one person short in our Trio today. It's just me and my partner Matt fralick today Matt. Are we going to be okay without? Nels I choose the glue we will this whole crew but you know, do you know holds it down? I feel like she talks to you and I off a ledge once in a while. It's true, you know, I and in all seriousness, I like to joke around but Jenelle is missing because of she has a parent parent coaches meeting night for the softball team. She coaches so I give her a lot of credit just another another thing under plate that she's doing but it's that time of the year for me to Dan in two weeks. We have pitchers and catchers reporting for the baseball team. I'll be coaching at Green. By Southwest so it's just it's geared up. Like it doesn't seem that way but like the weather. I don't know about in Detroit area or but probably 85 today. Yeah, so you even I mean you're getting a heat wave that way ours is like 40 or 45. So it's the one of the one of the coaches yesterday. He goes. Yeah, we're probably gonna be like on the turf in the next week and a half. I'm like, that's very optimistic. So we'll see what happens. But yeah, it's just you and I hold it down. I think I think we can manage though. We'll see what we can do for your we'll muddle through and get something out here. so right off the bat mat before we got into the meat of our episode, I think we wanted to kind of address a few things floating around the packer twitterverse at the moment you obviously with we just wrapped up the combine and so we're officially now in 100% offseason draft mode and everything in it everything that comes along with that which includes free agency and and rumor season rumors. He's that's exactly that's the best way to put it. It's just complete room or season and really more to the point. It's complete BS season because pretty much everything here is going to BBS but since we talked about because you know, I mean some of its going to actually come true, you know, one of the big things Matt is the impending free agency of a couple of key Packer players in bryantville August one of those and the way that the kind of the Weather vane is pointing right now from stuff that we're hearing around around the league and around the area will give credit. To the guy at match nyman from the athletic covers the Packers you the the topic came up with him and he was kind of saying some stuff about it of that. It's really seems like Brian belaga is going to be gone at least from kind of the stuff that he's hearing around the the league and I know, you know met I'm sure you've seen it and I've seen it, you know, all the different like poles and predictions of if you can keep this free agent. This one and this with this combo. Who do you keep and you know for me I always felt Brian belaga was kind of the the most important one going in going into this offseason. But yeah from what match time Ben was kind of saying again, not not confirming anything or saying that there was there was any kind of real facts behind it, but just kind of the general vibe that he gets is that blaga probably played his last last down. A packer for sure and it was just it was basically like not what he hopes the article like my dearest not what he hopes. The Packers are do it. Just what he thinks the Packers will do and people you know, I'm not even going to really say who it was but a lot of people took it and ran with it across the board Packers Twitter, it leaked into like an Instagram account or two and even some like across the board in Minnesota towards Janelle's way some account. So it's one of those things where I think either match Steinman said in his article or even in the comments it was if we go like that A year ago, like everyone was talking about how like we needed to replace Brian belaga and like Billy Turner was kind of the Savior to that right side of the line. So it's funny now to look forward in like you and I are in the same camp Dan of yeah, I still want Brenda laga like he was solid at her super good year like the only game he really missed his he was actually active but he was just sick. So it would be nice to bring back bulaga, but who knows who knows what's gonna happen if they're gonna you know, they do have a little bit more flexibility with Billy Turner right there if they slide him over the right they could get Luke. As Patrick in their play me on the right side to the Right Guard like and they'll dear you don't know what's going on. So there's that possibility. But again, it's a rumor season. That's sc's SZ n rumor season. So all in all like grind blog is still on the team will see what he gets paid. But yeah, well, I'm excited for this episode and I think it's going to be fun to just figure out who knows what and who knows rumors and lies about the CBA. Yeah, definitely and and that that is our our topic today. You know for me Matt the CBA, it's that one thing that comes around its like the World Cup almost yo, I don't follow I follow English soccer and a little bit of like European. Okay stuff and some of the MLS but like the national stuff. There's always stuff going on when there's not the World Cup, but the World Cup only happens every four years and that's when you actually really start to care about it and learn about everybody. I feel like the CBA is the same way. Comes around every 10 years. I don't really pay attention to it. And then 10 every 10 years. I get like, you know involved with it. Well, I should say every 10 years. It's only really happened. Like this is like the second time when I've been you know able to really process what's going on. But you know, it's it's very juicy. There's a lot going into it and I think that, you know, the idea that it only comes around every 10 years kind of makes for it to be a little bit interesting as well. And I think we wanted to kind of Breakdown, you know our look at what is being proposed right now, you know look at it from kind of both sides of the coin who it's benefiting where it's kind of probably going to be some of the changes that we haven't seen yet. And then I think also too we want to take a look at the CBA from our perspective and what kind of changes we make to it if we could be in on the board room and have a chance to you know, Put something into the CBA. What is that? You know a couple things that we'd like to see make its way in there. So before we get into it, man, I want to preface that if you really looking to get super into what the CBA is all about go find everything that Dominic Foxworth. Yeah from ESPN has done because you know that guy he is it not only is he just playing? Lane straight up one of the smartest like people that I've ever like, you know gotten to read all their stuff or you just kind of get information from uses super intelligent, but though he was in that, you know, all of those negotiations last time in 2011. So he's got the he's got the inside knowledge of how things kind of work and really take a look at it. So if you're looking for real in-depth stuff that highly recommend him you and I are just kind of going off of what we've read and kind of Figure out ourselves and that's the thing to Dan. I want to like again if if you want real hard core data like go find Dominique Foxworth dude is super smart. He's like with the NFL and nflp. He's gotten involved with like the Senate and Congress before in the past and just legislation. Like he's an intelligent guy and he was a darn good quarterback for the for the Broncos for a while back in the day, but again, like we aren't experts and we're trying to fill it in and at the same point Dan like there isn't a lot of Good data out there. It's a lot of hearsay. It's a lot of like here's the five six seven eight things that everyone's talking about. That is that it's pretty much the owners from what it sounds like is leaking to the media, but we don't really know what the multiple hundred page document really looks like and I think we'll touch on that a little bit as we get into it may be why the player reaction is as such but no one really knows exactly what's going on right now because there's no we don't have the full document. All we're getting is like, you know 280 characters on Twitter and A link from a different article that that's all we're really Gathering right now at this point for like hardcore data. Yeah, definitely. And so the the kind of the breakdown of it if you still have any kind of seen it or been familiar with it. The biggest thing is the revenue split. Obviously, it could jump what they're saying is that it could be up to 48 percent for the players. I think I think it was about 46% for the times when I say six and a half. Start yet, and I think over three years ago a half a percentage. So I think that's what it is. Yeah, and so the you know, so the big thing is that it, you know, quote unquote will give or mean about five billion dollars more to the players the other big thing actually honest, you can probably say it's the biggest thing Matt is the idea of the extra the extra game on to the season 17 17 regular season games the change to the playoff. Format where more teams are getting in and only one team gets a bye so for so just as a you know thousand-yard view from this, what's your biggest takeaway from kind of the stuff that's getting leaked out. You know, what's when you look at it? What do you look in and see like that really stuck out to you for sure. So first and foremost, yeah, like you said to him the increase in profit is great. In the half a percentage is like half a percentage isn't much like if you and I are going to buy a card and like half themselves like yeah, whatever. It's an extra 20 bucks and I'm going to get like leather seats. That's cool like a half a percentage now in this Revenue bargaining. What did you say it what it's like, I think it's I think it breaks down to like a hundred million dollars each half a percent it goes up and then that boils actually down to only like $70,000 per player per year. So it is a lot of money like I've never made seventy seventy thousand dollars in my like In a calendar year, but these players are going to be able to make you know additional cash on top of what they already making so that's important to note and then it increases for three years that half percentage show at the certain point you'd be getting close to that, you know quarter million dollar range over three years time. If you're still in the league, the second is the more games like in that this has been the push sense, you know, ten years ago. It was you know, what are we going to do? 17 games? Is it 18 games? We get rid of two preseason games. Do we get rid of one preseason game? So that was kind of always on the table. And at least in the back of my head like okay at some point it's going to happen. Like I don't even think it was a I think it was it's has always been on the table. And that was the one of the chips that the the owners always knew that they would have at least for leverage, you know come now, but the one that's really kind of you know that you mentioned that sticks out to me is expanded playoffs like that one kind of slap me by the head. Like I didn't expect that that was a that wasn't anything. I really was anticipating. I could you know, and especially if you're coming by Doing that with the regular season extension, like that's that's an extra potentially two more games. So when I play with the made the wild card and you know, the obviously they added the 17th game. That's just a lot more wear and tear on the body players already concerned about that and then, you know branching off that I did hear from Pat McAfee when I listen to his show the other day things like last week. He talked about the implementation of free health care and then actually on former players being able to have access to that and of course, you know him being a former player and whatever he's like what I would love that but you know, I understand like there are reasons why you getting this extra Revenue getting this free healthcare. It's not, you know, it's not Apples to Apples. Just when you're getting extra games there has to be some other stuff within this document that we're not seeing and that's the problem that we're we're coming across is that there's players I would say 95% of them are pissed off and that we're talking the big hitters like JJ Watt our beloved Aaron Rodgers pouncy. I don't know if anyone saw his video. Yo, but holy cow, dude. Dude was amp. He was not happy about it. Go look that up. Richard Sherman obviously is always going to take the player side. He's you know, he it's safe to say he doesn't like business, you know, billion-dollar business men quandary digs like those are just to name a few there was one dude. I think it's the the player represented for the Lions. Is it Canard? He was like the one that actually wants for it because he he just saw the dollar it seemed like and then Richard Sherman got new. Is his Twitter replies and I think they hashed out but that's earned some controversy with in locker rooms to because like now you're putting guys up. So go ahead. Well and on top of that today it was it was reported by Peter King from the New York Giants neat solder. The offense title came out and said that he supports what the the proposal that came into the CBA now, so, you know, there's there there is a split on on this in the players side of things which I don't necessarily think is a bad thing a lot of you know, there's there's a lot of like crosstalk between you know players need to be completely 100% one way or the other to show solidarity. But I mean this is this is a negotiation of you know, the labor agreement but probably in the you could say is the biggest labor agreement in the country at this point, you know with what with all the money that Going between so few of you know employees. So I think dissent and disagreement is good is good for the conversation, you know for me. I think the I think the biggest thing that they came from it again was that you know, there's there's this push to add more and more games but there's there's really no like give back on the owner side of that. From the game side, which really kind of makes me question how badly they want 17 games. Is it more just a bargaining chip kind of thing because you know, there's there's really no benefit for the players because it just adds to the risk of another injury. There's no extra. Bye week to compensate for the added game and the game check is capped at Dollars at least for the first couple of years as they you know, kind of permeate the contracts out and everything. So at least for the first couple of years, you've got a lot of these guys a lot of you guys like Aaron Rodgers Tom Brady Drew Brees guys that are in the last Leo part of their career, you know by no means are they hurting for money, but they're the ones going out there and putting basically their career on the line every single time. They go and play the game because it honestly could be the last time ever single time for some of these guys and they're going to be making less money in these next couple of years, which could be really the only years they have left. So it really makes me kind of wonder how how much the the how much of this is actually something that they really want because there's really no much benefit for the players and You know, like like I just you're always just looking for the piece like what's the other piece? Yeah, but I think that's just what we're missing right now Dan like why like, I don't see how like you're adding more games, right and I get that and I'm like, I'm in the camp of like, I love football. I understand the health risks that go behind it. And I think everyone that plays football at this point. We know what the health risks are behind. It's not really smoke and hers anymore. So I think we can understand like it footballs great. I want more football. But at the same point like I'm not the one strapping up and go on to play. However, I'm going to look at the player or the actual human being and be like, I don't really think you're getting compensated that well like the extra money is great from revenue, but at the end of the day like you're going to play Let's just say you play eight more years, right? You play an extra you start right now you're drafted this year and let's obviously are not installing the CBA this year would be like following year or even two years after the fact once you have the 17 game like you so let's say you're a rookie and 2022 you play 17 games and your team makes the playoffs and like you multiply all those extra games. You have to play if you weren't if you were drafting every ten years prior, it's going to add up to multiple Seasons like it's going to be a season and a half like you're taking money off the table that you actually could have made and a yearly contract and like you said, like what I just doesn't seem apples to Like it's something's missing and it clearly seems like it doesn't really balance out if all these players are saying no like if it was more of a majority 50/50 split I could maybe see it may be that they're just maybe guys maybe want to be more greedy. They want more compensation. They want, you know, private jets like Roger Goodell tried to get like at some point their hat. We have to get all the data collected to see really if it's fair and I'm not going to read the whole report. I'm just going to take the blurbs. From it but it just doesn't seem like it adds up right now. Yeah, and and the thing too is, you know, we can't speak for what the players actually value. You know, we do ya like if we're looking at it as an outside Observer like the extra game it seems unnecessary from the health risk, but to them it honestly couldn't like they really, you know couldn't care, you know, maybe some of them like they they see that extra money and they say that it's worth. The risk to you know to make that happen. So, you know, we can't necessarily just we can we can talk about this but you know, we can't just say blanket like, you know, like it can't happen because of health risk, or is it because some of these people you know, it really could you know benefit benefit them on that side. And the thing too. I think we have to look at Matt is the the timing of this because you know as kind of dummy fox fur was was mentioning in some of the stuff that I heard was that, you know, it really came out of nowhere that this you know, all of a sudden here's the CBA proposal, you know, there was there wasn't a lot of run up to it and you kind of Wonder like why do the reasoning behind that and the idea is that you know, the kind of argument is that they're looking to nail down broadcasting contracts, you know for the next couple next couple of years, and honestly, I think Matt just from kind of my again my Layman perspective on this. I think that that really putting out this early kind of favors the players a little bit more because you know, you and I both work in you know, marketing media all of that. You know, we're kind of talking about that before we came on, you know. It's it's grown the the advertising and media area has grown significantly in just the past 10 years and it's very it's very likely that in the next five years. The landscape is going to change immensely. I mean two years ago. We didn't have YouTube TV and who live to watch sports, you know, and I think from the NFL side, I think they want to nail down these contracts now before things changed. Before the landscape changes even more and they're in a worse position because you know, yeah, it's 20 months from now before the CBA expires, but the landscape could vastly change and just at time so, you know, I think I think that it the onus is more on the owners to get this done rather than on the player side and I think that works in a player's favor because the players can say, you know, we'll go we don't care if we're playing on, you know, YouTube or or fox or whatever. We're still going to Make you know, the basically the same amount of money. So I think coming out this early really favors the players. Yeah. Yeah, they don't care like if it's going to be broadcast on Amazon Prime and I have a Prime account like I'll watch it but they don't they it doesn't really make a difference to them and Pat McAfee was talking last week in this episode. I'm referencing just about how 10 years ago how the NFL really had a really good PR run at this. I'm That Kind of breaks down into like our realm Dan a little bit of the marketing campaign of where the NFL was. Of viewed it as or transitioned the blame to the players where although the owners were like locking them out or not, letting them in the building. It almost seemed like the players were on strike them. They weren't entering a building they're avoiding it. But like in reality they couldn't and just it seemed like whoever acted first last time which it seemed it was definitely the owners that now it's just kind of a power struggle you're trying to figure out who has the power so initially it seemed like it was the owners that started bringing. This up to like you said negotiate for the TV deal the broadcasting deal and whatever else may develop like who knows maybe five years from now. We're viewing games on Tik Tok like that could be maybe there's a maybe there's a new app. Maybe there's a new app that comes out there were watching on there or maybe tick-tack. She's like, you know what I'm gonna take your game here to enough our game. I'm going to Crunch it down to 20 minutes because I know the attention span of everyone in this world. So who knows but at the same point like They're good. They have to get ahead of the curve and I think the way the enemy the players have least tried to combat that even though I don't think they've done it correctly explain. Why is the players have at least started talking about it and getting it out in the open and communicating with each other? Unfortunately, it doesn't seem that. They're actually like telling us why I like what's wrong. Like do you want an extra half a percentage per year. Do you want, you know XYZ do you want like you have to kind of like in a negotiation like it's fine and dandy. You know say you don't like something or you like this but like you have to tell us specifically what you I guess not us, but for us for us as fans to want to always take the side of a player. I'm always probably going to take the side of a millionaire or a billionaire. That's just me. Like I tell me why Aaron Rodgers tell me why JJ why you don't like this? Like give me give me some substantial reasoning behind that and if they were able to do that, I think that would give them even more leverage over the owners true very true. And you know, it's still like I said, it's Still very early on all of this, you know, but just kind of the initial responses that you know, the owners very clearly have a impotence to get this done quickly and the pushback from the majority of the players is let's pump the brakes on it. We're you know, we want to make sure that this gets done correctly and one of the one of the players and I mean that Loosely like in quotes players not a football player one of the players within this whole thing is like the Stories like those poor guys, like where do they even stand right now? They're not even full-time employees yet. Like they haven't been as far as I know. I don't think anything happened last few years that I've missed. But like these poor guys like Tony Romo sign and 17 million dollar deals players are getting an extra 250 million like the the referees are just thrown under the bus. Habitually, it's terrible. Like there should be something for these guys or and women like there's there's got to be something that the NFL's needs to do for them. Well, and I wonder too if you know With with everything that happened this year. Maybe I'm just a prisoner of the moment and also to maybe this isn't something that can be negotiated in a CVA. But you know how many times have we seen players come out after controversial moments that you know referees didn't make a call or decided not to go to the you know the review or you know, even with the new pass interference this year. You know, how much is that an issue for four players? In the upcoming CBA of you know, maybe there's something that the players want more control over what's getting implemented into the game each year in the rules committee or you know, something like that, you know, I think there is there's a very symbiotic relationship between the referees and players and kind of that sense is you know, we're both here to make the game work and you know, let's help each other. Let's help each other do that kind of thing. Absolutely. So let's let's let's get into the The hypothetical realm mat let's let's sit down with the bargaining table. You and I and we've got we've got an we've got a front row seat here to everybody. You know, you're sitting in front of Jerry Jones and Roger Goodell and everybody else and you've got you've got, you know two minutes to give your elevator pitch for what you want in the CBA. And you know, I'm giving you I'm giving the leeway of you know, even stuff that proud that will never be implemented, you know, whatever it is. Like you don't need to be presidential about this you get three things three ways. What are you putting in? What are you proposing? You have to go first? Because I'm any time we do these day and I feel like you have better ideas that I always do is I'm gonna go first I swear I like I'm not even like I just every time I forget something like and I was like, I was like listen whatever else you is have some creative angle that I just completely I'll go first. If you want to know no you can you can Trump you can't wrap my point. So the first one I want to see is kind of branches off the free healthcare. I think that's great for the players. We've obviously seen just how detrimental it can be to the health. And if you watch the Aaron Hernandez documentary and Netflix, you even know even how much just how Wild the football can play a toll on you even if there's other things going on your life, but I think next to healthcare most importantly is like an accounting in sort of An investment situation where I don't want to say players have to pay into a trust fund and they get paid out because I know there is something set up like that. But like let's give these guys a chance. Like if they don't make it in the league after the first year to like give them some sort of backing through the nflpa through the NFL like former players situation where they're able to at least have some backing for, you know, a year or two to 24 months, whatever it is where their help getting their their money manage and Some things in place like that, but let's really make it a personal level and maybe they're just like life skills like something how to apply for a job do a resume Network, you know, learn these soft skills that once your let's be honest, like once you're 30, like you're probably out of the league like that's really what it comes down to. So, let's see these guys be able to maybe become a dominant Dominique Foxworth of the nflpa. Let's see these guys that are, you know taking on different initiatives. So I think that just overall like a Health and Wellness And accounting invested something around that angle. The second thing is I believe this was talked about right when it came out a couple weeks ago, but just the legalization of we'd like I think it to this point if we're suspending players for this it's it's asinine every time it happens. There's a joke about it. Now. I think there is definitely a conversation. We had between medicinal marijuana use and habitually abusing substances and I point towards you know, I'd hate to call him out but Josh Gordon, There or even there's another player at sipping my mind, but were there just consistently not only smoking weed. They're drinking excessively doing other drugs. Like I think they're just needs to let's just get one of them off the table, like let them use weed if they're using you know, pop before games like whatever I think that does put them at risk just for some other situations and I don't think they're gonna be handling things is properly but some people have, you know build a tolerance. So let them have that and I think that that will just eliminate some other issues as far as the prescription pills that they're on the team a push and all that and that and that got that got pushed out there is that that was part of the CBA stuff. So I think that's not, you know completely off the wall for sure. And then the third thing I think just let these players have some damn font like really like let stop with this rules of like you can't have custom cleats during games. You can't wear you know, whatever is I don't think you should be at home. During $250,000 watches Odell Beckham, but at some point like let them wear something that's a little flashy like let him have a towel that you know, they're like let them have let him have some fun like the NBA like the NBA let's these guys do all this stuff like you're trending more and more towards the MLB where it's like it's that old headed mentality were it's again no fun League. Like I don't know what that entails and I know you have to, you know, draw a line somewhere and they have brought that back a little bit with celebrations. That was cool. But let's like again, A little have custom cleats let them raffle those cleats off like let some of that money go towards Charities let him give back to their communities or their their neighborhoods. They grew up in or the school. They went to high school middle school college, like let them do what they want. Let them Market themselves and like don't think every single time that JJ Watts out in the press or Odell Beckham's get some shoes on like that. It's just a negative thing and you have to get some percentage off that NFL like let them do their thing. Let them Market themselves and let them just Fun and it's only going to just drive attention from people that normally wouldn't be NFL fans or football fans to the sport. Yeah, that's perfect. I mean that it's almost like one of those no-brainer things where like you don't need to do anything if you're the NFL to be making money you you wake up and you're going to make money as the NFL let you let the players handle themselves kind of thing and take that marketing aspect out of your Hands, and let let them advertise that game for you. You know that that totally makes sense. Okay. So here's here's what I've got and I got a little yeah, I got a little bit more in-depth. I got like a little I'm sure did I see I knew it. I knew it like I'm glad I went first. Okay, so not like in depth in I guess like terms of details and everything like that, but I got a little bit I got a little bit more money focused on it. the first one when I was reading about this, it's really the first time I can remember like hearing about this and and really kind of maybe comprehending what all it was, but the fully funded rule in the NFL. We're basically it's you know, when you give somebody a portion of a guaranteed contract they have to take the money that isn't being paid yet that still guaranteed and put it into escrow so that cash still sits there in the bank. It's not there, you know as a cash flow for for the teams which you know is kind of an excuse that can be pointed to for NFL teams to why they don't do more guaranteed contracts because it ties up a lot of money in escrow. And you know, there's really not a need to have it around anymore because these teams are very profitable. You know, there's really no chance. You're not going to make payroll for anybody that's guaranteed at this point. So that was the guy was kind of the the first one up front that I think is a pretty easy one in from some of the stuff that was reading from different people on ESPN and SP nation and stuff like that. It seems like that could be one that is actually addressed it and really taking care of the next one is the one that I that would never fly ever, but I penalties For owners and teams that take public money for new stadiums and upgrades. So another thing that I was you know, kind of reading up on is that owners have the ability to take some of that gross revenue that comes in that they split between the players and put it towards Renovations for stadiums and and upgrades obviously for the owners. That's a important thing for Neo they want that extra piece of money that comes in off the gross side of things, you know to help out help out their stadiums but then you know, they also will turn right around and still, you know Bilk cities out of millions and billions of dollars for these stadiums that they don't really necessarily need and so I think you know proposing a rule or having a rule in place where if you're an NFL owner and you go to a city and you know you The city to to pay, you know property taxes or you know do this this and this then you forfeit some of the money from from that Revenue deal. Obviously again, it would never fly and you'd have to put a lot of things in place to prevent loopholes and things like that. But you know just in a theoretical world having that kind of set up in a CB I think would be Beneficial more for that's more for the fans, you know, and I guess that's you know, the players don't have a vested interest in that they don't really care and the owners obviously wouldn't want that but that's you know, just something that if I was there I'd like that. Okay. My last one. This is my my in-depth one. You're going to follow me with it. I'm ready. 18 Game season. Okay, here's how it breaks down. I want three blocks of six weeks. All right. Okay. Everyone gets the Same by week. You know, everyone's everyone's getting the same by week at the same time. You know it I think it helps eliminate schedule, you know schedule things between teams. I think it makes kind of Compartmentalizes the schedule and I kind of really liked it idea it it goes back again to like English Premier League. They have these kind of built in week two week long breaks, you know for players to go play are nationally, but for in this sense, if you're putting an extra games like this, I think you have to build in these by weeks for every single team that happened at the same time and And it's a way I think for players to plan around a recovery process teams can you know plan around you know players coming back from injury. If you you know have some kind of major injury happen near the end of one of those kind of three-week blocks, you have an extra week to kind of prepare or make changes to to you know to prepare for the rest of it. You know, I think it just it adds to the suspense of the season 2 Really stretch this out even more like this because think about you know, you get to the end of this the second, you know block of of games here. Well now all you're going to spend the whole week is talking about the next six games for everybody and you're getting basically like a mini offseason where you know, the players are getting the benefit of that working, but you're still generating content and you know news around the team around the League which I think is a win-win and the thing that I think works out best for everybody players fans everyone the third week of the see the third part of the season is the week of Thanksgiving so you come back out of the break and your Thanksgiving games are the the kickoff to the end of the season, right? Oh, yeah, I like that. Think about that now that that's good marketing six weeks plays out till about the your last games of the first week of January. I You take a bye week after that last week for everybody. And then you play through this is assuming you know, no change to the playoff format. Right? So you play through the rest of the offseason as normal by week after the Championship games and at least the way it worked out for the for next year Super Bowl Sunday would be the day before Presidents Day, which is already a Federal holiday. So there's a pretty darn good chance. There's a pretty darn good chance my languages. At your Super Bowl Sunday is going to be right before it already federal holiday. So there's no more question of do we make it a holiday or not now with the way the schedule works out. There's a pretty good chance. It's already going to be a holiday. And so that that's my that's my Pie in the Sky schedule. I like it. Like I was ready to counter your like where they have the brakes, but I wonder that might work good and then could they possibly do like a tryout period with like the XFL guys like implements that maybe they want to sign but I thought the back end of the schedule. Holy cow like the Thanksgiving day like the the president State like dang. Yeah, and then, you know, then, you know, you can use those by weeks, you know, as a kind of a natural point for you know, the trade deadline for you know, other major milestones in the season. I think I think it really works out well and you know, if you're going to add if you're going to add these minigames I The you can just flip Italy give teams two. Bye weeks like in kind of their schedule. I think it just makes so much more sense. If you're going to make it this kind of big stretch it out. There's no need to cram all of those games into that kind of you know week by week by week. Like like I think I think there's enough of an appetite for football that fans will take two weeks off and you know, And be okay and satiated with the idea of looking ahead. So that's my that's my thoughts. I know you're going to have better ideas than me. That's just what it's what you do. It's fine. I'm okay. I accept it. I understand that this fight only have I only I only have better ideas in this scenario because Jenelle's not here to one-up me because we know Janelle comes in strong with all this stuff as well. That's fair. That's a fair point. So obviously, you know, there's going to be way more coming. About this in the next several months. I think it is going to be an issue that gets pushed especially after the draft and we move into full offseason mode will probably see a lot more of it. So I personally I'm keeping my eyes on it. I find it super interesting and I think I think yeah, I think we did a good job of just kind of breaking this down and it needed to be discussed because I'm even the next couple next week or two we might we're going to hear, you know, a full official. Vote on on the CBA. So exactly exactly so obviously, you know, the point of the Season we're at now the draft is the king of everything we finish the combine and you know, we just got the message the you know, the trumpet sound from Andy Herman that you know, we're in full on draft mode now today so, you know stick with us here at the pack of the a podcast as you get ready to fully jump in. The draft and fully break down everything that comes along with that. They'll be player breakdowns position breakdowns mock drafts a shout out to the guys to that. Did The Listener mock draft? I thought that was really well done. I'm looking forward to way more content like that next couple of weeks. It's gonna be it's gonna be a lot of fun, but we wrap up Matt where can people find find you out on the social medias. For sure. Yeah, I do most of my damage packet related or sports related or really just hot take anything on Twitter. You can find me at Matt underscore Fray underscore. That's at em ATT underscore f are re you can also find Janelle Mackey who's not here to pump herself at Big Mac underscore for that's Big Mac que underscore for Dan. We're do you do all your really good stuff? I think really stupid things. And a lot of gifts on Twitter @ DK all the way if you want to follow me there Matt pull you pulled receipts on me the other day I did that was really off the top of my brain to like I had edited edited the last episode with Marcus ever saw everyone should listen. But yeah, when I was editing at the end of my God, that was so funny and it just like just the way you said it it was it was just in it was ingrained. So that was good it was Yeah, yeah good and then obviously, of course here at the podcast follows I pack a day podcast for all the information on there as well. Like I say every week make sure you like subscribe rate review the podcast tell your friends about it, you know as you get ready for the draft again stick with us the next couple of weeks, but until next time we'll have Janelle back with us. We'll do the trio again, and we'll be able to do a three-person go pack go but for now it's just To go pack go go pack go.