To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely lovely. Lee lovely friend Chrissy. Hey everybody. We are about to get it lit. We already been sitting here talking and stuff y'all and we drinking so, you know, yeah, we got a lot of stuff going on here. And we was just listening to this Trey Songz song called walls. They won't forget him. We gotta talk about this one because this is a whole like I never heard it before. Yeah. Yeah, it's like that. They don't have it on iTunes or anything like that. It's definitely something you got to pull up on YouTube. But um, it's lit, you know find out what he likes for breakfast like to drive what's in his backseat. What do you like for breakfast Christy, you know, he liked a puppy and be fit in the back seat of his Jeep and he drinks juice. They literally look it up the lyrics. Oh my goodness. What'd you do this weekend? What about you? What you doing? When I did not look Splash. Oh that was. A ray of sunshine sunshine. You meant that shit. So I just got home. I'm not gonna lie, but I did bring the warmer weather. I was told so, okay. I appreciate it. Even though you did you bring it in Florida rain because I just At me I'm sorry just on your feet. I showed up with my son all weekend. Me and Joshua chill didn't really do much of anything out learned a lot about YouTube video game crashed and I had to Google how to uncover a shit if that's what you call it. Like shit like that. That's my dentist. You can see I did well he Sit, but I just told him you know what to do, you know, so yeah, he in the kitchen with his hands up like I did this shit man. I'm still a little sick. Well, I feel much better. But you know, I've been sick the last week or so. Thanks to the same kid and the kitchen with his arms up. I feel like everybody's has I'm doing much better. Me, too. Me too anyway. Crispy, yes, ma'am. So today's segment is about. Interracial like sex, you know, we had to have you help a white girl. Yo, you ever ask them some white girl pussy. I was like 17 years of age. That's the most horrible this thing. I would never do that again. No. She just didn't sit right in my soul at all. It was I'm just that's it was we don't know nothing right? You shouldn't but it was no you can't seventeen-year-old. Like I feel like I cannot have some weight. No, yeah, it was backpacking. It's a lot that comes with that form from for me as a black man. I know like are we cool? I'm saying this for me personally. I just can't do it. Like that was that said when I was 17, I was just so much but how did it happen like this? She come on to you. I actually called you not me. My mail was like he he needs me to run interference and I said, okay. I roll with him and he picked up his white girl. She had a friend. Apparently, he just wanted me to keep her busy. So I went out to dinner. They had no babysitter. I know how this goes. So wait, why do you just not fucker? You didn't have to fuck her you could have just chill with her. I was in the backseat and she started sucking my dick and then you know me because she seemed like oh man was getting here from the her friend. And she was looking to move that many. I was in one car just did I was in a bad situation but she's what was it about the inside part. It wasn't it was a she was a girl like I never been that was my first and last. DC was it you just didn't feel comfortable with me. Okay, you ever ate at home and did somebody you used to like somebody's cooking and you go somewhere else and they'd be like baby. You hungry be like nah, you know me like I'm so used to such a you know, I mean like you can compare food, but I see where you going you just not for you. Not for me just not. Okay speak for every man. Okay respected understandable. Okay and Chrissy, yes. What about you? Have you ever had a black penis? Do you prefer black penis black dick? Is this not your show? I had to take him y'all. I'm sorry. Okay, Angel. Okay, hold on. A penis you have a something. Yeah. Yeah Mom penis. So Chrissy you have black dick before is that what you prefer? I don't feel like it's like what I prefer I feel like I feel like white men aren't either attracted to me or into me don't hit on me. So I feel kind of like I gravitate towards black men because I feel like I'm just more comfortable and more myself. So you don't have a preference of my I'm going to show you. How both okay, so that being said, I feel like there's definitely like a different wag. There's a different vibe. There's a whole different feel like with a black man and Lee, you know sexually as well, I feel like you smiling there, huh? Did you eat your cheese in like I just feel like it's a whole different like I can't even really explain it. But just like a different vibe like a different like swag call it what you want. I don't know like it's just the different. Absolutely you okay. So do you get more satisfaction? You have been with a white guy before right? Yeah. Just yeah, my first boyfriend was white and he was terrible like it. Actually just hurt, you know, I mean both but yeah, okay and you you switch over ever since then kinda or you wouldn't say switched over you just say preference, right? So then I started dating a black man and then we were together for seven years. So then once you go black girl Okay, what would you say that the biggest difference between being with a white guy sexually and being with a black guys like there's just a different like or Avaya. Yes. The vibe is different like it. So smoother like more, you know what I mean like I can't explain I like you're going to like turn on something that is going to introduce like shaking his head. the different like I don't know. We're going to talk. I don't know girl. I can't explain it. It's like just a different vibe. Like I just yeah, you talked to her at your smoother. You're like, that's just what you like. That's just what you like. I can't explain. I don't know what it is. They just so they have to have more swag and they're more smooth or whatever. But what about like sex? SS all different and I feel like it. Just so you know, I could see the beach like Trey Songz if I put on some Trey Songz. All right put on some. Justin Timberlake, thanks. No, but because he's cool to that's really really still make the could. Yeah, he is. I would have definitely fucked Paul. Isn't that his neighbor Locker? Harry Potter, I think he played on Harry Potter. Like when I'm when I've been with black members as white men, like that's a huge difference like talking. Like I feel like you're effects. Yeah, like there's four play there like stuff leads up to everything. I feel like white men will just like hey, what's up? I mean like this that and it's whatever you want. The you you like the Come here. Talk to me like kiss me to like that is right. I think it's all it sounds like it's like they confidence like they approach you. It's a whole life amazing. Yeah, probably and I probably like that Loki's. Yeah ain't no probably about it. Definitely a go. Have you ever played in the Whitewater? Right? Well, I have not. I've never denied like text it away boy. So he was like, well, he was like one of those like he was like super thugged-out. He thought he was black. So like I never dated like a like a white boy was like white white. Like I said a white boy, I've never kissed. Hunched fuck nothing physical. What about like Puerto Rican or anything else? Never know have you ever done Puerto Rican Chris emitting static now mix boy. Yeah. Mix my what about you go. Yes. Nah, shorty is black and Puerto Rican. You know, I don't like Puerto Rican Dominican. Like I don't I don't like that Specialties cheese price. That's good. That's good for your soul. What what what is it about the profession aggression what they wanted they wanted. I hate nosy biggest difference between someone of that. Nationality Dentistry black. Yeah, yes. And what's the difference? I mean, they both like Black Manta and that like songs like want to say they both Crush. I love aggressive like you dummy and I love I love that aggression, but sex-wise my but nipples is more on that side than just the black woman. You know me. You'll find more nipples over there. Then you will and really yeah because they like me, right? Yeah, they like this. No, I don't even have the most was has been more. Like listen. I got to try to start hittin the shit. Like I want to do something whatever the case may be like white woman. That's how I am. It's just like I'll tell you I'll tell you I want I'm like, I'm ready all the time. There's no need to ask. Let's go. You don't have to say shit. Let's go you talking about what are shorty? Are you talking about? Like I'm your woman who live with you and she are you talking about first of all no more. Okay, so if you had a lady in your lives together and Someone General everyday everyday like okay. So after you just happening, you could just call like was I'm horny. Let's go. Oh call me. What you doing on my way to Little Caesars. I need you to come by on my way. You want to come over and chill and I've never just been like you want to come. Unless you might come on Wow, and I already know what will happen after that. No. Don't text nobody nothing like that before, but I'm going to him I do get it was snowing outside. In the backseat, she got the muffin current. We just got it, but the whole truck driving ban, huh? They're just coming punch somebody with that. I mean, I've definitely hit somebody with intentions but not like and then when you get there, like now you want to all of a sudden go hop in the shower. I know unless you might do like I'm going back to my sink. Okay, so okay, I'm gonna make my life or hints and clues as they work to I need I need a full body massage. You know me. We want to rub Donald we wanted to go on the side like a goddamn. Like that, that's terrible. I'll be one of rub now. Like I will gently noted I mean with no did you ever see that guy? Julian Instagram Troy? No, we see. How could you not like like if I if I take my shirt off of you to give me a massage, I mean massages is so sexual like you gotta fuck. That's some point. Yeah, I mean when I go to like therapeutic Arts, I don't fuck like I'll be fine. I'll be like relax. So I'll be wanting that most fuck after that massage right even when me and my do cuz we get couples massages take every once in a while fuck in there like which we go. Yeah, that's what I mean. But if your man is giving you a massage like it's stuff that's very intimate to me. I mean, we always put These the nigger but I'll be really wanting a rubdown. Like I'll be like babe my back rub my back like a beginning always I believe to dig but I don't be necessarily what India coincide. I mean, it depends on what kind of massage you doing. Not just the typical, you know, you sit on the couch. I come behind the couch and start rubbing your shoulders. Okay, cool. You know what I'm saying? So glad you take your clothes off ya and we got the oil and we got the moon to get you. You know how you feeling because soon as you hear the one another she don't she don't toot her shit back to dinner, buddy. Everybody said I forgot her nigga is my bottom eyes. Look right real said, yeah, I agree. I needed to be like that. Okay. So what about you? Will they have ever interracial sex dating e.t.c e.t.c. Now with the guy You have no the right girl. Yeah, my first girl-on-girl experience was with the right girl know why not bad as Q over here. Nah, she was little she held that title for a long time for real. So have you is it a reason why you perfectly not funky white men or like it's just not something. I just I never met one that I vibed with like that I guess or by or the chemistry was there between the two of us in order for conversation to ignite to lead to us talking and fucking around. You know what I'm saying? I've never had that opportunity, but I wouldn't take it off the fake. I'm not I'm not one of those people that's got the whole the pill dick enough for me. I'm not I like skin lightly coin like for black man. I'm either if I got to go that light. I'm just going to go all the way on the end. I'm just going to go light. Like I'm not for me. I'm not gonna lie. I have a phobia of light skin super yellow dicks. I had a really bad situation when I was younger and somebody dick was like my color and he was like lighter to him and his shit just fuck me up like it's so weird to me how his dick was so dark. And this wasn't even a sexual partner. This is just like you just so happen to see it. So dark, I was like and I think that's why don't they like men so like I feel like if I ever did it a man as light as cute he will have to his dick will have to be around the same colors versus but it just I have like a look. When is your dick the same colors? You know what color your dick is icing in the but it day, you know earlier. Drastic, it was like Dirk. Okay it threw me off. I was like what the fuck is wrong with you? Why is it was like it was like in some spots it was like later and then it's not some pervert. So I don't know. Oh, yeah bit of luck. Like real life has sex with it. Like I've dated like man, but it never got six. I think it's like a mental block this wish I never talked about the jobs like crazy is breaking news from back in the day light skin do is just be the shit, but I don't know what I don't know what part of my life group me out of that, but I I don't know like I just think that my light and they're like don't mix like it's just it's a contract. Let me say that my mom is yellow like you refute my mom, but she want the blue black his Vigor in the situation. Like she wasn't drunk when she only likes can do like I prefer dark. I don't like most like even my white friends who did black guys tell me they like like, what about you Christy? Do you do lie skin their skin or doesn't matter just black is black. I mean, I don't prefer anybody over anybody like truly I don't okay. So you just she neutral. Okay. Yeah, like I'm just you don't have a preference for a genuine like we have a viable of a Vibe like you never know you like your boy. He was like Hey, I wanna never oh cookers you something like yeah. I don't know. It's just my that's just my preference and that's that's just what it is. What about you Quinn? Do you have a preference and light skin? Dark skin? Are you just neutral? No, look, I know. That's great. Good, dear. Love to hear it. Yeah, shizzle my nizzle second thoughts about that. I agree. Yeah, I'm sorry. I thought my daughter just build a mistake. No, she didn't I was so confused about what just happened. No, I did a I'll pause first. Yeah, so I got a question. I got some questions here. I'm not some answer. All right, let's start with Christy. What's the dirtiest thought you've ever had about a total stranger? You never looked at someone been in the barn was like I will fuck the shit out of him. Or like I mean, there's definitely been people where I'm like, you know who's bad and what's the dirtiest thought you've ever had about a total stranger. Maybe somebody was talking to you you was feeling them they were smelling good looking good and it was just talking to you and then you know, you didn't know him but you was like something popping your mind and that moment are you talking to him? Actually, I'm not what about you too? Um, I definitely seen like go to I wanted to like Sit on a dick face. Well that definitely looked at him with me. I will fuck the shit you in this. it's been like yeah. Beautiful everybody got to experience. I think that's a part of growth. Everyone has to go through a whole year. She had probably a half a whole year. Yeah, it was. For me for me. I fucked up real quick. And I was like, yep. Nope. This is not fair trade like a Steve them. But yeah same thing I was like a month and yeah, you know what we remember. And again smaller and smaller. But yeah, you'll start fucking friends. You definitely go fuck a printer to cousin brother. Uncle's that's just how the game go. I've done it. But you sound like you're in a premeditated. We've all fucked a friend, but sometimes it don't be like her. It'll be on purpose I mention. Oh, yeah, like sometimes you just Bible somebody else. This have you ever done that yo, I didn't kill the trip. That was my weekend that out. Well, it wasn't in the same weekend. Let me make that clear but I was just like your to whole weekend. No, no, no, no two friends, but not in the same weekend, right? Exactly. And I did not fucking let's see if I feel like you genuinely don't know like you can't like hold that to me and especially new why you shaking your head and you like If we were dating look my wife listen, if we were dating your friends like three years ago. It's okay. I'm not mad at her just because we've never seen each other and I literally have never seen her ever. I don't know. Can you speak do you have you ever seen me before like I've never okay. So like it's a chance now we have to say we might be Afraid of what we might find out we Flex three to say that she had one guy at school. I've never said it happened you do that why you make that? my cousins Yeah, you didn't know that and so I said something I know no you give my son wasn't premeditated. Like I did that. Okay the sisters alone. I forgot all about the sister love. Yeah, that's right for you. That's trampoline. You tried for you just fell down the family tree. Of done the same. Yes. I told you bro. I don't think I was like her like I did not purposely seek out like oh, right. I didn't purposely seek out you need them stairs. Sisters, how do you purposely die, you know because if the sister didn't give a fuck if they both didn't give a fuck. Why should I but that's different cause both of it like when I did it they both were like a for the one the first one was really upset because he liked will basically be like vendor that you really didn't like that person you just fucking but if they like you they could be offended like if you tell you he's looked around for a while and then I found up here. You're besties in and I found that you fuck her I can I have the right to be upset. I had a friend who yelled at me about that light because I had one of her friends and she was you smash one of the homies. I'm like, you don't call her every day. And you don't you don't hang out with her every weekend. That's not your homie. You talk to her once a fucking year. That's not your homie. That's what I'm that's my home. That's not your own me. Don't fucking listen if I say it's my house. Now you need somebody to you know, I mean, it's be labeled the bad guy and that's me. I had a boy fuck my friends friend and I'm still mad about it. Oh, that's fucking rude. Why would you do that? It's your first ones care think I'm nothing to do with you here you sure did. It is mad at the pussy you can fuck but that was given to me. So I got to take that shit is different for y'all like y'all get offered it every day men. We'll get off her pussy every day not every day. Like how y'all do it like, you know mean motherfucker like like no, it's not even like that. That's bullshit. I'm x 3 gonna hear you. We walked in the bar off Portables right now. All y'all will get drinks. Y'all could go in that motherfucker with no money and all y'all will be drink. Okay. I know a lot of people will start with that is pretty they offering the services will be many go get that shit. Nobody gets pussy off of a drink. What are we? We in 1999 like you think good buying a drink it you pussy in some cases it does. Nobody is pressed like we all your table employees buddy you Missin the point I'm missing it. I'm here for ya. Bring it back. Like the point is like y'all women get offered more than men do like, you know, I mean like straight up. Okay, we might loving service before man. Like, you know, I mean, it's like I get sexually offered sexual offers way more than women though, but no, uh-huh. If anybody objects or you know has input to put on this, please email us at section Academy sex table talk at yahoo.com. What do you tell you we need answers? Okay, is it wrong? To book a friend friend. It's wrong to fuck a friend. I've done it and I'm telling you what's wrong. Who feels is really? The first one he got over it. Let me get this was years ago at the time. He thought it was like so you was basically you was he was interested in my bitch the whole relationship or you were just having sex because I feel like people are like, oh, we're cool were cool. They don't let you know about we knew it wasn't a lifelong shit was like we I think we was together for like six. We were technically boyfriend girlfriend. He had a best friend. I saw his best friend. I was like, okay. Well, you knew oh know who you are. They were best friends, but I do know you're ill I was I was I was talking to him for his boy. We obviously were having sex then two years later. Long story short. Okay, when I was talking to the first boy y'all I went to his house one day and someone I knew I can't say who it is who it is a relation to me on the air, but it was someone who I know was I Cold a woman at his house and I was like, well, what's she doing here? And he lied to me. He's at the time. He told me that he was here. He was here for his friends friend went to a different high school and his friend live like next door to him. So it was like, oh she she here for him and it made sense for how it went because we it is bad. Haha two years later when I started talking to his friend his friend told me like he was fucking her for once. I was there with her. But we was in the same house. Yeah, right. I'm thinking she therefore his somebody else but he was really fucking her and he knew who she was to me. Right? So all bets are off. Okay. Well then I can do whatever I you chose. You fucked somebody who you knew was close to me who's going to go the girl. Oh, that girl's closely. Yeah, but she but he after the okay think about it. How did y'all know each other you'll meet a girl. I'll tell you all there. I don't want to say don't care because this will be less. Yeah. People don't know what I'm talking about. If I say I don't care but I was dating a boy you and me started dating. Um, you're dating great Wednesday. I know Wednesday for a long time. I come to your house and she's there you tell me she's there for your homeboy. Okay, two years later. I find out that you was fucking her that time when we were together, like you've left your friend is the one who told me that he might have said it like like to give me I don't know. He told me the truth and I felt so fucking dumb. Like are you kidding me? Like that's my pig. Did you fuck? After that, yes here. We talked on and off for like seven year, but at the top like When he originally was interested in me. I did not know he fucked the other the first one fucked my people like he just was showing interest. I liked him. He liked me then one day we were talking and he was like, wait what? No, he didn't he was fucking her. I don't even know if he knows and I know now that I know and I fucked your friend. Okay, he asked me a couple years later. He was like What's good with you? Why would you do that? I'm just like that's what it was. We was over we was on some like puppy. Love Chad was only six months who cares. You know what I mean? I feel like it wasn't substantial. Hmm. I can't people like lie on me before to try to like, oh for sure especially back in the gym. Yeah, like I was at my ex's house. Thank God. I was in the bedroom sleeping. He was out in the living room playing his game one of his boys called him, too. My I'm at the club. I'm over there. I'm in some dudes face. My trucks parked outside like the whole nine. I hope you whooped his ass. He wouldn't tell me who it was, but I don't know like if this person genuinely thought they saw me how to mix up your truck to nobody right? Like that's what I mean. I was just like there was too many like it was just the whole thing was crazy about I was just like, okay, so but thank God because had I been home he's hot. You know, where were you last night? Like he probably would have leave it out. It literally and it's bad and I was just like what how people are really crazy. Hey. Yeah. Wow, y'all y'all niggas meet somebody with a penis y'all just naturally you carried over there. Yeah, behave I'm out the game because I had a lot of people lie on me. That's not cool. Why do y'all ever light on pussy? Yeah, I don't do that. I have I don't do it. Why did you do that? That was young 24? Definitely caught block the fuck out of that one interception. Hello. He's a ray of sunshine. People caught up doing it. Like I definitely don't have people to like you didn't know like I've had literally common had people say I fuck them or they did stuff to me, you know finger and she like that. I've never I've never even seen myself like this recently. I've had people remember getting your you are doing some girls. I brought like people just talk talk talk. Yes like but it wasn't Never mind. Anyway, um, like I've had people inbox me like like and say like I heard you fucking wet XY and z and if it's true that you might want to tighten up because they know I got to do and I'm like what like see that's why you gotta get what is that? Sleeping with him never in my life. Same thing with my trainer like everybody thinks I'm fucking the dude. No, like I genuinely you can just work out right like I like his formula. We get along we hit it off. He makes the workout somebody about the fuck that all look right there. She likes his formula. I like the trainer it like. We're good. We're not fucking you know, automatically already knows I feel like if people like not even though people are lying on you but I feel like people just assume automatically and then yeah, I have a friend and mind you me and the queen went through that. Yeah just can't be fucking friend is like my best friend now. I'm like, I'll go over this is one of my ex. She was all like no, I just need you and him. She just I said, no, we're not with this. She was so adamant about No, no, I know you guys hang together when it was sitting like really it's nothing like what the hell she like you and was feeling you out to see if you would really do. He's a Mimi at their puppy. Listen. Wednesday knows that she's got a male best friend. Who also we were best friends in high school, but we found out that we were cousins later in life. So mind you there is no no literally like we're family like this no nasty. Even to this day now mind you he's been in a relationship for a while. I've been in a relationship for eight years. Everybody knows this boy is not my do like every time we go through Oklahoma literally somebody where his I want to say is, you know, you'll have to try to be funny because like if you like let's say you his girlfriend quick where Chrissy I like bitch first walking here you number one. It's like put my finger here. She's like that real thing that females can now be friends with the opposite sex and not be fucking them or not want to fuck them. So like or like the male can't respect the boundaries of what the relationship is, even if he looks like that friend and be like damn my friend cold, but you know, that's my sister, you know. People cannot believe that that that can really exist. You know what I mean? Like what people need to realize it takes two to tango. Thanks Richie help each other. Exactly. Absolutely. Nothing like your Echo. We should help each other. What is that Wednesday was that what I tell you that was sneaky light. Here we go. I can't okay, so we got some. Email we got an email from somebody. Yeah, we yes. We have a submission. So it's going to read it and we're gonna answer the question. I am 29 years old and I have been married for three years. I recently had the unpleasant pleasure of finding out that my husband has cheated on me twice over the last year. We live in the outskirts of our city and I never get out much do to be working and being a mother of two young children but a week ago a girl. Friend of mine insisted that I go out with her. Oh, it's just that I got with her for drinks after a few hours of bar-hopping. My slutty high school days came out of me and I ended up hooking up with a really handsome but random guy in the back of a car directly after it was done. I felt really bad about it and was reminded of the deed that I did when I arrived home with my penny stoked with the seem pretty soaked with the semen that you have inside of me. Should I confess to my husband what I did or should I call it? Even and keep my mouth shut listen here, bitch. With stuff goes to the Grave what happens that night stays at that night? Yep. Got anybody has been what you think Christy you go. Tell your husband or you going to just keep your mouth shut. Then I go to the Grave with me. Would you prefer your girl tell you or you don't want to know you need to tell me because therefore we can go ahead and make a business decision. Oh see here is good. Yeah Mary though, like you're not going to get a divorce over a woman State. Oh fuck. Yes. I am. This is to now because he made one now. She made white bus so didn't eat it. Watch it. just saying that's not you it's right there you will have to leave the house for a while no I'm not because you're not good enough because I'm not tell yo ass shit we go no wait some ways I hate you go know you cheated I went out you did I ended up cheating with this is the first night I thought about the girl I was sleeping with like this what you thought about cheating she went out on some drunk shade and just Hooked up you took your black ass what it's a has cheated on me twice. Yeah is the same as the Tito's it wasn't me that happened. And that was the night that the wash. Oh shit. I'm thinking about this dude. I'm not she said she never goes out. I'm home taking care of the kids while you're doing well. What she got stretch marks out from you and you'll be good as kids. She had one indiscretion you go to work, but you're bending over the secretary. Hello. This is a business decision. This is my 401k. Like you see what I'm saying? Like this is no and get a little listen and that's a lot Nothing by the twenty dollar cupcake. You hurt your wife to have and discretion you she wanted to make sure that she might be baby boy see That's a perfect example. She got your last lucky quiet. Okay, I want me to read another one or yeah, I just wanted the one let's do it one more time meeting you got another one we've got okay. I'm a mature woman in my early 40s. would always been interested in younger men lately I have been entertaining the company of a 22 year old man who happens to be the son of a co-worker want the co-worker is a friend has no idea that I'm having sex with her son he's grown so that's of no concern to me what does it concern me is that it's he seems to have in the expectation expectation with a jack ejaculating or not we are having unprotected sex and it doesn't matter what position he has me in right before he's about to finish You will go out of his way to make sure he enjoys his orgasm inside of them up the first two or three times. I didn't mind but now he is an over-50 sign. Is there any way that I can tell him that I will prefer to finish somewhere else after he's grown accustomed to me swallowing all of his loads. Okay. Other than a laundry man, but also why do you let him get 250 before you are just now, right? No, I agree. I used my God need a week. Like wait a minute don't you know say you should have said something because now you got to get to 50 now. You think it's a go like you man making it? Okay. Look we're so if you keep coming in the females mouth and not her pussy then what does that mean? What does that say? I don't know. Maybe she's wack and that's why he has to fit. Doesn't mean like disrespect you don't fuck with her last novel. I know I don't that's not too weird for him like, you know. I want to finish inside, you know, I mean we can finish it. You know, I mean, but we just not about the stupid one area right here. Okay, you know maybe it's kind of strange that he only wants but certain people have certain. Yeah her lips. Maybe she got a crazy mouthpiece. All right, maybe he just might like that. Fantasia oh hell yeah, nothing like that's not the see why somebody who want to come on her mouth. I could see it for sure. I mean at least they oh she's getting some head with those big old things. Well, you got a little mouth Chrissy. How much did you suck? Right because something about unseasoned meat. Are you a pleaser? I know I've always heard that about white women are over it. So nicely is a method like, you know, because it's all yeah. I like hyped all these my black butt up earlier. But the one thing I hate can you just kiss it? I never felt it before from well, you know, I've been really That's why I say that. That is a turn-off. I could see how that's annoying. Can you kiss it? Can you kiss it like really like really? Can you just kiss it was you bullshitting with it? what does for him to say could you kiss it what was you doing with it you just fucking with this upper top game and not funny The gate and right like y'all form of foreplay is y'all gotta get you? so are you like like I'm passionate about them into and I'm feeling you then I'm going to put that like put my emotions into that have you ever had a threesome never what I would ya know you I feel like we've talked about that yeah no I totally what I took the girl I'm sorry you got to pick the girl can't keep it the girl you can't forget big on this because on the last episode yeah today I feel like there's certain like factors that play into it like if I'm with the like are we in a relationship are we just friends Because we're just friends you can bring her I can bring her whatever if we're in a relationship and I feel some type of way. If you bring her because who is she to you outside of me, you know what I mean? So I feel like I have and okay, so it depends on what so if you're in a row, so if you're in a relationship, you gotta pick the girl, but if we just friends and everything if we're in a relationship, I want to go out of town and do this shit like just pop up and we're let's do this y'all so you got if I was ever even considering it would have to be you can never be random she gotta be random and you can never see her ever again like this is something like like that's bad guy like shit I went to school with this guy he was so into this so he had his girlfriend come over one night and he had a strong come over you know they had it was a done deal spring was a boy or a girl or a boy so now listen this dude was so hyped okay wait he was so hyped up goes and fuck the girl he comes in like 30 seconds and now he comes he's done his friends blowing his girls back out for two hours without man in the other room and show you don't turn on Netflix you're by yourself and the other room like and his friend is banging his girl things It but it's all we have in the green. One of the girls is not your bitch nigga. Even for this my bitch. We had a threesome light Mommy. Why don't you pass out? We got pissed, huh? Next time just say she fell asleep. No, I'm just saying like so she passed out from coming and you know, I mean you don't fuck a lot whatever passing out but the other thank you somebody will say hey don't worry about like what if I'm in a relationship and we go do this and I'm like hmm you wouldn't do that to me or why do you think why you can't breathe slightly but when she sucks I'm here. I'm all the way yeah hands. Yeah. We'll see you get some never mind get aggressive. Yeah, it's so nice to meet you. I'm a nigga, like don't you ask me these questions. This is not gonna be like yours you trying to tell me that if you watch your nigga fucking a girl better than you fuck. Chewie with me even the slightest offended That she going to turn me on like out of this world, but you better if he fucks her back. She fuck me like you ain't never pulled out on you. We going to pull that shit back the fuck out when she gets a suck out like that shit. Don't bother me though. Like I don't have those. I don't have those. I don't want to call them and securities. Those just don't feel like we hear this what the fuck we came to do like you got I mean, we we can't we're here to have a night of fun or a day of fun so dude, don't hold back because I'm here. That's not what I want to see you do or I wouldn't have she wouldn't be fucking here. Like, you know what I mean? Like let that shit let that shit. Do you prefer to bring the girl or it's just what it is. I've never been in a situation where the guy brought the girl and but I don't think that I would be opposed to it I want him to like her I want him to want to fuck her that's right now I know you want to fuck this girl that's about to turn me on knowing that you want to fuck that alone is already done turn me on before the bitch got here okay God bless you that's just me though super super simple because again yeah I know I've said it every single week which I know I'm not attracted to women physically so I will have to be attracted to her I don't really I'm not even thinking about what he I mean I know his type obviously they don't look at women and be like damn I did it just don't do it I've never once been like yo I want to fuck a girl never I want dick at all time never once wanted to be like a titty nothing never watch porn no I mean if a girl wants to eat me out I'm not it's just like it's normal head of tongue of the tongue but I'm never going to seek that I will prefer a man's eat my pussy I would prefer a man you don't know what you gonna sink until you have it done well yeah but I'm just saying from what I want but I know what I want and I know I don't want a woman but if it happens to me and it's amazing maybe I might come in here whistling the fucking I might be waiting a fucking rainbow flag you never know I'm just saying at on today I have never once been like I want to see what a woman's pussy feel like I never will see that right there what you said firstly like the piggyback off of that but that's what I was talking about before like last time we had this conversation with the two dudes situation I'm glad they got scrapped it's like fucking my girl bro like you know done what you know I mean like this ain't no I already told you like some what if you got her all this is my thing go here's the thing though because she I'm not into that like it's just me and her that's it I don't need no you know I mean we could be me her that's cool but there would be a as far as another guy never so if you're married you'll know life was like but I know actual thing for you Captain look at me I'm the cat okay like there's no don't look at me there's no other guy nothing it's me seems like right like this they'll Boyd all the bullshit there's come on me you because I don't want you talking about my baby member but your birthday I brung the girl yeah I was thinking this you yeah like you gone you know I'm saying no it's okay leave her just for saying it damn she could have thought you can't leave somebody put thinking something fucked up nobody for thought it's just it's just me though you see what I'm saying like so that's the reason I don't like it I'm good I understand because I'm good too I'm because I'm no that's the word right there to do to you you know me best mate chapter four years but that's why we're here right so like we could have avoided all of this if you want to pull that shit out the first fucking night instead of bullshit in the first fucking night okay clear when I back in my day when I was single the first time I'll fuck somebody I will be a little bit more reserved and I wouldn't like unleash all my whole shit like my freaky nasty should I do better do that by just a little bit and he's so that's why he's saying that like if you would only show nasty shit the first time I wouldn't be home run hitter you pull that shit out the first you getting a call back tomorrow You know you get home yet. None of that. Like you can't you can't even get a holler depends on how good it with me. If you home like well glad you're home. But if this great device made it home checking like a motherfucker you good. Okay, then tomorrow I'm not gonna say good morning. I'm just gonna hit you with it. How you doing, but I don't want to come off the desk. sometimes on my way today or two equivalent This is certain type of vibe like if we can talk, but I'll like I liked it. Like I like should we could if we could just talk for hours, you know, I mean anything without just being Tired of each other looking at each other's phone or just trying to find a fucking conversation trying to struggle to find a carnival like that's forced. Like I hate that shit, but if that shit just flown whatever the case may be not now you were supposed to only hang on for about an hour and I was like four or five hours in whatever, you know me. And that's only as soon as you leave you now you like goddamn what I'm gonna do now like you feel like you're princess. It's really refreshing. boy because I feel like I always be feeling like that like what you want to hit them up like you've been talking for hours but goodbye but you like it's good to hear it from you like that you feeling that too but you just finish it man did you fake too cool to hit a bitch up after we oh but he'll appreciate that you feel it too right because we're doing is they say like it's something as I heard I look cold as fuck that nigga Tendencies whatever so they thinking like maybe even like okay sometimes whatever you know me so I hate rejection so I'm not about to call you right back I don't know nobody who like that shit that shit and I was just like I couldn't for seven days it's fucking for the rest of my life because he just bruised my ego is that I hate it I really hate it this is cool be safe and keep fucking