The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm. Moment later natonal heard the footsteps slowly move back toward the door. It's working. He thought hands shaking and suspense then the door slowly closed the tunnel couldn't believe his luck. He had tricked the Sandman ever. So cautiously he lowered the corner of his blanket and peered out toward his bedroom door. Netanyahu screamed as sand flew into his eyes he frantically rubbed at his face trying to clear the rough debris from his vision before he could run the Sandman grab Netanyahu and held him down with a Sinister chuckle. He used his long claw-like fingers to pluck out the boy's eyes. I'm Vanessa Richardson, you're listening to Tales a park has two original every Wednesday. We dive into the dark origins of another fairy tale. You can find all of the episodes of tales and all other park has two Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream tales for free on Spotify just open the app and type tails in the search bar the tails on this podcast or dark. X scary and full of adult themes as a warning the original story of the Sandman features terrifying nightmares torture of children body dismemberment mental illness domestic abuse and suicide please exercise caution for children under 13 at Park Astra grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network and if you enjoyed today's episode the best way to help us is to leave a five star review wherever you're listening it really does help this week. We're telling the first half of the Sandman a Prussian German fairy tale about a spectral being who terrorizes children that stay awake past their bedtime. The character of The Sandman first appears in a German French dictionary from 1771. He's eluded to in a single phrase the Sandman Comes This vague and Erie idiom was used to say that a person looked so tired that they were about to fall asleep over the years this phrase evolved into a folk tale character of Shifting description some stories depict him as a friendly old man in Mothers who uses magical sad to help children sleep and to give them good dreams when they wake up and find sand in the corners of their eyes. They know they were visited by the Sandman other versions depict him as a marvellous Storyteller weaving strange and fabulous Tales to lead children into peaceful Slumber, but not all versions of this Lord of dreams have been quite so friendly in In 1816 German author ETA Hoffmann published his short story The Sandman as part of a collection titled the night pieces. It's a twisted McCobb tail populated by strange machines mad scientists and wounded Heroes and added Center is sandman himself this time. Not a friendly bearded old man, but a nightmare in his own, right? It begins with a child on the verge of adolescence lost in the chasm between reality and fantasy. Natalia all jumped up in bed as sunlight flooded his bedroom. He gasped as he realized that he could see he rubbed his eyes freeing tiny specks of dust from the corners. His mother standing at the curtain said sorry dear. I didn't mean to startle you it's time to wake up as she swept out of the room nataniel flopped back down onto his sweat-soaked mattress. He let out a Sigh of relief trying to remember the details of his dream after taking the tunnels eyes. The Sandman had dropped them into his cloth sack and departed for his home on the moon nataniel shivered as he remembered the way the Itchy course fabric had felt against his eyes the inky Darkness had enveloped him completely until the sack suddenly opened and and burning light flooded in the last thing the tunnel had seen through those disembodied eyes was the sandman's owl like children. He'd been powerless to avoid there gaping hungry beaks. He could not so much as turn away as his eyes were Torn to Pieces shutting out the light forever, but it had just been a nightmare one of many but a nightmare all the same at seven o'clock that night nataniel his mother and his sisters sad and a half circle around their father's desk other than dinner. This was the only time they got to spend as a family because their father usually worked all day on most nights. He would Regale them with wonderful stories contorting his face and voice to act out each part while cigar smoke wafted around him on other nights. He would simply hand them pictures. Books to read on their own while he sat quiet and morose this night was one of the latter Netanyahu glanced up from his book. His father was sitting in his easy chair staring out the window the orange light at the end of his cigar flared up brightly then died out over and over again. It seemed in a tunnel that his father's Puffs were keeping time with the clock on the wall. When the clock chimed nataniel's mother stood she beckoned the children toward the door repeating the same phrase. She used every evening come children. It's nine o'clock off to bed. The Sandman is coming that simple phrase had haunted nataniel's nightmares for years. He'd always wanted to ask his mother. Who and what the mysterious character was, but the Grim expression that Did her features each night convinced him not to so instead he turned to his sister's elderly nursemaid for answers. She was more than happy to help. I'm surprised you do not know the Sandman visits young boys and girls who refused to go to bed when they're told he steals their eyes and places them in his little black bag. He then flies to the half. Moon and feeds the eyes to his children not long after their conversation the nightmares began eventually Natasha Nails mother realized that he was sweating through his sheets each night. She demanded to know what was troubling him when he finally told her she responded with a sad smile darling the Sandman isn't real. It is only something that is said when it is obvious someone is So tired that they must go to bed their eyelids appear heavy and they cannot keep their eyes open as if someone has put sand in them. This should have been good news, but nataniel didn't believe his mother while her excuse seemed reasonable on the surface. It did not explain the sounds he heard each night after he and his sisters had gone to bed every time his mother sent them off with Tidings of the sandman's impending arrival natonal heard the unmistakable sound of someone slowly climbing the stairs followed by the door to his There's office opening the toenail had never seen this guest in person, but the regularity of the visits and the fact that they always occurred at night after his mother had sent the children to bed convinced him that it was none. Other than the Sandman he could not understand why his father would spend time with such a fiend the Dreadful possibilities of what they could be doing consumed his imagination once Netanya. L turned 10 years old he decided that he couldn't stand not knowing any longer. Whatever Horrors might come he was going to meet the Sandman in person a few days later the tunnel sat at the dinner table staring at his plate with a sullen expression. He was in a bad mood because not only had he failed to spot the Sandman during multiple recent attempts, but because now his father's boss The old lawyer kapelos had come to dinner kapelos was a dreadful old man who took joy in bringing sorrow to Netanyahu and his sisters. He had a larger than average head with a yellow tinted face and a curved beak like nose. His mouth was always distorted into a sneer and his teeth stayed tightly clenched. His hands were extremely hairy the children were so disgusted by his hands that they refuse to eat anything. He touched Capelli has had quickly learned of their trepidation toward his hands and often made nefarious use of that knowledge the toenails mother got up and left the dining room returning a moment later with the cake. She'd prepared for dessert. She set it on the table and began to cut it but was interrupted by kapelos here now, let me do that for you. He insisted gruffly. She paused in her motion and frowned before setting down the knife cope Elias took the cake and began to serve it to the children as he did. So he made a point to brush his hand along the side of every slice sneering at the children as he passed them their plates as Netanyahu watched his cake be brazenly defiled his temper boiled. He was tired of feeling weak and defenseless. There might be nothing he could do to get rid of kapelos, but he didn't have to live in fear of a faceless Spectre in that moment. He made up his mind one way or another he had to know what sort of devil was visiting his father each night. He had to see the sand man for himself. A few nights later nataniel snuck out of his room after he and his sisters had been sent to bed. He crept to his father's office and seeing that the door was open a crack slipped quietly inside as Natalia all had expected. His father was seated in his armchair with his back to the door as quietly as he could manage natonal hurried past him and climbed into the large wardrobe in the corner the Robe was dark hot and full of scratchy coats, but Natalia L was determined to stay as long as necessary. He would not have to wait long. The sound was unmistakable. Just like many nights before the Sandman was coming and this time Netanyahu was ready for him. Next Natasha nail comes face-to-face. with the man from his nightmares Hi, it's Vanessa. I'm so excited for you to check out an incredible New Park a store original. It's called dictators and it lets you delve into the minds of some of the world's most feared leaders. You can hear new episodes. Every Tuesday. Here are host skate and Richard to tell you more. Thank you so much. They are natural-born Leaders with a never-ending thirst for power through force and deceit they rise through the ranks. Towards radicalism eliminating anyone who stands in their way and the only thing more inevitable than their rise is their ruin discover the true stories of power greed and deceit in the park has two original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control. Each dictator is analyzed into part episodes with first giving insight into their rise to power and the second chronicling the impact of their downfall hear more about the men who claimed to love their country, but were intricately responsible for killing millions of their own people men such as prime minister Benito Mussolini supreme leader Kim Jong Hoon and even Julius Caesar himself discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its its highest level follow dictators free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Now back to the story. Ten-year-old Netanyahu had always been afraid of the Sandman the mysterious Specter who was said to visit children who stayed up past their bedtimes now, he believed that the Sandman was visiting his father each night determined to discover what they were up to the tunnel snuck into his father's office and waited soon. He heard the familiar sound of the visitor making their way up the stairs Tara. I'd that the pounding of his heart might give him away the tunnel shut his eyes and tried to slow his breathing but soon he could not wait any longer Nathaniel drew the curtain back just enough to peek into the room the tunnels mind reeled as the world's of his imagination and reality collided he had expected an otherworldly Spector with clawed fingers and occur. Curved beak, but what he saw was a tall elderly man with a curved nose and hairy hands. It was the lawyer cope Elias the toenails father stood and ceremoniously bowed his head to welcome kapelos the old man threw off his coat and snarled the words come time for work for a moment Nathaniel could only stare in bewilderment. And he was certain that the Sandman could not be a regular human. But the more he thought about it the more he realized that the truth had been staring him in the face all along. His mother always said the Sandman was coming right before kapelos showed up to work with his father. Perhaps the cruel lawyer was merely one of the nefarious sandman's disguises the two men changed into long black. Rocks then they opened a cupboard along the wall nataniel's eyes widened instead of a cabinet. He was staring into a hidden room with a small fireplace metal tools lined the walls each more strange and menacing than the last gulp Elias entered the room and crossed to the fireplace. He stooped and a moment later blue flames roared to life in the hearth. The tornado watch the two men melt large chunks of metal in the fire and then mold them into human basis Natalia L had no idea what they were doing. But the way the strange blue light reflected off his father's normally genial features sent a chill down his spine then cope Elias cried out in a haunting tone eyes. I need the eyes here now. This was all notarial needed to confirm his suspicions that cope Elias and the Sandman were one and the same fear as cold as ice clawed its way up from Natasha Nails gut and poured out of his mouth in a dreadful scream his legs grew weak and he tumbled out of the Wardrobe and onto the floor. The two men spun toward the noise Natasha Nails father gasped and cried out for his son to run but cope Elias pounced with the speed of a poltergeist Unbound by normal human restraints. He grabbed nataniel yanked him across the room and held him above the burning Hearth nataniel flailed but cope Elias is hold was strong. He could feel the heat. The Flames scorching his skin and smell his hair burning tears squeezed from the corners of his eyes, but evaporated before they touched his cheeks. At least this is a solution to our problem growled kapelos. Now, we have eyes fresh young children's eyes, then cope Elias reached into the flames and grabbed a handful of Red Hots and and to throw in tuna tonio's face, please no cried out in a tunnels father clasping his hands together Master. Please allow my son to keep his eyes cope Elias laughed wickedly have it your way. Then he shall keep his eyes for what is sure to be a tedious and pitiful life, but I must profit something from this Interruption. We will examine the mechanisms of his hands. and feet Then cope Elias through nataniel onto their work table tied him down and began his examination one by one. He appraise the boys limbs pulling stretching and twisting them in every direction. He explored the extent of their potential movement and then dislocated their joints to discover every detail of what made them function. A frittata nail after only a few moments of the sharp white hot pain the world grew dark and Silent natonal did not know how long he slept when he woke he felt as if he were rising from the dead a soft warm breeze brushed across the tunnels cheek. He opened his eyes to find himself in his own bed. His mother was gently Fanning him and his father was standing in the corner arms crossed staring out the window Natasha Nails throat was dry as the desert but he still managed to croak out. The words is the Sandman still here cope Elias. His mother asked. No darling. He is gone his father step to his side. I have informed him. I can no longer work for him. I will have to manage on my own his Chimed in he can't hurt you anymore. Then she pulled her son into a gentle Embrace and kissed him on the forehead. No matter how much he asked Nathaniel could never get his father to tell him what he had been working on with the evil man. After that fateful night cope. Elias was reported to have left town. He did not return until a year later. On The nightcap Elias did eventually return it was an otherwise pleasant evening the children were in the study listening to their father excitedly. Tell them Tales from his youthful travels then the Clock Struck nine and the door to the street creaked open nataniel's mother turned instantly pale as she glared at her husband in disbelief his His face flushed as he slowly nodded his head a sense of panic flooded through nataniel as his mother pleaded with her husband for him to not let cope Elias into their house again Natasha Neal's father looked down at the floor as he said, I promise this will be the last time he will come to me, please go now take the children and go off to bed. Goodnight. Neal's mother grabbed his arm and pulled him out of the office and toward his bedroom. She said be a good boy darling and stay quiet his mother pleaded with him as she opened his bedroom door now get into bed and go to sleep. The toenail tried to do as his mother had requested he climbed into bed and crawled under his covers. But every time he closed his eyes cope Elias was waiting for him staring down with glittering eyes and a menacing grin. So instead Netanyahu resigned himself to a night of Sleepless Terror he lay as still as possible staring up at his ceiling As it happened the tony'll didn't have to spend the entire night in Frozen silence as the Clock Struck midnight and earth-shattering bang erupted from his father's office the entire house shook. So violently that natonal feared it would crumble to the ground around him. The tan ales heart left from his chest as the most heart wrenching scream he had ever heard. Tore through the house. He jumped out of bed as if shot from a cannon and ran into the Hall clouds of smoke were billowing from his father's door Nathaniel took a deep breath and rushed in inside the office. He found his mother sprawled across the floor kneeling down. He found that she was breathing and uninjured so he continued on through the smoke making his way toward the hearth. New if something Dreadful. It happened cope Elias has hidden experiment chamber just had to be involved sure enough Nathaniel found his sister's kneeling on the floor in front of the Hearth weeping uncontrollably in between them Leia motionless body wearing a black frock the closer Netanyahu got to the body the stronger his dread grew he knelt next to his sister. Stirs and forced himself to look at the man in front of him. The face had been heavily distorted and burnt completely black, but there was no mistaking it the body belonged to his father. Next the toenails fears follow him into adulthood now back to the story. Over the course of a year eleven-year-old nataniel's life had been turned upside down by the machinations of the evil man. He knew only as cope Elias first Nathaniel was tortured by cope Elias a year later his father wound up dead in a mysterious explosion. This explosion just happened to occur the same night kapelos had returned for their final meeting. There was no Doubt in the tunnels mind that kapelos had murdered his father. A few days later the toenail stood over his father's coffin the body had been cleaned and adjusted making him look like a man at peace natonal breathed easier after seeing that his father. Once again looked like the man he loved at least cope. Elias has influence could not follow his father into the Afterlife the magisterial authorities spent the next few months searching for copay. Yes, but he had disappeared not long after anetha. Neil's father's death a distant relative passed away as well leaving two young children, as orphans nataniel's mother took them in and their presence helped to lighten up the household after living with only sisters for a good part of his childhood nataniel quickly became friends with the young boy whose name was lothair. However, it was the Girl Clara who became the center of his world when people would talk of Clara. They never described her as beautiful but Netanya was captivated by her red hair and blue eyes. He was enthralled with her selflessness and the way she faced the world with a profound sense of logic and reasoning as Natasha nail and Clara Grew Older. They became Inseparable eventually at the Appropriate age they were betrothed. Natasha nail was able to find peace. He began to look forward to a positive life with Clara by his side his nightmares never left him. But the joy he experienced during his waking hours made the darkness seemed a little less powerful. Eventually the time came for an atonal to leave for college. He would have to be separated from Clara for the first time, but they promised to write as often as possible. One day as Natalia was studying alone in his apartment. He heard a knock at the door. He opened the door to find a traveling salesman who was peddling whether glasses and thermometers. He introduced himself as Giuseppe Coppola a piedmontese scientist and inventor. The moment he laid eyes on the man and all-consuming sense of dread filled nataniel's body. The man's features seem to morph into a form that had haunted the dark recesses of nataniel's mind for years. Somehow. He knew this traveling salesmen was none other than the villain cope Elias Netanyahu screamed for the man to go away and threatened to kick him down the stairs. Fortunately the man quickly left on his own accord. It was as if all the good years It away from nataniel's mind. He was consumed with thoughts of Vengeance and overwhelming fear the toenail knew he had to tell someone about what was happening. He feared that Clara would not understand. So in order to sort out his thoughts before trying to explain it to her Nathaniel wrote a letter to lothair in this letter. He revealed every detail of his childhood trauma including his long-held belief. If that cope Elias had murdered his father, but Clara had been waiting anxiously for any word from Netanyahu. And when the letter arrived she ignored the fact that it was addressed to her brother and chose to read it herself when the tunnel returned home a couple of weeks later Clara threw herself into his arms and confessed to reading the letter the tunnel was so excited to see her any irritation he That her intrusion melted away Clara had been profoundly moved by Natalia story if his father's killer was still at large. She was determined that they would discover the truth together and bring cope Elias to justice. So the pair set off to learn what they could First they questioned itani Al's mother about the nature of his father's relationship with kapelos while she was hesitant to discuss the subject. She finally confessed her suspicions for years. She had believed that her husband and cope Elias had been practicing the mysterious and dangerous art of alchemy next Clara and Nathaniel visited a family friend who was a chemist. He had no knowledge to share. Out kapelos but told the lovers that there was a reason Alchemy was rarely practiced even the smallest mistake could cause a violent and often deadly reaction explosions were not uncommon while Clara found these Revelations to be deeply significant Netanyahu was still focused on finding Giuseppe Coppola the scientist who he believed was none other than cope Elias. Ali they discovered that one of Natasha Nails professors had known Coppola for many years to nataniel's frustration. They confirmed that he was indeed piedmontese and not German like kapelos the tunnel was troubled by what all this might mean but Clara suggested a possibility. It was clear for one thing that Coppola and kapelos were not the same person as the tunnel had suspected. But beyond that it seemed increasingly likely that his father had been killed in an alchemical accident. He had not been murdered after all. As strange as this idea seemed to nataniel, he could not disagree with Clara's reasoning his mind was put at ease for the next several days. But the more time he spent in his childhood home the more he reminisced about the past and the darker his thoughts became it was evident to everyone that new tunnels mind was still infected by thoughts of kapelos nataniel quickly began to give himself. Over to gloomy reveries. He started having trouble separating reality from his Daydreams and began insisting that cope Elias had been influencing and controlling every part of his life soon. Natalia was back to insisting that they hunt down his father's killer. He was certain that cope Elias would steal all of their happiness if they did not find and destroy him first, but the more 'not on Elroy, Ranted and raved about cope Elias the more Clara shrank away from him after all she had done to help him discover the truth. She could not understand why nataniel would cast aside reason for such repugnant ideas. She had had enough of his self-destructive behavior and decided it was time to confront him. Clara found a tunnel in his room hunched over a poem. He'd been working on for the past few days. She cautiously walked over and perched on the corner of his desk Natalia. Oh dear. She began could we talk for a moment? Natalia was instantly frustrated. He'd been having a particularly successful few minutes of writing and hated to be interrupted. But even so he said his pencil down. And leaned back in his chair as soon as she was confident. He was listening Clara said I agree with you that kapelos is evil but I do not think it is he who is causing your distress nataniel crossed his arms Clara continued. It is only belief in him that gives him power. All you need to do is refocus your mind on something more productive and refused to give any more thoughts to him. Him nataniel jumped from his chair while declaring. I knew it. I knew you did not truly understand me. If you cared at all you would help me find this villain, but instead you choose to turn against me Clara groaned and rolled her eyes. I have helped you together. We found the truth of the matter, but you would seem to prefer your imagination to what is real and obvious and right in front of you. It would be foolish for me to help you to dwell. These matters for any longer Natalia took a deep breath and asked so then you will not help me find kapelos Clara responded with a Resolute. No natonal brought both hands to his head clenching two clumps of hair in his fists and let out a roaring scream. Then he plunged forward and shoved Clara off of his desk yelling that she was possessed. Zest and had been turned into an unfeeling otamatone Clara tumbled to the floor gasping in shock tears sprung from her eyes as she pushed herself across the ground trying to get away from him hearing the commotion. Lothair rushed to see what was happening. He found his sister cowering on the floor Walnut on a all screamed insults at her anger burned through lothair's chest. It already been growing weary of Natasha Nails nonsense and seeing his beloved sister weeping. Anetha nails feet was the last straw lothair shoved natonal away from Clara planted himself firmly between them and reach down to help her stand as lothair was guiding her toward the door Natasha nail continued to rant and Rave at one point. He got so close to love. Oh there he was screaming directly into his ear tell the truth nataniel screamed. You are a servant of cope Elias and are here to destroy our love and happiness. This is your fault you and cope Elias turned her against me. As soon as Clara was free of the room lothair turned around and charged back to face nataniel as he did. So he removed his glove and threw it on the ground between them for a brief moment nataniel stopped screaming. He stared at the glove on the floor face red eyes bulging then calmly he wiped the spit from his Chin, and knelt to pick up the glove without hesitation. He accepted lothair's challenge. They would settle their grievances not with words, but with rapiers come morning, they would face one another in a duel and only one man would walk away alive. Thanks for listening to Tales will be back next Wednesday with a new episode. You can find more episodes of tales and all other park has two Originals for free on Spotify. Not only to Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite podcast Originals like tails for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream tails on spot. Just open the app tap browse and type tails in the search bar. And don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network. Join me next week for another dark and surprising fairy tale Tails was created by Max Cutler and is a par cast Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron Cutler sound design by Carrie Murphy with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden, Isabella way and Joel Stein this episode of tales was written by Amanda HAF Seth with writing assistance by Greg Castro and stars Vanessa Richardson. Don't forget to check out park has fantastic new original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level search for dictators in the Spotify app and listen free today.