Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal Health daily rare read some of the best health and fitness blogs to you, usually with a little bit of commentary at the end and like I just mentioned it's the middle of the week. You might need a little bit of inspiration to get through these next couple of days before the weekend. And pretty much like I do every week on Wednesday. I want to give you an inspirational quote. So here we go quote a moment of self compassion can change your entire day a string of such moments can change the course of your life Christopher K germer. I thought that quote was perfect for today because we're going to be talking about sleep getting enough sleep or allowing yourself to get enough sleep to me is a form of self care or self-compassion now before we get to today's post don't forget I answered. Questions every Friday. It's one of my favorite parts of the show. I love listening to and answering your questions and you can send one in a told podcast.com. If you do well first you make me happy, but second you'll be entered into small special Raffles to win books from us. All right, that's enough of an introduction. I'm sure you're excited to hear about sleep and weight loss. So let's get right to it and start optimizing your life. the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com What are the benefits of sleep for fat loss and muscle gain listen on to find out the top 5 reasons to get your z's when you're working towards your fitness goals one sufficient sleep helps your body to balance hunger hormones the hormone ghrelin signals your body to eat more and unsurprisingly your body makes more of this hormone when you're sleep deprived leptin tells your body. It's had enough food and you guessed it. Your body makes less left in When you're tired insufficient sleep in other words causes you to battle stronger food cravings and let's be honest who needs that to you get stressed when you under sleep, which causes you to store fat your body produces a hormone called cortisol. When you experience the stress of uneven or insufficient sleep and cortisol makes you more likely to store calories as fat no matter how well you are eating in other words a messed-up sleep schedule can cause your body to treat a healthy diet. Like an unhealthy one three, obviously you have more energy when you are well rested if you are exhausted, which do you think you'll be more likely to do hit the gym for a quick 20 minute run and then cook a healthy dinner or head straight home after work and order takeout. This seems like a no-brainer but sufficient sleep combined with a healthy diet will boost your energy throughout the day so you don't experience an afternoon slump. For sufficient sleep promotes mental and emotional health which trickles down to our food and exercise habits going to bed and waking up at the same time every night. And every morning is more than about waking up refreshed having a consistent sleeping schedule also improves mental and emotional well-being and Outlook a positive attitude and healthy decision-making leads to better choices all day long, including exercise and healthy eating. And five sleeping is when your body recharges heels and recovers if you're working out and not getting enough sleep, you're not going to see the gains you want. The micro tears in your muscles will not have the resources to heal and you'll be more prone to Plateau or even worse injury. What are the worst enemies of good sleeping schedule? What habits do you need to change alcohol many Tau 2 glass of wine or beer to Be an Effective sleep aid in their evening routine. However, this is largely imaginary. The reality is that drinking alcohol of any kind before bed allows you to fall asleep faster, but significantly decreases the quality and restfulness of your sleep caffeine. If you are drinking any kind of caffeinated power drink stop if you simply drink coffee or caffeinated tea, you may want to think about how it affects your body and possibly stop drinking caffeine by 4 p.m. Screens LED screens activate the part of your brain that produces. It's wakefulness and alertness as bedtime approaches decrease your use of phone tablet and computer screens. Try not to use them at all in the hour before bedtime. This may be very difficult. If you live alone and technology is your connection to community at night. But the key is to create relaxing routines that are screen free such as yoga reading a book a hot bath Etc. Now it may sound overly idyllic but it is very effective weekend sleep binges. There is no sleep Bank to which you can make deposits if you oversleep on the weekends to make up for lost sleep during the week. All you're doing is messing up your circadian rhythms even more you'll be more tired on Monday. Not refresh. The best thing you can do for yourself is maintained your sleep routine within an hour on weekends a busy bedroom. Your bedroom should be a Haven of sleep not an additional living area of your house or apartment keep the bedroom quiet contained and Screen free. Yes. Even from televisions and only get into bed to sleep or have even if you have a studio apartment as many my friends, do you can set up the bedroom side of your apartment to be tranquil by facing it away from the media or by blocking it off with a huge bookshelf. It's more than feng shui magic keeping your bedroom sacred creates a psychological and physiological cue for relaxation and slate perfectionism. No one sleeps in exactly the same way for some people. It's very common to wait. Cup in the middle of the night other people can't sleep eight hours at a stretch and need to nap daily age as well as the age of your children is a factor to consider in creating good sleeping habits. The key is to get consistent and work with your own quirks and know that your child won't be 6 months old forever. You can get sufficient sleep and reap the benefits of a consistent sleep cycle, but I must add a disclaimer for some people it takes time to see results sometimes weeks or more. Trust the process be patient with yourself and keep following these tips until you begin to enjoy better sleep final consideration. If you are about to make a major life scheduling change such as changing your work schedule from starting at 10 a.m. To starting at 6 a.m. You need to treat the upcoming change exactly like jet lag. The rule of jet lag is one hour per day meaning that each day. You should shift you're sleeping and waking by one hour in the direction of your New schedule this will prevent actual jet lag from happening for your entire first week on your new schedule. Smooth transitions are key when it comes to a healthy sleeping schedule. You just listen to The Post titled benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com a real quick. Thanks to anchor for hosting this podcast. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. Anchor gives you everything you need. One place for free which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allow you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds great download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Dr. Neil here for my commentary. So how much sleep do we actually need each night. Well for most of us the goal should be seven to eight hours of uninterrupted sleep. But as Rachel mentioned some of us sleep differently for some of us waking up in the middle of the night is fairly normal, but when we look at the research, we're finding that uninterrupted sleep for at least seven hours a night seems to be perfect. This allows us to go in and out of that deep restorative or restful. It that deep REM sleep that we need so badly and Rachel's right when we achieve that deep restful sleep. It changes how our body not only responds to exercise but how we process our calories it changes our metabolism. And I even like she mentioned that it affects our willpower when we're feeling exhausted. That means our willpower is probably exhausted too, which means we're less likely to make quote unquote healthy decisions. Think about it the last time you were exhausted how How easy was it to imagine yourself standing in the kitchen and preparing a meal from scratch is probably the last thing you want to do instead the couch and Netflix. We're like the siren songs, but here's the deal if you stress about your sleep. It's going to backfire because then you're going to be sitting up in bed worrying that you're not falling asleep, which is then going to stress you out more which may interrupt your sleep and it becomes this vicious cycle. So instead maybe just try one of these ideas and as Mention give it some time. If after you've tried one of these ideas and you've given it a real shot, then try the next one and again be patient with yourself give yourself time to adjust and this is coming from me who was never what I would consider a morning person, but now regularly gets up at 5:40 in the morning to get ready to get to work. So if I can do it you can too Alright that does it for me for today. I hope you have a great rest of your day and I'll see you back here on tomorrow's show your optimal life. awaits