Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like totally Frank. I realized in my leg young adult life. I had gotten fired from every single job that I have ever worked from Urban Outfitters to the Glorious firing that I had an American Apparel where I stood up on top of the counter and said that American Apparel does not care about their black important employee. She's very Kanye West style because it was true at the time. So, yeah, I maybe it's like my issue with authority, or maybe it's just because I probably should be working for myself hence talking to you guys. Here on this platform, but now that I've become a mother, of course, you know, you got to get into like go mode and I start to really consider / my mother starts to make me very much consider. How am I going to make consistent living? And so this has been part of my transition and I Lay My transition in life is figuring out where I stand career-wise and getting really focused on that and I Lized that what has had me the most fucked up is the fact that living in like whatever you want to call it an influencer Allah content creator culture has really caught old me and put this like had me living under this guise that I was living better than I actually was because it's like, oh, yeah, this panty company wants you to like shoot some content. They're going to pay you five k. I'm like easy done. And then some other brand will hit you up and then before you know it you're getting like 3K here in 5K there and oh shit A $15,000 gig. I'm really good now and I don't think that we are millennials. I'm speaking of our culture of lazy people. I think we are a culture that is trying to understand how to work within a different framework. At least. Maybe I am or was and I really thought that I could just gig it until I met It where influence our culture kind of started for me and like the the seed that was planted. That screwed me up is being black with natural hair. Anybody who's black with natural hair who was on the internet Circa like 2014 ish? Probably we started to get it up by Brands. If you do some awful Google searching you will see me with jars of natural hair care products. Look at nuts slang in product. And then I started working for a celebrity driven website that you can also Google but I was working as a music editor of that site. So then that was like a whole new wave of like influencer. I am adjacent to this celebrity everybody cares. So then I got A bunch of stuff because of that and then after that then it was the art. I think yeah, then it was the art which phone made me feel a bit more valid like oh no, I'm really doing something. I'm making things and these Brands care and there was always like a carrot being dangled in front of me, right every time she got really low. I got really stressed financially something would come through out of nowhere. Someone would email me like Halley's can you hashtag this thing? We're going to pay you to K and I'm like, okay. I'm good. Now I can breathe again until like another 5K 10K whatever came through but but in that what I realized is that I was not learning how to have real long-term managing and foresight in terms of my career and not to say that I wasn't goal-setting not to say that was him setting intentions or you know, like Creating what are those things those things when you Vision boarding, you know, I was doing all of that manifestations praying meditating, but I didn't understand what it meant to create opportunities that did not exist. Which for some of you listening might sound kind of crazy because it's like, oh well like this podcast didn't exist or maybe a lot of the Visual Arts Visual artwork that I do didn't exist, but I also didn't And I'm just now learning to understand how to really develop those things into a sustainable career and not just a gig not just a new Instagram account. Not just a new website. But something that has real legs that will hopefully live in some capacity Beyond me and if nothing else just like make an impact you guys send really nice messages about it. So anyways, I've been like thinking all of this because it just now really occurred to me in this past year living in In La I was talking to talk about L talk now. I was like, oh, do you think I work hard enough and I asked her because L is a fucking Capricorn and she is a Nutty Nutty Workhorse ass person and I'm always like, you know comparing and being like I'm not doing enough and I realized that I think for us to assess the Millennials people who are pursuing creative Endeavors and careers, you know, we really I have to go after things that do not exist and not be glamoured by the things that are presented to us. And that's where I have found myself today and I say this also because I took this really nutty Ash trip to Oakland this past week where I literally went to Oakland for the day. So I was on two flights with sergeant and one day with in a matter of eight hours for a shoot and like that sounds cute, but it's also not cute when I was in the bathroom trying to change my pad and sergeant had never seen this act done before and he started yelling poop pu really loud and the public bathroom and I'm like shh. Shh. No, it's fine. It's fine. It's not poop and next thing I know he gets really concerned. Because I'm bleeding and he was like, are you? Okay? Are you okay? Because he sees the my body is bleeding and like I'm trying to shoot all this content for Cool Moms and story for some of you may have followed it to try to show like the real life of what it means to like get booked for a shoot in like a do mommy and me content and that it like wasn't it was cool. It was cool. It was a cool thing. To do but I was like I did this and I probably could have done less and made more. So, you know, I could have not been on a flight I could have and this is not coming from a place of not being grateful. But just so this is like the stuff that I've been mulling over mulling over this week and motherhood in my life and kind of I guess a word of encouragement to all of you is that don't settle for the shit that people bring to you. because people are going to nickel and dime you I've been running around ragged for this for the next mommy and me shoot that I'm doing for barely my rent and hoping and manifesting that those things are going to kind of come to an end cuz It's not sustainable and I am tired of chasing invoices and I know many of you feel the same way. So the thing is supposed to be like a Negative Nancy thing, but this is again. Hopefully like just like a moment of encouragement like stick in there. It's okay. If your kid sees your pad, it's okay, if you're crying and chasing a thousand dollar check because this is kind of the culture that we live in but also a culture we can get out of. So I'm really excited because today one of them probably the first people that I met actually I don't know if you know that when I since moving to La at cam when we met yes, that was like I don't know week one wild wild of me living here it goes. Yeah, I'm celebrating my one year. We have Essence Harden Essence is an independent curator an Arts writer and also PhD candidate are you so yeah, I've seen your PhD. Okay. Yeah. We're in it. Yeah, we're in it. Just wrapping it up sometime soon that along with your baby. Yeah, perfect timing. Yes. How far along are you I'm nine months. Oh, wow. Thank you for being here. I have three weeks left. Oh my goodness. What's the due date the 19th of March. Wow. Yeah a blessing. Yeah, I feel good. So excited to whatever are you like Are you like pitching at this point for things to giggling to The Next Step? I'm hella itchy. That's like that much don't scratch really I know really I mean do whatever you want, but people told me don't scratch and I was like doesn't mean anything and I really do think scratching cause the stretch marks that I never wanted fair. I try to just a greasy. Yeah. I mean, I've already greasy. I'm lock but extra greasy trying to get things moving yet. I mean, it's weird. I have work up until the 2nd the 4th of March that I'm committed to some like if you could just not be too early right? But also, please don't be late. Right like my child feels like a real crapshoot. Oh, it is nothing went according to plan. I think talking about being black and oiled up as a great segue into like where is this going? And to being a third-generation Oakland native. Yeah. Yeah, and so I kind of want to start there because I know that you speak about that quite a bit and so like what is the significance of that? Like, what does that mean? Yeah. Well, I'm not native and Indigenous but my family's generationally from there, right? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. What does it mean? I mean, I think it's one of the most I think being a black Californian is kind of a Funny thing because we're not that populous especially now in the 21st century. So I think having like that kind of familial Legacy and a place and a place that is known for something in particular, but my family's pretty regular so they didn't do anything. Like everyone's the big house a panther. I'm like, my family wasn't together say right regular ask people who lives there, but I think you know, it's one of my hometown and I have a real and like forever love for it. I don't want to live there ever again. But I do love it. I love going home and my parents like all everyone lives kind of scattered throughout the Bay Area because it's extremely expensive to live in Oakland. But yeah, it's one of my favorite places. It's beautiful. It's like a rich rich Legacy and I think you're having that kind of generational input has meant that the stakes of always been quite high for us there and high for us in California because even though I'm from Oakland everyone lived in La first right and then like eventually found their way up. So when you say that your family is pretty regular yeah, they're just regular mom that you don't need and you know, yeah did that do you think that had some sort of impact or shaping in terms of you because I think from the periphery you live a fairly extraordinary non-regular life in terms of like your Pursuits isn't through the internet right the theme of the show I mean I mean I had a bag of chips like it's like I'm pretty hungry but I also was like Googling your shoe that you designed. Yeah Partners. So like that's kind of not regular just by the way, you think that coming from that experience LED you to want to like pursue things bigger than what you saw. I think the word No Limits basically like no one had any pressure on me to do anything. So because of that is like a do whatever I want and that still feels kind of true to my ethos today. No one was like you have to go to college. We have to get a job doing this. My mom was like don't work for the city. Yeah, she liked and my dad worked for the city to you know, like don't do these things basically try not to have kids when you're a teenager claim my parents did. Yeah, right. So like they're like if you don't do that, hey, the world's opened up to you. So I moved to New York when I was like 19. I lived there for a while and Brooklyn and then I moved back home and like went to Community College for Mad long. I just have always been able to I don't know kind of freely explore. Without the pressure of a family being like this is the right pathway and we were there was just so many of us to make a middle child as six siblings. Whoa. Wow. I didn't know that. Okay, so it's like you seem like you're alive that seems pretty good. Yeah, one of them is doing. All right, right, right. Hey today, she's smiling. Yeah. She seems like she's taking care of herself. And so I think even moving here or getting a PhD or you know, whatever random thing I've decided to do. Designing shoes has all been about a level of I don't like craftiness or like I was caught myself like a little like gutter rat because it's just like I'm going to figure out how to get what I want and any particular moment and just being crafty enough to kind of piece things together, which is getting may be harder because I'm pregnant but you know before it was easier and more energy. Absolutely I have this I mean again, The threat of the conversation I was having earlier, but also just the conversation I have in general, you know, I think I was drawn to collage work because that is how I've approached life is like I got a little of this I pull from here. I hope from here. I'm going to make some going to make it. Yeah, well make a new picture out of what I got and that has been great up until 2 years into being a mom and it's like you're like, okay so you have to eat every day without is literally soon as he opens his eyes. He's like hungry. Hello. And I like to spoil him. So it's like let me make a spread. I'm like, I gotta keep this shit up. I agree. I also like to spoil myself. So I imagine this person will totally totally well. So dirty when we're talking about kind of like the trajectory of your career and where you started I know that you have have and have had your hand in quite a few things and I guess for lack of a better word fell into curating. Yeah. That's a great word. What happened you fell into curating with black as a color? Yeah, that was your first show that you curated. Can you talk about that? And what does that mean to fall into curating and what the fuck is curating? Hmm fun? I fell into curating. It is true. I my really good friend, Sadie Burnett is a visual artist and my friend Eddie Robinson is also a visual performing artists and we went to Black portraitures in South Africa, which was in 2016. I'm pretty sure in joburg and so we like It together this presentation and I was just doing it because PhD stuff my god, of course, I'll just put all the research together. And while we were there. I was just like thinking a lot about like color and black subjectivity and like how the sort of range or Spectrum can become this abstract space to really think about black placement and presence and it seems kind of fun to me. I told Sadie this and Sadie's Gallery is Charlie James Gallery here in Chinatown in LA. And she was like, you should tell Charlie you should make this an actual exhibition and I was like really, okay and I felt pretty shy about it. I've been writing about art but know what you know, but curating is different and so Sadie kind of just took it and actually made an introduction to Charlie was like, this is Essence hard and she has a great idea Charlie was like I've read your reviews and I did a couple for his space. So it just like they both were like, yeah, let's do it. I was like, oh, okay. It was like real shit. And so like summer of 2017 was when the exhibition happened and I just you know had been building art community friendship living here. Everyone's been mad open and kind and sweet like since we like God here which is like four and a half years ago. So like I asked like Lauren Hall is Lee is like Lauren you want to be in my show like Kenyatta AC Hinkle would be in my show 80 Sadie Patrick Martinez. Yeah. It was just was really kind of just like a natural next step and I think that's the kind of fall into when you have a really good supportive Community. I also sound out of breath all the time, even though I'm like, I'm not doing anything that my lungs are deeply impacted. It's okay by the Giant Baby nine months pregnant. I'm like I'm tired but take your time drink your water, you know, you have community and that's what community can do for you. Right is like Build You Up make you see things you didn't see in yourself and the show was good. It was a success. It was hello phone and I was like, oh, I have a knack for this and really since then I did like I think right now I'm at like 12 exhibitions in this is like two and a half years ago. So I just like really she hit the ground running. Yeah, I just got I was like, hey, let's do it and it was like people just came to me as well. Right? Like I kept writing about art. I kept taking phone calls and answering emails and then it was like you're going to curate at cam which is like the, California. Museum so I've done two shows there and Naima jakey's who now is at LACMA was the chief curator a camera that time and so she just reached out to me after seeing my show black is the color and I was like, oh damn like this is like a really open but community of folks and I think that's something about Cally and jr. Role in Los Angeles in particular where people are like if you're doing it and people want to support you you'll get that support and that's how I take on curating as a sort of it's a you know, Six of care where the art is the you know supposed value and I think it's important but I think just as important. If not more is your relationship with people like you can care with the artist the narratives were telling the spaces were telling them and I take curating as like a whole ass practice and I think being a researcher for so long because the PHD I tell you this one time we're going to enter it like, you know to really cement it like deep research. And really building relationships with people will make you have an exhibition. That's worthwhile. Not just putting a bunch of art that looks good together, right but a level of like, yeah, I think attention to detail and patients with everyone in yourself and you know working with artists has I'm a pretty sure a person me and I like don't what I don't mind it. But I mean you got to be not to be on it. And yeah for most people herding cats as much as like it's just a bunch of cats out here and I love cats so it's easy enough. Okay, I'll just remind this person a hundred times or like try to alleviate someone else's anxiety. Like it's fine. I think it's pretty fun and therapeutic part of the practice to we thank you. I say that from the group of artists and I know just a caveat. I always hope that I'm not the most difficult person on the project. I'm like half time he's just like be a little more on it. Like don't be the one on the project was like damn we got to hit her up again. I'm fine with me. Okay, good. I kind of want to backtrack because it is second curator that we've had on here, which I'm very proud of the first being rejected Oaxaca lie. We love Roux and rooms pregnant. Oh Roo is pregnant and she was doing this. She's on Cool Moms and she was pregnant and it was right before the Whitney biennial. So she naturally we was doing the most doing the most and so I'm really curious kind of about the Culture of black curators and if there's there's like this thread and sense of community between all of you and how do you all interact with in the curating space? Yeah, I would say there's definitely since the community all my mentors my like homies. Yeah, I mean Aaron crystal ball has been Paramount Naima. I said already Paramount. I'm also like non-black curators who are women like they in and I we another person who's been really vital to me. Thelma golden was really kind every time I've met her I think I'm on a panel with rude next week for Julie's show at LACMA. You know, like I think it is a really supportive kind of sustainable community based practice where we're really looking out for each other. We work in tandem all the time opportunities that don't fit for one person or like oh like Aaron be like, oh I can't do this you want to do this thing this person hit me up and kind of building those relationships over and over again. It feels mad. I feel so lucky. Yeah, I think out of all The things I've done it's being here in this moment with the world of art. It's been the most supportive and substantial work I've gotten to do because it feels like such a community based practice. And yeah, it's a lot of collaboration right and possibly on the other end of that Spectrum in terms of Academia and pursuing your PhD one. Would you pursuing the PHD in and and then also this question has come up amongst my friends. And it's this idea of like do you feel like Academia and end being entrenched within that culture dilutes your creativity in some way Mmm Yeah, I mean means shit school. So I couldn't UC Berkeley and the bay but I live here because I passed my quals years ago and then you can kind of do what you need to do. My research is based here and my degree is in a Second diaspora studies, which is housed in the African American studies department. So in that regard, I have a rare, you know non-traditional relationship. I think by virtue of just those departments and those objectives of those departments and degrees there were fields of study. So it's already like I'm not in history. I'm not in sociology. I'm not going to really wide space so that helps but you know, I think Yeah, I think with Academia and the question of creativity, it's hard. Yeah, it's a really weird transition. I don't as I said my family no one my sister has a college degree. But like that's it. There's a lot of us. So it's pretty was alienating over and over again, and I wanted to do it because I was like sure why not and it just happened and it kept happening where I was like, oh, I applied I got in for undergrad and I got in for graduate school and Is also where I lived already, so I felt almost like natural and I was there and it was really tough and I think it's still a tough, but it's just a lot different because I do all these other things now which helped kind of feed my brain in a different way and I think yeah, you gotta like I mean if you do yeah, it's been necessary. I feel like it's like going to therapy or like swimming or something where you move your body and you have a different type of energy and it's really hard to do that in that particular setting the right setting is hard. It's meant to be hard for a variety of reasons and I don't have to go on a whole like rant about it. But I do think that there are good parts of it where I'm like I know how to research and that's like a valuable at school and I have a lot of patience with reading and you know, theorizing quote-unquote and spending a lot of time just like my engagement level can be quite deep with any subject matter and that's what that's what they taught me. Right, and so I appreciate that and I think especially around Blackness. I really appreciate it. And so having that kind of you know, like vernacular is important at least for me, but I had to do other shit or I was not going to finish that's what it felt like that like having an adventure doing something else reminded me that I cared about finishing. It reminded me that I could change my dissertation which I did and that it was a worthwhile Pursuit, but I think when I was just in it It and I felt so heavy and all-consuming. It was really tough. Mmm. So curating or maybe the Arts in general kind of was like the breath of air that you needed an absolutely and like doing these random creative things with like my partner. I did we did stuff in the Bay Area. We like me. He's a painter and also makes music but we like did exhibitions together where we just like had art up right there. Like we would make and it felt good to use my hands and to use my brain in a different way. Yeah, let's talk about I've since you making partner. He's cute. I was I was telling a net I went I really go out but I've just always been that way even before having a kid. Hey, I'm a Taurus so welcome to my life. Thank you because we were going to get there. I'm a Scorpio and I don't know if that has anything to do with me going out but you got some moon or some write some shit snow see that I think that's what helps me go out the like Gemini rising is like happy bubbly. Yeah, and the Aries moon is like yeah, that's a wild koala exhaust myself anyways, so he went out to this party and it was like such an amazing dance party. I have not heard great music. I'm just dancing and sweating Non-Stop and I saw your partner and he was that's where this was going. And he was just in his own world just like getting it. I was like, oh you started by himself. He totally was I don't think he's fucking having a great time right now solo think this is great. And so I was like, oh that moment where you know, you recognize him from me someone from the internet but like don't be a weirdo not say anything. So I was like, I'm just gonna like tap him while he's in his bubble and be like, hey your assistants partner. I'm sorry. I'm not calling you by your today fine. He's like, yeah, so nice to meet you. So we hug to men and then it was this funny moment of where I think he had some like non projected like guilt where he's like, She said I should come out and like dance for a while. I was like, it's okay, man. I know she's home pregnant. I'm not judging you for being me and dance have your freedom right get your life exactly because you won't three weeks. I hope he's dancing somewhere right now. So how did you all I mean? I'm such a lover and a proponent proponent of black love. So was it was it a conscious choice to find a black? Order was it a conscious choice to be? Yeah, they can play well. Okay. Well I met to hurry and I had a whole ass boyfriend they had for a really long time who was like I was in the process. I don't know Torres creature of habit stuff where I'm like I need to not be with this person who's really nice. Nothing's wrong with them. I just don't want to be with them anymore being very slow about that. He was a whole last white man, and he's really nice and he's so my friend but yeah just being like I don't want to do this and Johari is my friend like you worked at this coffee shop in Oakland and I just used to go in there and they're like two black dudes who work there. Johari was one of them the other guys AJ also an amazing person and so it just kind of went from Friendship to me being like discussing all my like problems with what I was doing with this person or just wanting to leave and then Johari just being kind of a supportive element within that. And eventually as transitioning to like dating and then being like okay we're together and I was pretty grouchy about it because I wanted space I was like fuck like boyfriend for so long. What the fuck I wish I had life happened. Yeah, but here the fuck I am so like fully pregnant and like Mary to Johari. So I guess you won that I think but for me, I think like I had always dated black dudes and Latino dudes and white men and I guess It didn't feel as a lie. I don't know. I don't think I thought about it when it was actually happening. I think as we've been together. It's been like a real point for both of us to deeply consider and I think even as becoming friends was like a point because for Johari that wasn't true like the first black woman he ever has dated and then he married me so we went from you know, not at all to like being fully in so I think it was a real point of contention when we were Like for homies where I was like suspect of all kinds of things about him, but also liked him because I was fun and like smart and weird and a good time overall. But yeah, I think we really had to and still continue to talk about the sort of significance because we're also like we're like very richly brown-skinned people, you know and having a baby that room like, I'm pretty sure you're going to be like dark right and a world that is not only anti-black but really just likes You know dark-skinned people. It's like we talked about it a lot and what it means for us to like be in California doesn't that doesn't have that many black people who writes like us to raise a person here with much more like care and thought that I think our parents did mostly because their whole worlds were black and it was assumed and that that my parents are old they're not is just was like my mom's like 54 years old like it's just happened to be that was but Oakland looked like that's what Berkeley looks like. Those are the kind of circles they were in but I think you know, we both had dramatic effects in terms of how we then went to school. I went to public school and he went to private school. So he was the only black person until he was like 15. Okay, right. Yeah, right and I was not the only black person but you know, I just feel like there's this weird thing and you know, California liberalism that ignores the ways that anti-blackness actually manifest here and especially if you like look like we do, Do which is like without ambiguity. I'm becoming much more familiar with that. Yeah into California. I love it here and also it's like I fuck like so yeah, I think that part is like it's a real part of our relationship. I think we're extremely happy and Jazz that we found each other and I feel mad blessed all the time that like if all the drama of being with another person at the very least, I'm like there is a way that we don't have to contend with this. Yes and Can actually like find solace in each other around, you know, whole host of everyday experiences. Which means yanky yanky. Yeah, if nothing else have a partner so you can like not be janky together and damn that shit was like you did you see what's happening out there. Yeah safe in here. Yeah. Are you interested at all in do you consider gender are you interested in gender? What has that aspect of pregnancy been like for you so So funny, we don't know the genitals of the baby and everyone loves to ask you or I had to do it shit people are going to write and be like damn you didn't ask so I kind of figured though. No is this fine? I like well you asked it in and actually like it as a question and not as like a desired result of somebody having exactly where I'm like, I don't care baby. I'm like it's inside of my body. So I'm not really sure if their genitals have Nothing to do with like their life our first moment like they're inside of me. I'm like, I hope they have them they're fully functioning. I hope they have a whole life that's filled with like pleasure. And yeah all the things from their body, but right now they're inside my body. So that's the first part where I was like, yeah, I don't care and then I think we understand that even I mean, yeah, ultimately the federal government is going to Mark a gender on the baby, but I think that Johari and I are both Both deeply interested in being liked or just invested. I guess overall and saying hey here is this gender that's been given to you. I don't know if it's true or not. It's up to you to decide will support you. Whatever you want to do. You want to change your name cool, it's your name. Do whatever the fuck you want will help you by doing all the paperwork, right? Because that shit does good. But overall I'm just like gender is not a fixed state if you decided any point in time at this is not true you just Tell us and we're always going to work in negotiate around that I think it's really important to us that nothing we decree for the baby is is fixed on yeah, I'm like, so I want you to have my you know, I might give you my grandmother's name, right? But also that might not make sense for you. I don't fucking know. Yeah, the only thing that'll continues that you're mine. Hopefully be my child we be mine. I love that. Yes, I I wish I had that attitude when I was pregnant. I mean now I definitely do and after sergeant got here. I was like it does nothing matters. I love you so much to me, but I think mine was more reactionary response to the Sergeant's dad had two sons. And so I was just like be special be a girl beautiful. Whatever. Yeah, but I think more than anything finding out what body parts sergeant had was most exciting because I just liked saying like I have a penis inside of me. Yeah the time and I thought that was really funny. It is funny. It's fucking weird. It's weird just floating in there. Yeah. I kind of want to touch on you know, something that came up during my pregnancy one. I say this to everyone I think that pregnancy and in general huge life transitions tend to unearth whatever issues trauma that you thought that you had buried or had dealt with and for me it helped me to seek out in a deeper way some sense of spirituality. And what did that mean? And what did that practice look like? And how did I want to raise Sergeant within a spiritual realm? And so I'm curious about how does spirituality play a role in your life and if Changed since you've been pregnant, yeah, that's great. That's like that's cool. Let me think. I don't I mean spirituality. I think that I have always or since I ran over the last decade. I've always prayed to my ancestors and I've always had an altar again from the Bay Area. It's not like I'm sorry, but I've always had crystals and candles and have cared about those things and my grandmother. Other and my mom even though they were like, you know Protestants or Baptist still had this sort of relationship. That was I don't like a lot of like black folks in the states were supposed kind of who do wish sometimes when he was a little power there and magical thinking and so I think that stuff is always kind of been true. I started meditating like like doing TM like two three years ago two years ago and that I'm pretty hardcore about it. In hardcore meaning I do it twice a day and have been doing that. Sounds pretty hardcore. See ya. I State like you to do uh-huh. Um, I think that's really it it's weird. You know, I grew up in the church and I love gospel music. I love like black familial connections, but I'm I'm not trying to make this kid go to no damn church, right? We're all the other bullshit that happened there. I have like zero desire. I think Johari who also went to a Christian School and grew up in the church. Has the same kind of like feelings about it. So it's weird. You know, that that's religion our spirituality or my spirituality I think is pretty like, you know, I love some enchantments. I love some gratitude writing. I really, you know, I do that every morning. Yes. I just I believe in my capacity to manifest things. So I'm like yo, my life was like pretty tight for all shit considered. I'm having a pretty good time. So I try to focus on those kinds of things and Use like an amalgamation of shit, but it doesn't feel too, you know, like dedicated to any one particular thing. Right? I guess I could worried about like demigod stuff and me worshipping like identity. Yeah and like what that might mean for my my brain but I like shit. I like astrology. I like shit. Yeah. Yeah. Give me a quick rundown. I mean, oh you're a Taurus. I'm a Taurus have a Virgo rising and have an aquarium. - Moon oh, oh, well that totally makes sense Aquarius moon, like very intellectually you're driven and right. Yeah, that's a crazy. So like the kook's of the zodiac. Yeah here I am and then all the good tourists helps me, you know have nice things in my life to help keep it together having a good meal go mixing pretty clean. I don't know. I love it. Yeah. Do you know your Venus? Yeah. That's an Aries. Oh, okay. Passion and fire. I always feel bad for everyone. Like I'm sorry. Like I'm really really nice to have like not at all and I have no recourse. Oh good. It's like I think I have the worst Venus placements in Virgo and I'm like, I'm sorry, I will nitpick you to death because the Virgo game to her. He's a Virgo so it's not funny. This is very Earth. Yeah heavy cute. Yeah, he's got a Capricorn moon. It's like oh, yeah. For a little Pisces baby. I'm like or Aries, I guess depending maybe maybe pay well whatever happens happens. Yeah, I can't do anything about it. I sure can. I know it's just don't come early and be a sedge don't come late and be an aquarius stay right here in this Capricorn bubble. I kind of want to round out. You have talked about I think I watched a video that you did recently the song shondaland. Oh, yeah. All right now hard worker. These guys are the best. Yeah, but I love that and I really enjoyed that video. I like some people that introduced me to and getting to know you in a different way on the internet without talking to you. Hello. Hello, and I saw that you had mentioned, you know coming from your working class family and you were Having a discussion or a moment about archiving and the fact that your relationship with archives and maybe have been strained does it does that sound or feel right? Yeah. I wonder I mean like sounds more serious than I think it and then it was yeah. I was feeling kind of goofy about it. Well good. Yeah, so like, all right. So you see maybe you have this weird relationship with archiving in terms of like your familial relationships. So I'm wondering now have you and Johari considered? How you plan on archiving your new family? Yeah, that's great question and I would say yeah, so we take a lot of photos like 35 millimeter photos. So we have actual albums in our house and we've been doing that. I guess since we met each other but it's been like a real thing that Johari practices like more so than I do but like we were in Ghana for the summer or like when I found out I was pregnant accidentally like those things happened at the same time and we're gone. Month, but like most of our you know documentation is like photos like real material things. And so I think with the kid we think about it like that as well where the yeah currently I can't imagine putting their face on the internet, but I really like the idea of us having like hard copies of their life because that that's how I really find pleasure and found pleasure growing up where like my grandma had. I don't know like 30 albums and you just can go through them. She passed away. It was like really important that we all got to have some of them and also like digitize them so we could share and how that kind of like hard copy stuff. I think that was mostly I was just like there's no there wasn't any art of my house growing up. There were a lot of photos that are just a people right what it was. Yeah, and I was just that was the art. It was just our family, you know, the wasn't like any Jacob Lawrence prints or Turtles white friends. You didn't have the funeral procession. So it was you know, but I really do that's my value. I think you and having this kind of hard copies because I look at those photos way more than I ever look at my 10,000 photos on my phone. I have no fucking true. So true. I think you know being parents and the age of the internet and social media. That's that is the big questions like well I put my kid on the internet and I think I had very specific feelings about it that mean absolutely nothing now, Now, yeah, right, you know cause then you're like, oh, you're so cute. You're cute everyone to see how cute you are. Okay fine. How about my pregnancy to I was like, I'm not gonna like say shit and yeah people can see me in like no or be suspicious right or be like damn now. I should I say that's how I fell I saw you and I was like, I don't know if I should say something and then we got cool as photos taken by our homies and I was like bam these waters are good and I was like, but this photo up because shit Job, give me looking great on the internet. Why not moment to shine right? Very nice. I so appreciate you. I want you to stick around first guiding in the DMZ. Let's do it. Yeah, I think I think this is going to be a good one for the both of us for the both of us. I'm considering are very limited not worse right now. We'll see so it's from Erica Hammonds. Erica is 25. She's from Nashville. Tennessee and she says she's a music industry professional which feels vague but thank you Erica. Yes, so glad you wrote in and she asked advice for interviewing for jobs early in your pregnancy. When should I say anything? Ooh, right. Steve is a good question. Yeah, I mean shit I didn't say anything for so long because I'm freelance and I got a little nervous that people wouldn't take me seriously anymore or kind of And then on tracks, yeah, it's legal to but I reminded people in that in job interviews. So this is legal to discriminate against me being pregnant. So I didn't say anything for a really long time. I think in part two because you know anything could happen at any moment and you know, it's really up to you to decide how comfortable you feel. I also didn't really show until I was in my third trimester. So it was easy enough for me to hide right? That's some point. I was just like I'm Tired and in part it's because I'm pregnant and I need to like make that known and I also want to take time off right at least a month form like writing an email to someone if I can help it. So I think it was pretty late in the game. Like seven months eight months maybe before I was like, hey like a mother to us. Oh, yeah as I'm pregnant at the end of the year, basically. Yeah, and I will not be around for a month. But trying to handle as much as I can and I also am like I feel Lucky enough that my pregnancy has been pretty easy and I've been able to like kind of keep working and not feel too too tired. I mean, I'm tired. But yeah, yes, and it's totally fine. Yeah. I feel like late. I don't know do they don't have to know right now? Who cares honestly, I remember being Five months pregnant and I had started popping. I was like, aw damn it people going to see ya but I had like a heavy sweater on and I was going to this job interview and I was like I say nothing because you're not going to hire me. I know you're not gonna tell me if I'm pregnant cause you're like she's gonna be out of here. Yeah, I think collecting that maternity leave you damn right? I am that was the plan and then by the end of the interview we were just like he King and I knew I didn't really want the job as like by the way, I'm pregnant and he was like, wow. Yeah, I didn't know stand up. Yeah. No, I was like great. So I don't know Erica. I would say depending on you said you're in the music industry sounds like it could be some shady judgment MSA lie lie, lie, absolutely. Nobody's business people need to know get your money. Yeah, they need to know when they need to know period but right now is that when they need like that's that's for you have something for yourself make your Instagram private. I don't know black people black people. That's it, because that little close friends and use that shit gigs have a good ol time being pregnant on close friends. Ugly. I love that feature. So hopefully that was helpful Erica. And of course Essence, thank you tremendously. Thanks for having me. Of course. Probably next time. I see you. I will have a baby outside of my body really fun until next time. Not like a regular Mom. I'm a cool mom.