Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract. Next killing operation out of a 24 Cafe in Brooklyn this group essentially did for Hitmen what Henry Ford did for manufacturing their Plucky New York kill Squad was responsible for an Untold number of murders as far flung as a Los Angeles Detroit and Florida and functioned as an unaffiliated enforcement arm of many of the largest criminal crime groups of the time Murder Inc was essentially the mcwhopper of its time a strategic Union between two of the biggest and most lethal factions of organized crime. Leveraging the best of both groups to maximize reach and impact Murder Inc itself grew out of the independent and wildly successful assortment of jewish-american organized crime groups alternatively known but never to their faces as the Israeli Mafia or even kosher Nostra by the end of the 19th century these groups collectively ran more than 90% of all prostitution in the US the Jewish gangster division is also notable in part for organizing at one time behind a female leader one. Arica mom mandelbaum, she was instrumental in Turning New York City Into the Heart of North American organized crime before escaping to Canada and living out her remaining years in wealth comfort and pre extradition foreign sovereignty. That's right. She laid the foundations for an entire Century of organized crime and got away with everything so much for cautionary tales, even before the Jewish American Mafia was running the show though, Irish American gangs were the biggest force in organized crime in the young country these Loosely organized street gangs or Gangs of New York if you're a movie fan fought for neighborhood protection and gambling rackets for decades before going head-to-head with the Italian mafia in a fight for dominance during Prohibition in case you weren't seeing the trend almost all organized crime tends to emerge organically from immigration Trends every time the u.s. Sees a pronounced spike in immigration from any given region country or ethnicity nativist backlash helps create the conditions for Black Market bootstrapping that can and does vary The escalate into a criminal Network that isn't to say that immigrants are all criminals or that without immigration. There would be no organized crime rather a combination of disenfranchisement along with anti-immigration behaviors means immigrants face a lot of challenges when they arrived from Language and Cultural barriers to being forced to concentrate in poorer neighborhoods to lack of political representation as well as outright ostracism nativism in trenches prejudicial thinking cementing a lack of opportunity. Emmett of access to education and even basic social structures beyond their own immigrant communities cut off from the rest of the world immigrant communities thus turn inward to solve their basic problems and Forge ties to improve their situation. The more they have in common is we when a lot of people from one country or region come to America at the same time, the stronger their upstart Community is so a potato famine in Ireland drives a wave of fresh Irish immigrants who earn the enmity of locals upon arrival cluster together in poorer areas. And soon Irish gangs are laying the groundwork for a criminal Empire number 9 organized crime provides law enforcement. It sounds like an oxymoron extralegal law enforcement. In fact organized crime almost always has its start as a protection racket. Although much crime in the world is what we would call a crime of opportunity the most lucrative criminal groups have their origins in the opposite situation a lack of opportunity while we Delight in assigning overt ethnic stereotypes to organized crime even future. Kurama's robot. Mafia was transparently an Italian American stereotype. The foundations of organized crime are all to Universal and human psychologist Paul Bloom who explored the origins of morality by studying babies found that even young children left to their own devices will use violence and intimidation in an attempt to maintain fairness and social order when adults are in the room. They look to the adults for that safety and enforcement with the adults gone the babies create their own enforcement system based on Strength and ostentatious confrontation basically inside each of us is a little Batman just waiting for society's Justice to fail so we can create our own again. It comes down in part to immigration and disenfranchisement assimilation takes time. But survival cannot wait when the establishment of police Law and Order is Out Of Reach people tend to make do through alternative means plus different gangs competing for dominance can be every bit as hazardous to the community as corrupt bureaucrats. And dirty cops. So it pays to invest in at least one criminal gang as gangs and protection rackets grow and buy-in from more people and have more economic and social clout they become self-sustaining as well as capable of diversification saying into murder For Hire or trafficking Contraband. It doesn't matter if the community manages to assimilate or the protection they once offered becomes predatory once gang membership earns legitimacy and becomes a vehicle to opportunity. It's hard to convince its You can file to quit and find alternative work. So organized crime adapts survives and grows this more or less is the Genesis of all organized crime what starts as a way to ensure basic needs are met and Economic Opportunity exists grows into its own parallel economy and almost corporate organization number 8 drug gangs are basically fast food franchises in the world of legitimate business branding is important. It helps create repeat customers allows you to diversify. Certify on the strength of Prior success and supports growth efforts in the world of organized crime the parallel law enforcement systems rely more on brute strength and fear than on the nuances of trademarks copyrights and patents. However, there is one model that has managed to take both markets by storm. The franchise franchising is essentially a model for growth through duplication the same products under the same name made in the same way by the same supplier sold according to a standardized pricing structure blending. Entrepreneurship with centralized Authority your neighborhood McDonald's for example is locally owned and operated but trains all staff according to corporate standards. It gets all its product from a central corporate supplier and has generally the same menu everywhere with prices specials and offerings subject to broad regional variation drug gangs have copied this model with rousing success because like fast food illegal drugs are essentially a consumer good subject to the ordinary laws of supply. And demand drug cartels have organized highly efficient systems to connect production Growers and Labs mostly with Distributors re mules and traffickers with retailers. That is the dealers now, obviously every stage in this system is vulnerable when the goods in question are illegal. So some amount of standardization is necessary to ensure the folks involved are trustworthy reliable and competent given the incredible volume and value of the drug Market the participants at every level have plenty of incentive. You streamlined Supply chains and coordinate as much as possible maximizing growth and revenue Pathways while mitigating direct competition as much as possible dealers are recruited and assigned territory in which they may sell drugs under the authority of local and regional managers with higher status in the drug gang who coordinate the acquisition and distribution of Contraband among retailers dealer Turf is negotiated according to salesmanship and man's while competing franchises are dealt with the through peaceful. The coordination or well-regulated violence Hit Men and enforces after all are generally at least contracted by gang leadership to avoid escalation and especially to prevent law enforcement from intervening just as an employee in a fast food franchise has the opportunity to ascend the ranks to become a manager and owner. So too does the drug gang hierarchy have an order of secession and advancement and the higher up you go the more profit you get to keep and the more subordinates you control this in part explains why gang membership is such an Attractive opportunity working in a community business with career potential Merit based incentives and bonuses leadership trajectories and the promise of Financial Freedom through hard work and entrepreneurial Spirit Plus just like opening a drive-through Burger Joint. It is much safer predictable and reliable to franchise out through an established Brand number seven prohibition corporatized criminal gangs organized crime wasn't always quite this. Well organized the whole franchise Arrangement is a relatively modern phenomenon compared to the history of gangs and criminal Enterprise in America the real turning point to transform the country's Black Market Hustlers and crime families with all their Associated gangs and Enterprises mostly prostitution and gambling in two major International networks was the era of prohibition this began in 1919 prohibition, which had started as a local initiative and eventually engulf to the entire nation was a game-changer it essentially cornered the market on alcohol on behalf of organized crime by relegating it. To the extra legal sector cutting off all the formally legal creators suppliers and retailers already in the business making the pivot from legal business to Black Market trade wasn't easy for those who had led the industry before seeing as a pretty obvious place to start looking for a speakeasy would be former bars and distilleries organized crime groups with their secret membership Network money laundering systems and knowledge of how to move Contraband around launched into this vacuum and quickly expanded to meet demand part of the reason. used crime in general is so closely associated with the 1920s and 30s is that this was really the Golden Age of American Crime prohibition made the entire alcohol supply chain more lucrative than ever which made organized crime in turn both more profitable and more competitive than ever the price of beer went up more than seven hundred percent while hard liquor prices doubled tripled and quadrupled depending on the spirit despite the surge in prices and the Ban on booze alcohol consumption only dipped around 20% The primary effect of prohibition was really cementing organized crime in America crime families. Particularly Italian-American though plenty of other groups played their part became household names with purchasing power on par with major corporations International Supply chains were bolstered by the need to move large quantities of foreign booze into the country and protection rackets exploded as the violence of competition Rose alongside the clout of major criminal organizations. Us homicide rates shot up nearly 80 percent while theft burglary and other violent crimes jumped anywhere from five to twenty percent at the same time spending on law enforcement at every level ballooned to keep Pace with crime putting more and more government officials in a position to make a little extra on the side through various levels of feigned ignorance or active participation in the criminal rackets, the bigger the system got the more specialization and opportunity became available to both those close to the major crime families as well as those Enterprises. Individuals who simply wanted a taste of the gravy and like every great business it all became too big to fail when prohibition was finally repealed by the 21st amendment in 1933 all this criminal infrastructure with tangential operations supply lines Global Connections. And of course Financial backing had to go somewhere human trafficking prostitution drug trades gambling and all manner of racquets became swollen by the scale of organized crime in the wake of prohibition. Of course, those weren't the only Only destinations for all of this Capital number six organized crime has lots of legitimate businesses and Investments American organized crime came onto the post-prohibition seen in the middle of the 20th century with a lot of money to spend like any good company that has successfully exploited its Niche this meant it was time to diversify besides sidelining into hard drugs human trafficking murder for hire and other Mainstays of the Underworld the various factions and families. Saw some lucrative opportunities in aboveboard. And says well a particularly prescient bootlegging gang known as the Broadway mob used its connections and money during the prohibition era to acquire several speakeasies and clubs as well as apartments and theaters besides giving them control of both sides of the equation where alcohol was concerned. It left a steady Revenue stream in the form of rent payments and real estate appreciation. Even after prohibition was repealed the brains behind this investment heavy approach to managing mob money was Arnold Rothstein who used his influence. And capital for everything from financing Broadway plays to fixing the 1919 World Series and according to rumor arranging to have a space for zero added to roulette wheels giving the house a nudge up in the odds. Perhaps less surprisingly mob money had more than a nominal role in everything from the site selection and development of Las Vegas to the development of Nevada politics and law making surrounding the legality of gambling and prostitution the father of President John F. Kennedy was unambiguously associated with the Chicago. Bootlegging seen during prohibition and there has been plenty of speculation that along with the family's wealth some amount of its subsequent political clout originated in organized crime. JFK famed politician, though. He was also happened to be chummy with legendary crooner Frank Sinatra even recording a special rendition of High Hopes together in support of the 1960 presidential election, their introduction may or may not have been arranged by the mob. Sinatra was also purportedly indebted to the mafia for getting his start in the music and Slater movie business a rumor immortalized by the book turned movie The Godfather and character Johnny Fontane Sinatra famously delivered a severe dressing down to Godfather author Mario Puzo over the character though without explicitly denying the validity of the implications if Sinatra did get his start through mob connections. He is still just one of the many entertainment figures who got their work. Thanks to music Corporation of America or MCA a talent agency that operated like a cartel and was largely managed by organized crime. And figures MCA and similar groups essentially used the threat of Retribution and the promise of financing to pressure speakeasies clubs and eventually recording studios and film industry Executives and producers into using their Preferred Card ra of actors singers and even trade professionals at its peak MCA was officially known as the octopus for the way. It seemed to have its tentacles in everything and a coalition of Jewish Italian and other various criminal groups pulling all the strings even Ronald Reagan Who's acting career preceded his political. Tickle tenure happened to be a client of MCA manager Lew Wasserman a star-making mogul with deep ties to the mafia including marriage to the daughter of a known mob lawyer MCA helped bring Reagan onto the Silver Screen and when he became president of the Screen Actors Guild he used his influence in turn to give NCAA leg up on early television show production further entrenching MCA as the pathway to success in the entertainment industry when MCA was eventually broken up following a lengthy federal investigation Reagan himself. Later, describe the treatment of the organization as a foundational experience in his political Awakening particularly his conservative anti-government. Ideology. Number five organized crime is a pop culture phenomenon. Nothing says gangster quite like a felt Fedora or if you prefer your murder For Hire with a we better Irish, perhaps you would favor the razor rimmed flat caps of peaky blinders, but the legacy of organized crime in America goes well beyond Metropolitan landmarks and sartorial Trends, there is nearly a century. A of cultural iconography that owes its Fame at least in part to the real. Oh geez of History American hip-hop is Rife with references to the mob in a meta maze worthy of Lewis. Carroll rappers have styled themselves after the characters made famous on film and other media who are by various terms fictional inventions semi-fictional Composites and Ernest reflections of real-life gangsters from various decades and crime groups throughout American criminal history. It is almost impossible to separate where life Is it art or the art reflects real life? Because the imagery is so ubiquitous across the board the proliferation of movies about various elements of mob culture and criminal life is such that it is practically its own sub genre of film The Mob movie, but today's Netflix binge Watchers and devotees of the golden age of Television also have organized crime stories to thank for kicking off the revolution in serialized storytelling analysts and critics alike. See The Sopranos effect as a revolutionary business model on. Our with the assembly line or the drive-through as far as television and storytelling are concerned HBO's The Sopranos arguably initiated a trend in TV that along with streaming service has transformed the small screen into the premier destination for big storytelling Ambitions with everything from Mad Men the wire and Breaking Bad to Game of Thrones and Westworld following in its wake number four. They use prisons to train and recruit members prison gangs have become a microcosm of organized crime itself initially gangs form. In prison for the same reason they formed on the streets to provide protection community and a hierarchy to manage scarce resources, but just as crime grew and evolved in the wake of prohibition and on the shoulders of the War on Drugs, so have prison gangs evolved into a much more sophisticated and influential Enterprise today prison gangs aren't just a protection racket for the inmates, but for the guards staff and very institutions in which they operate prison overcrowding has become so extreme that the gangs are often more responsible for maintaining order than anyone. One on the outside whether inmates enter the system already affiliated with a gang or are recruited following their incarceration membership is virtually mandatory. As a matter of survival prison has become the LinkedIn of organized crime, but not everyone headed to prison is focused. Only on Survival doing time in prison has become a cultural rite of passage within many gang cultures a mark of commitment authenticity and cementing membership identities. Of course, this isn't just a nominal period or empty ritual prisons have become active. women centers and training grounds for the organized crime Community with mirror organizations outside the penal system prison gangs have every bit as much reach Capital control and relevance to the black market as any other organized criminal group while rehabilitative approaches to incarceration emphasized the need to provide vocational training these programs routinely neglected to provide any social support networks inmates can utilize upon release to fully capitalize on their skills training prison gangs on the other hand are built on social networking and Ships so when they prepare inmates for the skilled trades of criminal operations, they end up doing a better job preparing them to get and stay productive upon release essentially the public financing used to build and operate prisons has become a subsidy not just for Crime itself, but for the most well regulated and prolific practitioners of crime number three organized crime supports terrorism cumulatively International organized crime activities, make up more than 1.5 percent of global GDP. Evolving nearly a trillion dollars of Revenue taking advantage of this kind of Revenue necessitates a lot of money laundering for this reason alone. It's easy to see how International terrorism would have some overlapping interests with organized crime pinning down the exact amount of money that changes hands between organized crime and terrorist groups is hard mostly because the very nature of their relationship is based on keeping money hidden from view. It isn't that the mafia supports terrorist ideologies so much as organized crime will from time to time intersect with the activities of various Terror groups as a matter of routine business while Global terrorism pays for itself through the black market trade of drugs slaves and weapons organized crime provides a good deal of infrastructure to access markets and facilitate the movement of such Contraband as far as the intelligence Community is concerned this amounts to some combination of Tolerance and collaboration that is most of the time they simply tolerate one another's existence given the natural overlap of their operations, but when necessity dictates, It's they will occasionally deal directly with one another or even cooperate to achieve some mutual goal. Usually avoiding being shut down by the government or losing money and goods number to Organized Crime Boss. So paradoxically fight terrorism organized crime has a similar attitude towards terrorism as the average Suburban HOA has toured maximum security prisons or wastewater treatment plants NIMBY or not in my backyard. They tolerate the idea to the extent that it isn't entirely avoidable, but don't want it somewhere. Where it can't be ignored basically, although terrorism provides some amount of supply and demand for organized crime activities. It isn't exactly the lifeblood of the black market. So even though they coexist and sometimes occasionally collaborate their interests are ultimately not particularly compatible violent revolutions and ideological extremists aren't any better for the health of underground economies than those above ground more to the point terrorist attacks that threatened communities and the Grassroots membership of organized crime groups create powerful. Knees under Holden to the rules of war or international human rights. This seems to be the impulse behind New York mob boss Giovanni Gambino's open threat to Isis made during an NBC news interview the way he tells it is that the Sicilian Mafia has kept Isis and other terrorist cells from Gaining ground in Italy and despite the best efforts of the FBI or Department of Homeland Security. It is really the New York mob that is keeping the state and to a lesser extent the country safe from terrorist attacks experts debate the true extent to which which organized crime both in powers and intimidates various Terror groups one compelling alternative Theory posits that the very nature of their shared economic interests keeps areas Rife with organized crime safe from terrorist threats disrupting such communities would amount to self-destruction on the part of the terror groups. It is like a fortification it serves to keep enemies out as well as keep prisoners in which function it is serving depends on your perspective whether it is the financial muscle or the regular muscle that defines the relationship. Going to use crime and terrorism are The Odd Couple of the extralegal underworld. Number one. They live among us the old Scared Straight cliche as to ask rhetorically you ever seen any retired gangbangers, but it turns out the answer may very well be well. Yes death and prison aren't exactly the only company sponsored 401K of the career criminal getting out of the underworld can actually come with the full financing and benefit sponsorship of the federal government by means of the witness protection program for more details. Just Consider the story of Frank salemme a major New England mob boss throughout the 1990s who spent nearly a decade in a quiet Atlanta neighborhood before a previously unsolved murder came back to implicate him. Unfortunately for Cadillac Frank the feds might revoke your pension when they find out you previously interfered with an investigation by killing a witness, but if not for that little slip-up, it's still be living out his golden years in partnership with the government, of course, not everyone is comfortable with cooperating with their former Nemesis just to finance In these cases, it is more attractive to escape the hustle and bustle of the city and criminal Life by heading out west and living off the land. At least. That's what on Rico ponzo did after an attempted hit on a rival boss incidentally against Frank salemme ponzo packed up shop and moved to massing Idaho where nothing exciting ever happens literally Idaho has been ranked as the most boring state in the country and mr. Ponzo capitalized on this for 11 years under the assumed identity of jaysh or cattle ranch. And minor league hockey fan that is until his girlfriend took the kids and left him a few weeks later Federal investigators figured out why a cowpoke in the middle of Idaho spoke with a thick New York accent and he was arrested and convicted for a laundry list of criminal offenses. The cowboy life isn't a natural fit for everyone. However, like any of us law-abiding squares some gangsters dream of retiring to quaint Italian Villages, perhaps somewhere in the mountains where rest and relaxation are part of the daily routine such was the case. Governess Toph has a lhari an international crime Lord with connections from Mexico to New York who spent 20 years evading arrest after being convicted in absentia of enough crimes do become Italy's second. Most Wanted Man Commandos found fossil re snuggling up with his girlfriend in a cottage in the calabrian mountains of Italy. They were both arrested in this disrupted one of the largest transcontinental crime networks ever formed not every story has the same ending though for Robert. Luisi Junior life in the witness protection program was going just fine until he decided to out. Self as a reformed mobster see in addition to a new name Alonso Esposito and a change of scenery from Boston to Memphis Louis. He found a whole new hobby to fill his retirement spreading the good word on the way to prison following a conviction for drug trafficking luisi experienced a Divine vision and thereafter devoted himself to religious study. Once he earned the support of the federal witness protection program. He relocated to Tennessee and became a pastor preaching. It is Community Church as well as broadcasting sermons on a local talk radio. Oh station as well as self publishing a book about his theological viewpoints and maintaining his own faith based website. He said that he wasn't worried about his past coming back to haunt him because he had never ratted on anyone except as it would happen for on Rico ponzo the would be Idaho and cattle rancher. The lesson here is that you might think of organized crime as a bespoke suit wearing cocaine Mountain sniffing tough-talking club membership who only exists in certain neighborhoods or gated communities and who you can easily avoid by keeping your nose clean and Doing your own aboveboard business, but in fact organized crime may be concentrated among neighborhoods and communities. These are community-centric groups after all but their footprint is just about as distributed as 7-Eleven or Walmart, whether you are living in some flyover farming town a cookie cutter suburb or even vacationing in a quaint European Countryside Village. You haven't even chance of bumping in to one of the world's most wanted criminals. So I really hope you enjoyed the audio version of one of our YouTube videos if you did, please Please do consider heading over to wherever your podcasts and leaving us a review it be greatly appreciated. You can also say hi to me on social media at Simon Whistler. Check out our YouTube channel on YouTube just search top 10s t.o.p. Tean Z and I'll see you next time.