So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the biggest vizia student organizations at Harvard Law School. Our clubs mission is to connect Harvard students with leaders at the intersection of Law and business at school. We regularly organize events with CEOs General counsel's Corporate lawyers Bankers investors entrepreneurs and so on but our goal is not just limited to meeting leaders. We're also very focused on how our generation of lawsuit in. Can grow into and become leaders and that's why we decided to start this podcast. If you are a current law student or even a pre-law student, the help leadership podcast is dedicated to you is dedicated to you to your success and to your growth into a leader in the legal profession and Beyond so hello and welcome to the house leadership podcast. I'm a Harvard Law School student how board member and your host Genevieve on Toto? Hi everyone, you're listening to episode 4 of The Help leadership podcast. Today's interview is with Deborah Ferrone. Who is the author of the book best practices in law firm Business Development and marketing and she is a former Chief marketing officer at both crevasse and Dever voice. So I read that first book in preparation for this interview and I highly recommend it. I know that not everyone has, you know, $50 to buy the book, but I would say definitely borrow a You from your law school library or request that your law school library gets a copy. The book is full of, you know, very practical tips and tidbits and Deborah is just a really engaging writer and she's very Vivid in her description. So it's also just a really fun read in today's interview Debra and I cover topics like what is Law Firm marketing and Business Development what makes a great Rainmaker and how can law students and early career Associates develop and build some of those? Getting skills. So it's a very substantive interview and full of great information. One of the things that Debra mentions in her interview that I found to be super interesting is that marketing is a muscle and I hope that you'll find that inside to be as inspiring as I did marketing is a muscle leadership is the muscle we have to put ourselves in slightly uncomfortable situations so that we can grow and get stronger over time. So to be honest as a public speaker, I have not totally coherent and confident yet. You know future me is going to look back on these podcast episodes and she's going to go I why are you being so embarrassing on the internet? But future me is also not going to have the skills to do what she needs to do, you know stand in front of a big room a client presentations about I don't know the latest trends in private equity m&a and 2027 unless current me goes through this really uncomfortable process of learning how to speak into a mic but we're all going to grow together marketing is a muscle leadership is a muscle and we're just gonna keep at this until we get better muscles, right? So are you ready for this episode? Let's go. the cost of producing season one of the help leadership podcast is generously sponsored by the international law firm Simpson Thacher and Bartlett headquartered in New York Simpson is home to more than 900 lawyers in ten offices around the world the firm Prides itself on providing Leading Edge development and training to the next generation of lawyers to learn more about Simpson summer program or 1l Diversity Program visit STV law.com Simpson has no influence or control over the content of this podcast and each speakers opinions are their own. All right. So, thanks again Deborah. So our first question for you today is what is your story? What is your background? And how did you get to where you are today? Well, I always loved marketing. I was one of these strange kids that was constantly buying magazines and all different kinds of magazines. I love looking at the ads. I loved looking at the stories and how they were written. So it was pretty clear. I was going to do something in the communications room when I graduated from school. I worked at a PR Our advertising agency called Ketchum and that was great fun because you could work with clients like Hershey's foods, which was great Citibank the California Raisins the guys who used to sing Heard it Through the Grapevine and you know pharmaceutical companies because I just wanted to be exposed to all of it. I wanted to learn as much as I could and catch him was a great place to do that. But I always wondered what it would be like to go on the client side of things and I received a phone call from a Headhunter and ended up going to Towers Watson which was a management consulting firm and also a compensation consulting firm and I adored that I loved being inside. I love knowing why we were doing what we were doing and being a little bit more involved in the strategy and the marketing and we had I think something like 47 offices around the world and so it was much more Global type of job. And then I got a call from Debbie voice and I worked at debe voice. I was there first Chief marketing. Sir, I started there. I think my title was something like Communications coordinator, but I worked there for 14 years and grew their Department became their Chief marketing officer and then was hired by crevasse and also started with a group of two people and grew it to 30. Some odd folks all professionals and we just loved it. We marketed the firm in all different kinds of ways. I had a group of lawyers working for me and various practice areas, and it was a great experience and most Most recently what am I doing? I finished writing a book which you have in front of you called best practices in law firm Business Development marketing and what I decided to do was to interview a lot of people to learn about what was going on in the legal landscape besides what I knew about Big law, and so I spoke with people who were in Academia who were professionals who ran different law firms or different kinds of legal process outsourcers and had a great time. I'm doing it and also had a number of clients at the same time. So I've been juggling client and book activities, but it's been great. Yeah, and your book is great. I read it and I learned so so much but for our listeners who are mostly lawsuits, let's kind of take a step back and can you tell us what law firm marketing and Law Firm business development is so marketers and Beauty Professionals in law firms. What do they normally do? Well, you know we do Do anything dealing with promoting the firm strategy? And so the firm strategy generally is to grow to grow revenue or it might be to gain visibility. And so if I think about it in those two buckets, that might be the easiest way to think about it. So we do anything to help with the strategy and the tactics of doing those things obtaining business and increasing or changing sometimes visibility. So the goals are you know set Then use these different tactics. So some might be public relations others might be event marketing. You might have people writing newsletters or blogs or client memos. And then of course you have social media, but those things are all tactics and then I think what you and I have talked about is there are various constituents, you know, so that I'm concerned as a legal marketer not only with what clients are thinking about the firm and that clients love the firm, but I'm also interested in prospects. And I'm interested in law school recruits and I'm interested in alums and I'm interested in what recruiters think of the firm. So you have to be concerned with all these different constituents to make sure that everyone involved in kind of that buying cycle or lifecycle is brought into the mix. Yeah, I guess also internal people and how they view the firm speaking of which where does like this strategy or like the firm's brand come from? Is that kind of like leadership + marketing? Team, or is it something it just exists and you helped build on that. I hope that it comes from from leadership in the marketing team and the best of all possible worlds. It does come from that and it's taken very seriously and usually there's a study that is done by most firms to really Define their brand and so they will talk to clients and Prospects and they'll talk internally to their partners and their Associates and then come up with a brand and a mission statement and really try to further that not only externally but you made a great Point internally as well. The internal marketing is so so vital and it should be authentic and it should be consistent and your leader should be always involved in The Firm. So I think if you don't plan a culture you get the culture that you almost deserve, you know, if you leave it a chance you're going to get what you get now that we're kind of in 2020. What are some of the main challenges that Legal marketers and Business Development professional space, I think we have very similar challenges to what lawyers have as challenges in any case and maybe you know, I know that you spoke with David lat he may have also mentioned this but so much has changed in the legal ecosystem recently because general counsel have so many more choices. They don't have to just go to a law firm to do their legal work very often. They have sophisticated legal departments with highly calibrated lawyers. Who Who really know their their particular area and with the Advent of a group called clock people are really listening to the legal operations folks within corporations who are saying we'll wait a second we can do things better faster Cheaper by doing them internally or maybe externally by not using a law firm. But by using a legal process outsourcer, there are these new kinds of companies out there within the last, you know, 10 years like Axiom And they're incredible firms. But what they do is they take some of the the work that used to be done by law firms and can do it better faster cheaper not all of the work. There's always going to be a place for for lawyers. I believe and law firms are great institutions for many reasons, but I think the lower level things like Discovery have already been outsourced to I think we'll see more of that. So love for marketers have new challenges on their plate. And speaking of legal Ops one of the things that actually came to mind today as I was like taking the subway here. So one of the key pieces of marketing materials that each Law Firm has actually is billing because that the bills that you send to your clients every so often. I think that's like a piece of communication that comes from the form to the client and the form that that comes in. I guess it's very important and so with legal Ops coming in and really looking at spend and looking at bills. I think this is also Another thing that's coming up. Absolutely and if you look at traditional marketing it used to be looking at the four peas. Its pricing positioning product and promotion pricing is one of the key parts of marketing how you price your services. It's why animes handbag costing ten thousand dollars has a different perception in different brand than one that you get at Bloomingdales. That might be $200 and is easier to get more accessible. So His part of all of that marketing and you're right as far as the bills, you know, it is a piece of communications, isn't it? Just like a request for proposal from a client when that's responded to the care and the thinking that goes into that is so vital because that's a reflection of the firm and the firm's work. So guess every piece of communications that a firm puts out and every impression really is important. So most of our listeners to our law students, so could you tell us what an RFP is yes, so it stands for request for proposal and usually when you say RFP to a CMO, they shutter a little bit because they can be quite challenging to complete but they exist for a reason very often corporations their law departments will decide that they're looking at a number of law firms and perhaps its price sensitivity or concern over diversity or it's just a matter of of the process that exists within the legal department, but they'll send out a request for proposal and it can have anywhere from five questions to 500 questions and there's now, you know several people within I guess corporations very often there. There are a number of them within a single Corporation who deal with these requests for proposals for Legal Services, but also for supplies and for Engineering Services, and so it's just part of that. Just now has come to Law Firm land. It has been in advertising and PR and accounting for many years, but it's still relatively new in the legal profession. So just to make sure I understand so a potential client sends out an RFP and then usually the marketing department of a law firm kind of response to those questions, whether it's 5 or 510 the client then decides based on those rfps who they want to hire. Well, it's usually both the marketing department and the lawyer. Jurors who are involved, you know, and if it's a large RFP and it's complicated. It could be many different departments that are involved with in a law firm because the questions can be ranging from how diverse is the group that will be working on our matter to how is diversity at the firm handled or it could be what are your billing rates now? And when do you expect them to come up and what kind of alternative pricing agreement can you create for us? So it could be really a range of different things and it's actually an opportunity for Firm if they're looking at it the right way to do some value added work and to try to think well, how do we differentiate ourselves in our RFP? What can we say that we can do differently for that client? And so a lot of firms their marketing folks can be quite Innovative with thinking about ways that they can serve the client better than the next firm that might be filling out the RFP. How do marketers sense? What factors are most important to that client great great. Kitchen, well, that's why a lot of these law firms today do client surveys, which is a great thing to do and they're constantly at they're talking to their clients, especially their larger ones and asking them what's important to you, you know, they should be inside if their clients heads. They should be thinking about what's keeping their client up at night. What are the companies concerns what's going on in the industry and so very often they'll do actual client surveys where they'll hire a third party to go out. Do the survey or they'll use a third-party along with a partner at the firm and do them? Some firms have folks internally who sole job is to do client surveys. So that's one good way of finding out but you'd hope that any great lawyer today with a good important client relationship really knows what's going on at all different levels of his clients company or her clients company. Yeah. Thank you that that's actually a perfect transition to our next question. In which is what is a Rainmaker and what are some of the skills and characteristics that make someone a great Rainmaker great question, you know, I think most of the great rainmakers that I spoke with and I spoke with a lot of them for the book partially because I was so interested in knowing what they do to create business and second of all, they're really interesting people to speak with because they have a keen ability to connect with folks, you know, they're very good with their clients. They do know what's going on. at their clients companies, they very often become good friends with their clients or know what's going on in their personal lives, but I think when you look at the different characteristics, you see that most have a great ability to be networking and it's generally something that starts even when they're in law school that they connect with people they are able to put themselves in the clients shoes and also that they practice they are at their regularly speaking with folks and getting Going to know them and Jeff Klein at Wild gotcha was quoted in my book. And he said one of the most marvelous things which is marketing is muscle and he meant that the idea that you need to practice that you need to get better is really a truism that the more you do the better you get the more comfortable you become at it. And so what I tell my clients who were not that comfortable with networking and talking about their practices to start with baby steps to start. By talking to their Partners down the hall and going to lunch with them and telling them about their practice and then taking a current clients and then they'll be more apt to take out a prospect and be able to talk about themselves. Yeah, and sometimes it's sometimes when I listen to Partners who talk about their work super excitedly, I think that's like the best sales pitch because sometimes you just meet these Partners like how many partners with like I was just on this deal and then they tell you every single detail like it's the most exciting story. And I think that is a lot of fun. Yes it is. It is. I mean I have been so lucky. I've worked with some great corporate lawyers who love what they do and it does show, you know, they're enthusiastic. They're interested in the work. They find something at each client that interests them and one of the reasons we try to get Associates to know as much as as possible about a client is to get them excited to get them involved in these kinds of ways of thinking and So speaking of fast, Associate so my impression of like Business Development and marketing teams is that you work a lot with you know, like partners and more senior professionals that different firms. How does Business Development and marketing kind of apply or is important to Associates at the more junior level great question. I always loved when Associates had an interest and would knock on my door crevasse and say that they wanted to learn more about marketing and Business Development. There's really nothing better than that because you To feel that there are lawyers who are excited about the business of Law and a lot of firms actually, encourage more and more but Associates go out and develop business some do not some will say that an associate's main job is to really learn how to be a great associate for that partner. And I think that really is a priority in either case, but there are firms that will train Associates based on the Vintage of the associate. So maybe Associates year one two, three art trained in networking and then Associates for year, four five and six are trained in actually developing business and connecting with the client. And so I think a good question for Associate's to ask of the firm when they're interviewing is what kind of training do you give to Associates and specifically what kind of training do you give and Business Development? I think it's only advantageous for a firm to be doing it because even if that associate leaves You're still going to have good feelings about the firm that train them in this very important skill. Yeah, just so we can visualize how business actually is developed. So what does that look like is it, you know going to lunch with potential clients? And then what point do people actually just ask for work. It's all different ways. If there was one way we'd all be bazillion airs, but I think you know the best source of businesses existing clients for two reasons one because they can give you more of their own business. Yes, and so they can have other legal matters down the road or there might be other portions of the company where they give you business and second of all you want referrals referrals are also a very strong indicator of business. And so when I will look at a list of clients of a firm and ask where they came from very often I would say most often they're referred businesses so it can come in a lot of different ways very often. It's a general counsel who leads One company who's a client of the firm and goes to another company and then hires the firm again, so it can be several different ways. But I've also seen young Associates for instance. There was a wonderful guy I write about in the book Bill Madison who developed these great relationships with young investment bankers when he was an associate and these investment bankers went on to lead companies lead private Equity Funds and do so many other things so you can actually start that when your Quite young and those contacts really do matter. So what does the client contacts at? The parallel level mean? Well that really refers to something that could also be called disappearing effect. So another another strange cliche sounding phrase but it really means that Associates will get to know their contacts at the client on their level. So in most cases when there's a client of a firm, especially a larger firm, there are multiple contact points. At the client so it might be the general counsel, but it might also be an associate general counsel and below that it might be a junior associate GC or it could be an investment banker. And so there can be many points of contact and I think it's very helpful for associates to know the folks that are at their level may be at the junior level at the client and you want to have as many of those interconnections as you can generally between a law firm and a client. At a corporation it just it makes the relationship that much stronger when there's this interwove and affect not only are you helping the associates develop strong relationships, but you're helping to solidify the client and the other thing that can eventually happen is that you want your client to use the firm for more than one practice area that you're less likely to have the firm be seen as a commodity as a firm that could be easily replaced. If in fact the client is using Firm in lots of different practice areas. And so this is just one way of doing it but I always try to look for that zippering effect. When I'm looking at, you know client's portfolio when I'm looking at a firm's portfolio of who they do work with. I want to know how strong is that relationship? Yeah, and it's such good advice that when you're you know, an associate you want to everyone at the client is the client you got to treating all of them. Well even people at your level, especially people at your level, absolutely. You want to treat them like gold and the other thing that I think is so important is very often at a firm. You'll see a client who may have a question about a different practice area. And if you're a lawyer in a practice area who's just servicing another Partners client, it just becomes as important that you treat them like gold because referrals also come within the firm Partners turn to one another and ask for help if they really trust those other partners or those other associates. So building up a reputation as a young lawyer within a firm is just so valuable and so important to do. Yeah. Can you tell us more about internally how Partners work for other partners or get work on my other partners like what are some examples so it could be that a partner for instance. If you have a partner who's representing a media company the head of the media company might have a compensation question about hiring a new executive. So although the firm traditionally has done. in corporate work, they may have their executive compensation partner, you know pitch in and be able to help and so you hope that that happens very often you'll see two partners pitching business together, which is also a great thing to do and the reason that works so well is that you're able to have partner a say great things about partner B is much easier to do that to talk about someone else and their merits rather than talking about your own so very often you want to see that Happen in a firm and that's that's a sign of a good collaborative firm when you see joint pitching and you see client teams and people meeting together to discuss important clients from all different practices. So there's a wonderful partner that I've worked with who has a biweekly meeting about his key clients and he makes sure that every associate every partner even the administrative professional folks who are involved all get together to meet about those clients. He wants to make sure that In nose completely what everyone else is working on so that they can really service the client. So you want to see that that's an indicator of a well-run firm. Yeah, and I really like this idea that's emerging that business development is not you know, like a solo Adventure but also kind of like a team thing and you're developing business not just like I guess for yourself, but for the firm, so I really like this idea that we're talking about right now. So advice for law school students. What can we be doing now? What skills should we do? Helping now. I think that's the perfect thing to ask especially for this audience. I would consider that everyone that you're in law school class with could be a potential client in some way and that you're building your reputation right now. So everything that you do from the groups that you study with the way you comport yourself on campus. Everything is developing a reputation and that includes, you know, getting to help one another getting to help people getting involved in. Community causes on campus it's all part of your building a reputation and I would also say that social media is going to become even more important. So you want to have a good LinkedIn profile and you want to start using that and connecting with folks. I think you need to be careful also about social media and what you put out there and what's out there about you because it's a permanent record and who you are today will be looked at tomorrow. So I think those things are are also important. And just to think about those things and if folks are interested in learning more about marketing, you know, feel free to visit my website or my LinkedIn profile. I have a lot of articles on there and I love it when someone sends me a note explaining who they are or how they've heard of, you know, my my articles or whatever it is, but giving me an introduction and I and then saying why they want to link in and I think that's a general rule of thumb with LinkedIn that when you're going to Lincoln with someone send them. A personal invitation it all goes to your reputation. And I think those things are so vital. There's also a should mention a great association called the legal marketing Association and they have a website and they're really the industry Association for anyone involved in legal marketing and they have tons of tools on their website that people can go and visit and you can get some good tips there as well one final question. So there's a chapter in your book on women and You said you have any specific advice just for the woman law students listening to this absolutely someone asked me the other day if I played golf and if I found found it to be a problem that I didn't play golf and I thought that is the most bizarre way of thinking but that's how people thought and in the 70s that you had to do exactly what your male counterparts were doing the law firm and that's not the case. I think you should be doing the kinds of activities that you want to do and the networking the fields. Comfortable for you. I also think with networking. You don't want to just network with other women you want to network with men as well so that you're not closing off any Avenues of interest and that you're out there and you're doing these things. I also think if you are feeling that you're overlooked in the workplace if it's at all possible say something but also I think it's important that we as women take responsibility for our careers and make sure that if we see a weakness That we try to figure out how we can strengthen it. So for example, I was not the greatest detect Knology 10 years ago, and I realized it and I thought oh marketing technology is going to be big so I took some courses and I went online and I pushed myself to learn these things. So I think knowing your weaknesses and constantly assessing that and trying to figure out how to strengthen them is great and then just go for it, you know, and I would not have guessed if you Bad because you know your website your Instagram your Twitter, they're also polished and thank you. Thank you. I love it. Now. I love I think you know social media to me is so intriguing and what's going on with technology, especially marketing technology and what people are capable of doing is like complete magic. So now I love it. But I think it's important to say, okay. These are the things I'm good at these are the things that I'm not good at or that kind of frightened me. In some way and try to figure out well, how do you fill in those holes? How do you overcome those things? I love it. Thank you so much. My pleasure. Thank you for listening to the hell leadership podcast. Once again, I'm a Harvard Law School student how board member and your host Genevieve Anto know if you are listening on Apple podcasts, we would really appreciate it. If you could leave us a rating and a comment review. We really want to hear your feedback and let's also continue this conversation on social media, especially Instagram our podcast handle is at held leadership. That is At halb leadership, and our wider student organization is at harv lob is that is at har v l aw bi Z. So, we'll see you there and we'll see you next time on the house leadership podcast, bye-bye.