Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh my gosh. I loved it. I don't know would you be able to do that? I don't know. I think it would be well obviously mean you were both married so we can be thinking like that girl. I know. So for those of you guys that haven't watched it yet. It's these singles that go in and they fall in love when they haven't seen each other and they get engaged and then eventually decide whether or not they're going to get married Yeah. So basically up to that point. They really don't know if the other person is going to say yes. So in the in the episodes you see couples who you would think that they're like going to go through with it and a lot of them kind of didn't there was only two I believe right? yeah, it was so crazy and honestly Kim if you were single tell me would you be able to do it if I was if I was like older maybe and and I was just like really busy, you know, because I feel like a lot of people who were a didn't really have time to meet somebody and they wanted to just to meet somebody on like more of a personal note yapping without you know, taking away like the person like the appearance and just getting to know the The person because when you're married, you know looks are going to fade. So if you can actually live with somebody and actually connect like that then I mean I wouldn't be opposed to it. What about you? I thought the concept was kind of cool, but you're all that. I need to know what they're going to look not necessarily that but I'm like, I don't know. I just I think getting engaged within the time span that forgiven I don't think I could do that because I think I would need to like I don't know get taking them taken for a real shit. Like what if you choose somebody and they're not like a good kisser. What the hell would you do? Well is you teach him? Ain't nobody got time for that. I am know what do you do if what do you do if you get with them and they think you're a bad kisser then I would make another podcast enough time in and tell me how to kiss better. It's so funny, dude. Okay, so I'm gonna go over the couple's name. So first we had Lauren and Cameron they were my favorite for sure. I I love them. Yeah, I love them. Yes, definitely my favorite and I feel like every review that I've seen they were a lot of people's favorites as well and they were like in it for the right reason. So genuine they were so cute. Yeah. I really like them a lot and then there was Damien and giannina. What were your thoughts? Oh my gosh. I thought they started out pretty cute like I am going to be honest with you. I thought the proposal was so freaking annoying like extra I legit could do it word for word. I'm not going to do it now, but I could do it word for word. Well, I think I think you should because maybe people haven't seen it. Maybe they will like never watch it. So go ahead. Okay. Well, I'll just start out by saying like he was like open the box and she opens it and he was like and she's like, it's empty. And he said yeah because I couldn't fit you in there. Like what though? Look are you think that someone is gonna fit in a fucking shoe box II can't I just couldn't do it. I was watching the TV like oh my gosh this poor girl. Yeah, but anyways, and they're cute. She's cute. I like her but you know, it is what it is. Yeah. I liked her too. He seemed nice. It's just like he was a little A bit of a I don't know he just like whenever she got into an argument with him and he was like, you know, like don't raise your voice at me or whatever like that. It's like that's what you know, I don't know. He just the way he handled conflict was just kind of like I thought he was kind of, you know a little bit of A weekly, you know what? I mean? Like, yeah, I agree. But okay. So the next one is Kelly and Kenny. Kelly and Kenny which one was that one? They were the ones that kind of weren't really highlighted throughout the series because oh super super in love. I absolutely shocked. I was shocked with how that ended and I won't ruin it, but I was kind of shocked at how it that ended. I thought they were okay. Yeah. I thought they were okay. They weren't like a big crazy deal to me. Yeah, and then Barnett and Amber. Cute I liked him and she was like, she's like really like hyper kind of you know what? I mean? Yeah. She has like a really like Airy like really positive personality and he's pretty like laid-back and I think that they kind of like go together. Well, yeah, they were super cute. I also liked how like through the season she was, you know, standing up for her marriage or her for her relationship with him and yeah, you know I just think it was like a weird situation cause they were kind of like essentially all trying to date each other. So I don't know how I would do it that way because I'm kind of more of a jealous type. So I don't know. But anyways there I would have never guessed girl ever really. What's mine is mine Kim. Okay, fucking settle down Captain. All right. Yeah. No, they were really really cute and I really did like the way that she stood up for herself to especially because you know, he was like one of the most like sought after. Person so like everybody was really into him. Yeah, so she really had to fight for him for sure. Yeah. Okay. So the next couple Mark and Jessica gosh, um my feeling exactly I don't like to talk poorly about people really because I've heard some stuff but I just think that the age was brought up way too many times like you knew how old he was. Yeah, and like that was that it's like you still decided to pursue him. And honestly, I thought that he was in it for the right reasons, like maybe I'm just biased because I got married young and I well you got married young. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, and I mean, I by 24 I haven't married for two years, you know what I mean? And I felt like I already knew what I wanted in life. I had already done, you know everything even though it wasn't that much but I did everything. I feel like I feel the same way. I think that like whenever she would question him about stuff like he was like, no, I'm not worried about that, but she was so worried about it and I'd it couldn't understand why you know What I mean like it's not like if he was still in college living at home, like you know what I mean? Laughs I do you think do you think that honestly do you think that she wanted to end up with Barnett? Like I'll get like everything. Oh my gosh, me too. No sir. It was crazy. But I mean, I thought Mark was in it for the right reason. I think the age was brought up way too much, but hopefully they're happy. I honestly think that Basically decided to stay with him just so she could be on the show longer. That's true. You know what I mean? She wanted her time to shine in front of people because she was really rude and then when she when she got drunk that one time and was you know saying oh Barnett's so hot in like all this stuff, you know to him and he and Mark was so nice to her. Yeah. I just couldn't understand it like yeah, you know what I mean like and if she doesn't like like him, that's fine. That's that's not the problem. The problem was that like she would like string him along and then you know what? I mean? Yeah. It was just I don't know I felt bad for him. I felt bad for the relationship. Really. I feel like she wasn't true to herself since the beginning and he was led on so yeah. No, I just thought that's my thoughts on them. Yeah, and then so the last one which they obviously Early with Carrollton and diamond. Oh, yeah. Oh Carl Carlton, I care so dang girl, my bad. Yeah, um, I Carlton and diamonds but yeah, Carlton and Diamond, um, Well, what could I say? All I could say if I guess Live Your Truth to anybody out there listening live your truth be true to yourself and yeah be happy but what do you think? Do you think that that was uncalled for? I hear me like I do think that maybe he should have told her prior to getting per like engaged. Yeah. I think that would have been like how awful situation I mean I helpful. Thanks, you know for her, especially because I don't think that you know, they're already like not able to see each other. Yeah, so like he had time to tell her this before any and I understand that he was, you know scared about getting judged and what she would do, but it turned out not working out. Anyways where maybe if you would have told her right away or that maybe yesterday. Yeah. Maybe she would have and maybe she wouldn't have I mean, but that's her choice to but yeah, that's kind of where I stand but you know, hopefully he's now living his truth and it's gonna end up happy. Yeah, I agree. I think that they if they would have started off you no more open to the beginning while she was he was a little closed off which you know is understandable that's really private. But since you are put in this situation where it's like a limited amount of time here like, you know, like the Step is marriage. You should just put everything out on the table and just be like this is who I am take it or leave it. Yeah, and I think when he kind of like bombarded her with that at the end, it was kind of like and I who knows she might have accepted him, but when he had came back, he was kind of you know, I think he thought she wasn't going to yeah kept him and then they just turned into like a really bad argument that could have maybe worked out. Maybe she would have, you know accepted it, but we'll never know. Now, yeah, I was but I mean I liked him individually like as individuals. I thought they were pretty cool. Yeah, I think all of them were mostly in there with good intentions and they really were trying to you know, find somebody to spend their life with yeah, I will have to say though G's style. I loved it. She has the cutest freaking close. Yeah, definitely definitely so cute speaking of clothes. I To go shopping, but I need to start working out more frequently working out that mission topics. Definitely a struggle girl. I'm just trying to work out myself obviously, but some days you just fall off the wagon. You want to get a cheeseburger, you know pizza man it so hard. Yeah when I scream the morning and it has been a struggle, but I'm trying to push myself. Self for summer gotta you know, you got it got it. Look good girl. Got to be right and tight. Oh Todd two girls in a phone. We said something a little pervy bra you nasty ass people out there settle down settle down with wild. I'm gonna have to In this into XX comments, but yeah, so how has it been going in the morning? It's been pretty good. I like to do it in the morning only because after work, I'm just so freaking tired and that's the last thing I want to do. Um, yeah, I'll be honest with you. I didn't go this morning. I was too freaking tired. My heel was fucking hurting I'm 28, and I feel like I'm going on 72. I don't know what's going on with me, but But yeah, so I didn't go this morning, but I've been trying to go frequently or regularly. Yeah regularly. Yeah regularly. But yeah, and they don't regularly irregularly. I don't know if it's the freakin diet. That's getting me and Kim the diet. The diet is the hardest part. I would like every time I've talked to people I'm like, I don't mind staying in the gym like an hour an hour and a half like killing myself in there. That's not the problem. The problem is is I love to eat and I love to eat like carbs and I love to eat. You know what I mean? Like well, we're Hispanic in like we want fucking tacos. We want tortillas we want them to do. I'm just saying potatoes, you know fried potatoes Yes red chili is fried potatoes in a fucking tortilla with some cheese Omar green chile cheeseburger with a fucking french fries and The fucking Coke on dude, you can't you can't eat chili without a coat. That's just the way it is. Right. I've I'm going to be fucking burning my ass. I want to fucking burn my throat exactly. Yeah. Well, I've been going I had one a couple days in the morning, but I mostly like to go at night. It just depends. Oh, I I like to go after work around like five. Dirty, but if I'm going to lift in that sometimes I'll wait till like 8:00 because you know, there's a lot of people there around the time like right after work. Yeah, and there are always, you know, like on the squat machine and stuff like that. So I tried to wait for that but I've been switching up my day. So I'll go like on Saturdays and Sundays now gotcha. So I'll take off either Tuesday and Friday or Wednesday or today. I switched it. I went yesterday. So today I took off today and then I'll take off Friday workout in between My five days, but well we're looking at some of those booty exercises because yours is pop in girl my fair play girl. I don't know. I think it's just genetics because when I was sitting on my ass, it was still popping, you know that you'll you must get it from your mom's side says we come from the same family. I don't have it. That's so funny, dude. Oh my gosh. That's yeah so working out sucks. I don't know if there's a way we can do calls on podcast. Can we do it like poles like yeah. I don't know but we're gonna have to figure it out. We're going to have to put it on our Instagram or something. Yeah, we have to figure it out because I really want to know like if people like to work out in the morning or the afternoon or what? Yes, I think they need to do. You guys need to hook a girl up? Up because and then to like help figuring out what time that works best for you, right? Because if I go in the morning, I'm half asleep and I don't push myself as much right because I'm not like a morning person. Yeah you I feel like you get up early like, you know for work and stuff and me like we go in at the same time, right? Yeah 30 I wake up at fuckin 650 and I'm fucking roll out of bed looking if that if you saw me. We're key. Be like fucking she was out all night, dude. I don't know how you do it Kim. Honestly, I like looking at your pictures and I'm like this girl has a fucking winged eyeliner like her makeups done all cute. And now I wake up like wait earlier than you and I'm like legit look like fucking hatred from Harry Potter like my hair done. No you do. Oh girl. You don't even know like Oh my gosh, I didn't think that picture sometimes and I'm like, holy hell like I legit walked out like that. Dude. My favorite story that you told me was when I first started to become people in Arizona, if you were like wearing your boots and your cardigan and it was started shit if you were like this one dude, and that's something at work told me aren't you hot and I said no but inside I was Fucking dying signs of tea. I was like, nobody told me that a get. Well, I mean, I knew obviously the Arizona got hot but I didn't fucking realize it. Was that hot it was yeah. Yeah, dude, that's why it's rough though. Honestly like because like, you know, we grew up in New Mexico so, you know being in Louisiana for the same thing. Yeah, um and like where we grew up in New Mexico because I feel like every time we say, we're from New Mexico. They think like oh warmer things like that. We grew up like up North so like yeah, like think of Coach. No, then it gets cold and yeah think of Colorado's weather. So we're you know, it's a big climate difference from there to Arizona and Louisiana. Remember when we went to go visit you Kim. Oh my God, my hair was a fucking mess and I was using white dry shampoo. Oh my gosh, so let me tell you this story. This girl was like she took it she took a shower and she's like, I'm not gonna wash my hair Kim because my hair looks better day to day just you JQ. She said it was you know, she believed it in her heart day to with friend. So there she comes out with her fucking dry shampoo trying to fuckin, you know, bump up our hair trying to be like, oh, what's that? The girl who sings m 9 to 5 Dolly Parton your baby like Dolly Parton. Oh my gosh is he was trying to have her hair all being all sexy like Dolly Parton and then we leave and we were there and I look at her and I'm like your hairs all fucking white dude. So here I am like, you know running my hands through her hair like trying to fucking help her out and then I I'm like, all right. It's not coming out. So what do you do when somebody you know? Hers white and you're stuck with it. You fucking hype them up, right? Yeah, fuck you lie to them. So I'm there thinking that I'm looking all bad and bougie. I'm fucking walking through the city of New Orleans. Like nothing ain't gonna stop me that we go sit down in a restaurant. We're getting ready to eat and and I asked him again. Do do I look okay like is everything. All right. And what did I tell you? And you said oh girl. You look good and then so good you look better than fuck. And then she asked and then her husband who was not there walked out the bathroom and he looks at loose and he says Liz your hair's wider than fuck. So there I am office stuff that my hair is white and then I'll fucking sad because Kim's here lying to me that that's another question. We need to ask her this nurse is do you fucking - up your friend? When you know, they look like shit just to get their confidence going or do you flat out? Tell them because we know what Kim de Well, what the fuck do you want me to do? Kick you when you were down. I'm trying to rise you up. I'm trying to bring you up sis, dude. Oh my God. I look back at those pictures and I say fuck and here I was thinking that all the beads were going to get thrown at me. I thought it was gonna get knocked the fuck out would be you cooking for too busy starting your money makers to me inside. That's another story. But that's another story at a later date. Oh my God, that one actually is two girls one phone. Yeah, two girls one phone. So you pervs you pervs that are listening come back for that one come back for that sort out and it'll be a good one. But no, it was a good time though. When you guys came, I think we had a fun. Oh my gosh. It was such a blast. And then and then me and Liz we thought that we were a part of the cast of Jersey Shore, huh? Yes. Yes, and I was probably Sookie. Who are you? Yikes, I don't know. I feel like I was like a little bit of Vinny from a little bit of Polly. I thought what I feel like I picked those because they're but those are my I know they're my favorite but you know, you told me not to lie to you no more. So you were not that you're not that sorry. You were probably Dina. Do you know? Yeah, I was demoted like that first night that she went where she showed her couch. We how you are because that goes back to our story that we're going to tell later in time where with your beads. Oh, oh, yeah, you definitely were Dina night one in the shore house. That's that would be NE neckline, but you want it. Yeah Lizzie in the swamp night one. That's Lizzie swamped. Yeah. It was fuckin. It's crazy. It's fucking crazy. Oh my gosh. Oh Lord. That's so funny, though. A good time. So what do you think do you think we should wind down and finish off with our would you rather? Yep, go ahead and tell me tell me your would you rather? So would you rather be unable to use search engines or unable to use social media? I would rather not be able to use social media because I feel like nowadays you need to use search engines for everything though it sometimes it's like not that good because sometimes I'll like feel sick and I'll Google what I have and then I'll WebMD and then I did then dying and you have to dig it turns out I'm fucking dying next week. So I don't know. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I asked my homie Siri on my phone. What about you? I would keep the search engines for sure because like when something like if a software goes down at work or whatever. You know behind the scenes stuff that's going on. I always leave all that stuff because I don't want to have to research it myself. You know what I mean? Take ya in a minute to do and I was actually surprised you didn't choose social media. I know you're a real your you're always on your social media girl. You're just how are you saying that because I know which celebrities are liking which pictures girl. Yes and like come on. How do you know that? You know what honestly to be honest? I actually I'm not on it that much Liz but but but I do notice some shit like I legit feel like I could be like an investigator. I could you do tell me this a lot and I believe you because I believe that you are Tom's number one friend on Facebook because you have not but like I I just see things I see things great visual you you're aware of your everything that's going on. So I am fucking aware. So don't ever cross me because I will Figure out as you say cutting season, huh? Cutting Edward Scissorhands cutting. I will find out what's happening. When who what where why but you know anyways, yeah search engines for sure. Yeah. Totally that one. That one's a good one. Yeah crazy. Alright, so my question of the day, I mean not question of it. What the heck my would you rather my would you rather crap Kim? I didn't you A search engine to look for a question. Let me think of one. Okay, would you rather boom boom now, would you rather live in space or live in the ocean? And I know that's a super childish thing. But would you rather live in space or would you rather live in the ocean and why I would I would rather live in the ocean and and because I can swim so if I could live in the ocean then obviously I can breathe underwater. So, you know, I could experience the water got it really experience it for the first time, you know. I'll teach you how to swim. You're like fucking Michael Phelps this I will fuck him put you floaties and we will go swimming. Well, I can flow like I could float and I could swim on my back, but I think it was just one time you're off probably keeps you off all them fucking squawks that you do. I think it looks you know, like when you're a kid in like you have like an experience and I like scars you one time. I had jumped in the deep end and I really didn't know how to swim and I was crying. To grab this side. I like try to jump to the side so I can grab this side and swim there because I could swim like a little bit. Yeah, I like didn't fuckin land on the side and I like landed in the middle and I like was like fucking drowning for a second like a hot SEC and it probably wasn't even that long because there was people around so they pick me up right away. But yeah, I think that's more of me. Like I just get nervous when I feel like when you're in the water you have to really be confident. Yeah, or else you go down. You know what I mean? Yeah. For sure, what about you? So I probably would I probably would like to live in space just cuz I'd like to like see what my eyes looks like with the Sparkles of the stars and him. Oh flipping my hair. Yeah, I would do that. But I also would like to okay, let's let's say space. That's my final answer. But if I was like trying to like be all princess like and stuff, I'd pick the ocean and I'd be fucking little mermaid eating that shit. That's a good one. That's a good one. I think it would be cool. But like in the ocean, I feel like it would be a lot prettier. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah, that's true and more colorful. The space would be like, you know, be dark. Yeah. You would literally have to and then you know, then it would be bright. I don't know dude, but then you fucking make the most of it you freaking just let the let the light shine on you shine bright like a diamond shine bright. Yep, shine bright like a diamond shine about Rihanna. All right, so that's all we have for you guys. I hope you guys liked our first podcast. Hopefully we'll be back soon, hopefully. Hopefully some stories about the little pervs will stick around Flores come back perverts. Whoa. Whoa look. Yeah, we promise we'll have stories. If not, we'll freaking ask our listeners to give us some ideas to talk about we really want to make this show kind of like trying to make them a little more comfortable. But yeah, thank you guys for listening. I think we want to do everything, you know, we Make everything that's really serious a little bit kind of funny and makes you more comfortable to talk about it, right? Yes. Oh, so next time we'll talk about your Adam and Eve Scandal Adam and Eve. Whoa. All right well for all right, so this Arizona cactus me out. You little crawfish. Are you ready to leave? All right, stay by see my friends. See you later. Bye.