Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began.To speak in other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment because each one heard their own language being spoken utterly amazed. They asked aren't all these who are speaking galileans then how is it that each of us hears them in our native language Pantheon's Maddie's. Elamites residents of Mesopotamia Judea Cappadocia pontus and Asia phrygia and pamphylia Egypt and the parts of Libya near Cyrene visitors from Rome both Jews and converts to Judaism cretans and Arabs. We hear them declaring the wonders of God in our own tongues amazed and perplexed. They asked one another what Does this mean somehow ever made fun of them and said they have had too much wine then Peter stood up with the eleven raised his voice and addressed the crowd fellow Jews and all of you who live in Jerusalem. Let me explain this to you. Listen carefully to what I say. These people are not drunk as you suppose. It's only 9:00 in the morning. No, this is what was spoken by the By the prophet Joel in the last days. God says I will pour out my spirit on all people your sons and daughters will prophesy your young men will see Visions. Your old men will dream dreams. Even on my servants both men and women. I will pour out my spirit in those days and they will prophesy I will show wonders in the heavens above and signs on the earth below blood. Fire and Billows of smoke the sun will be turned to Darkness and the moon to blood before the coming of the great and glorious day of the Lord and everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved fellow Israelites. Listen to this Jesus of Nazareth was am an accredited by God to you by Miracles wonders and signs. Which God did among you through him as you Ourselves know this man was handed over to you by God's deliberate plan and foreknowledge and you with the help of wicked men put him to death by nailing him to the Cross. But God raised him from the dead freeing him from the agony of death because it was impossible for death to keep its hold on him. David said about him. I saw the lord always before me because he is at my right hand. I will not be shaken. Therefore. My heart is glad and my tongue rejoices my body also will rest in Hope because you will not abandon me to the realm of the Dead. You will not let your Holy One see Decay you have made known to me the paths of life. You will fill me with joy in your presence fellow Israelites. I can tell you confidently that the patriarch David died. Died and was buried and his tomb is here to this day. But he was a prophet and knew that God had promised him on oath that he would Place one of his Descendants on his throne. Seeing what was to come he spoke of the resurrection of the Messiah that he was not abandoned to the realm of the dead nor did his body see Decay. God has raised this Jesus to life and we are all Witnesses of it. It to the right hand of God. He has received from the Father the promised Holy Spirit and has poured out what you now see and hear for David did not Ascend to heaven and yet he said the Lord said to my Lord sit at my right hand until I make your enemies a footstool for your feet. Therefore. Let all Israel be assured of this. God has made this. This Jesus whom you crucified both Lord and Messiah. When the people heard this they were cut to the heart and said to Peter and the other Apostles Brothers. What shall we do? Peter replied repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the Forgiveness of your sins and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit The Promise is for you and your children and for all who are far off for all whom the Lord. Our God will call with many other words he warned them and he pleaded with them save yourselves from this corrupt generation those who accepted his message were baptized and about 3000 were added to their number that day they devoted themselves to the apostles teaching and to Fellowship to the breaking of bread and to prayer everyone was filled with awe. Thaw at The Many Wonders and signs performed by the apostles. All the Believers were together and had everything in common, they sold property and possessions to give to anyone who had need every day. They continued to meet together in the temple courts. They broke bread in their homes and ate together with glad and sincere Hearts praising God and enjoying the favor of all the people and the Lord added to their number day. Daily, those who were being saved today's devotional is written by Jacob Parton and read by Dave Ellis. During the Festival of Pentecost 50 days after Jesus crucifixion. The disciples are filled with the Holy Spirit empowered Peter proclaims to a large crowd all that God has achieved in Jesus life crucifixion and Resurrection amazingly 3,000 people respond and get baptized. I first encountered the presence of the holy spirit in my early teens, my youth leaders had offered to pray for us, which was nothing new to me. But this time Something was different. I experienced a strange sense of breathlessness, which was soon replaced by a profound sense of Peace. I'd never felt anything like it but have since met with the spirit many times in numerous different ways. My experience was quite different from that of the disciples. They heard a wind saw flames and spoke in different languages something physical must have been going on to as the crowd thought. They were drunk shaken swaying. Or falling over can be the experience for some today, but the purpose of the spirits coming was for empowerment Peter powerfully told the crowd all about Jesus and how the spirit was a gift that God had always planned to give to us when the spirit is poured out people are drawn to Jesus and as it shows in verse 42 onwards Christians are drawn together in unity. Are you welcoming the spirit into your life regularly to make you more? Jesus and able to share him with others welcome the Holy Spirit into your life right now. Let him draw you to Jesus. Spend some time reflecting on verses 17 to 18 in the last days. God says I will pour out my spirit on all people your sons and daughters will prophesy your young men will see Visions. Your old men will dream dreams. Even on my servants both men and women. I will pour out my spirit in those days and they will prophesy. Ask God to empower you through his holy spirit to receive spiritual gifts like prophecy and healing so that others might be drawn to Jesus listen for whom he may want you to pray for today. Let's finish with prayer. Lord Jesus we thank you that when your Holy Spirit draws us to you. He changes us to look more like you help us to receive him today and allow him to lead others to you through us.