If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started.Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping celebrities andAt P so this is our time for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray and ask God what? To do I don't want to pressure him. We do not live together because the values I was raised on does not condone shacking up. We'll all right sister. Plus I've invested a lot into my home. And unless we are moving in the upward Direction. He cannot live here with me go on girl in summary. What do I do? I'm prayerful about this and seek God daily, but I still don't know what to do. I don't want to start over. I really do love him. And I know he It's me. Okay, here's the answer to this question. First of all, you just answered it at the end. You love each other what difference does it make where you live? So if he proposes to you and you all decide to get married and you take a look at your expenses and you look at you know, maybe your house is easier to live in because it's closer to work and other things or maybe it's best to sell his home and moving your home or vice versa because one of your Home has a better property value who cares what it looks like. Let me tell you. I know so many people who live in big homes. They've got big bank accounts, but they have low self-esteem and they are not experiencing true love. So when it comes to love that is the answer that matter if he moves in and you're moving up or you moving sideways.