Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how Joey Longford, so Zoe Longford you have been selected for the little giveaway Zoe underscore Rose Fitness on Instagram and Zoe is a founder of the Zoe Rose movement. She helps women feel confident and empowered through Fitness. She's a PT and online trainer. So if you're listening to this Zoe drop me a DM on Instagram, let me know that you've heard this and then I'll grab your contact details, and I'm going to Send you over a little gift. So for anyone else that wants to get involved and be included in this giveaway that I'm going to be doing going forward just subscribe to the podcast on any of the platform's leave a review and then just send me a screenshot Alex C povey on Instagram. And yeah, maybe I'll select you next to get a little bit of a gift from me. So today we're going to be talking from a technical standpoint. So we're going to get a bit technical on this one not so much. About the mindset but it's about some strategy when it comes to marketing. So every single one of you has access to social media, and these are powerful tools to build your personal training and coaching businesses. And I want to specifically talk about Facebook today. I want to talk about using Facebook to build your business because probably about eighty percent of our Revenue across that companies come from Facebook. I love the platform, but I would not be on the platform if I wasn't using it for business. So I want to give you some insight into some of the things that I've learned from using it over the years for a business tool not as a platform to look at cat videos or post memes and talking purely from a business standpoint and how you can use it to to get way more organic reach. And people seeing your posts. So organic reach just for clarity in case anyone doesn't know what that is is the free exposure you get from posting on Facebook. So without any paid advertising because there's a trap when it comes to building a business and using Facebook what I see a lot of personal trainers and coaches doing is setting up business pages and making that their Prime posting platform. So using that business pages to Market their services and products now, there's a big problem with that and I'm going to explain what it is back in 2011, and I've pulled up the data on this if you had a hundred subscribers likes followers, whatever you want to call them on your business page and you posted some content around 26 people would see it. So about 26% sent now if we fast forward to when I've got the next piece of data, which is up to 2017 the recorded organic reach. So the free reach on a business page had diminished to 0.5% So if you had a hundred people less than one person would see your posts. So let's just take that into context if you had a hundred people, too. Three people three hundred people 400 people less than a thousand. You're not going to get many of your post seen by many people now there's a reason for this and that's because Facebook is a business. It's designed to generate revenue for its investors people that own the stock in Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg himself, right? He wants to make some money. That's why he's very wealthy. So this can really explain why the organic reach on on Facebook business pages is really low because Facebook knows you're a business and businesses generally spend money on Advertising. So what it does is it crushes your organic reach to next to nothing so that you have to pay to get attention. You have to pay to get exposure right? It's called pay to play because it knows you're a business and it needs to make money. So it's going to crush your Down so you've got to spend those posts run advertising campaigns now, that's fine. If you're going to spend money on ads on boosting posts, which I don't recommend by the way, but if you're going to spend money on Advertising then it makes sense to have a business page. But if you don't intend on spending any money then using a business page to promote your personal training and your coaching is a waste of time in comparison. Listen to something else that I'm going to give you which is absolutely free and crushes the organic reach of a business page and everyone's got access to it. Do you want to know what it is? I'm sure you thinking. Yeah, tell me what is it? Okay, let's get into it. And also I just want to preface I'm not making this stuff up everything that I reveal or go into on this podcast. I'm doing myself or I've tested it or I've tried it. I figured it out. Otherwise, I wouldn't be sharing it with you and I would never say to someone you should do this if I don't do it myself so you can go and fact check this. After the podcast door in the middle of this podcast, if you go on my Facebook profile my personal profile because this is where the magic happens guys. This is how you circumvent the Facebook algorithm. So like I said before if you're a business and you're on a business page, you're going to have very limited organic reach now a way around that and this is something I've been doing for years is I've been using my personal profile as my business page. So using my personal profile as my business page because the organic reach on a personal profile is far greater. And here's a cool thing about a personal profile. If you're a personal trainer, you're a coach. You probably going to have some friends on your personal profile. That could potentially be clients particularly. If you're in the same location that you grew up in and a working in you're going to have a good concentration of people that are in close proximity to the gym that you're going to be working at equally there could be online coaching client opportunities in that friend list as well. So there's going to be a couple of things that you need and like I said, you can go and check my profile and you can literally look at what I'm doing because I You all this stuff and it works and I've been testing it and been tweaking it. I've been refining it to make sure it is as good as it can be but there's probably room for improvement and I'm always refining things. But if you head over to my personal profile on Facebook just search Alex povey CEO of coaching ignited and you'll be able to find it and you'll be able to look at what I'm doing here. I've basically turned my personal profile into my business page now. We just want to caveat as well. I do have a business page because We do spend money on ads and we run campaigns, right? We do paid for advertising. So we do need a business page, but I generate so much business just threw my personal profile because it gets way more engagement and action. There's a couple of things that are really important when it comes to setting up a good profile. I'm going to walk through some steps with you right now so that you can start implementing stuff straight off the back of this podcast now you want to T like a professional business and a representation representation of you and your services, right? So you want a professional cover photo something that looks tasteful nice or maybe it's got your results in it and then a professional photo and I wouldn't use a logo I wouldn't use the logo of your your personal training brand because people don't buy from logos they buy from people. So make sure you've got your face don't put your dog there don't but you cut their put you there because people are buying an intimate. Service from you so make sure that's good. And when I say professional I mean just make sure the quality is fairly good use your iPhone and take a portrait photo of yourself. That'll be good enough then basically what you want to do is you want to use all the real estate. So you want to use all the real estate on the page to maximize your chances of generating leads. So use the intro section. So when the intro section for me, I've got want my free training on how to build a fully booked 1 to 1 PT business DM The word full that is a lead generation source that leads to conversations with potential clients. So I'm using that real estate in effective way. You could put something like I help women over the age of 30 restore their pre-pregnancy bodies, right? I'm just making this up on the on the spot, but you can get specific about who you help or what you do or you could put in a hook or a little lead magnet in there like I've done Then you can use the info section to add your Instagram handles, maybe some groups that you've got or maybe your other pages. So people can connect with you and other locations and then a really important thing is to have some social proof because there's a lot of BS in the industry is a lot of people saying they can do stuff but then they don't have the results to back it up. So what you do instead, well you back up your claims you put in some social proof. You've seen the before and afters. Or the video testimonials all the screenshots of clients saying that they've lost x amount of pounds or drop the dress size Etc. Use those case studies testimonials and results to back up your claims and create credibility and Authority people buy from people. They trust you have authority and results. So you want to demonstrate that on your profiles when people do come to it. They're going to see you as a credible person. Now I appreciate if you're just starting out. You might not have all these case studies testimonials text Transformations. So I would encourage you as soon as you start and you have access to people that want to train with you get before photos get after photos document everything because the quicker you can get that material the more clout and authority and social proof you're going to have which helps you in the process of marketing and converting coal traffic into paying customers. Is the next thing is you want to be posting relevant posts now. I was just doing a presentation to Bluestone College. One of the girls asked me should we post some personal content as well. So people kind of get to see behind the personal trainer and I was like totally as a rule of thumb. I think it's important to share some personal stuff too. And I would say a good ratio is 80 to 20. So 80% personal training related contents. Stuff that's going to help your audience and then 20% of like family lifestyle travel other things that they can see the personality behind the trainer, but most of the time you want to be speaking to your ideal customer and you don't want to be cluttering your feed with loads of cut videos and memes and loads of random shit. That just doesn't position you as an expert and just makes you look like an amateur. You want to look like an authority? So you need to post good quality posts that are relevant to your audience and position you as an expert. And if you do that and you do those changes to your profile and start using it as your business page, you're going to get way more engagement than you would on an actual business page. This is what I'm teaching my clients. This is what I'm doing myself. This is what a lot of other successful people. I know in the industry are doing so take it from me it works. And so you just got to get your head around flipping your personal profile into your business page. If you want to be fully booked successful be above average when it comes to a business owner in the fitness space or you can just treat it like a normal face book like everyone else does and you leave all that opportunity on the table. That's entirely up to you. But I'm just giving you the information the advice now. It's up to you to take action or not take action on it. Alright, guys. I hope this was useful. I'm going to be wrapping this one up, but I'm going to see you on the next episode. Hope you enjoy the rest of your week and we have got some big-ass coming on the podcast. So make sure you're subscribed leave a review if you want to be entered into the giveaways and I'll see you on the next show.