You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted in yourself on these kids and hanging it up for nothing. Nothing to do with the money. Here's the money Jack and Jill they make a mockery. You look like brownie or anything but muscles are weaker is here's yeah 10% a year action be enough for anyone too much for one man to handle them again. You never can tell you gauge eviction notice. You just sure to close right now. You're first on my list and I all he's only got one channel and your channels busy tuning in outside. Hello and welcome back to girls guts and giallo. I'm Auntie Rose mallow mat. And today I'm here with Kelly Grenier of horror spinsters. Hi Kelly. Hello. I'm so happy to be here and it's been stories of horror horror spinsters and Spencers of whore. Okay, usually on some social medias whore spinsters, right? Anyways, yeah. So Kelly we're going to be talking today about Faster Pussycat kill. Kill amazing. So before we get into that, can you tell us a little bit about who you are and what you do and what you want your podcast is. Yes. So Spencer's of Horrors about a year and a half old and it is a multimedia project. So we have a once-a-month podcast called I spit in her podcast where we talk about, you know various horror films sometimes other mediums, and it's Semi academic there is some research and thoughtful analysis and some banter but in the end it's all about our patch and for for the medium or the genre and the films that were talking about. We also do movie reviews and blog post. Mainly my partner just as the blog post by every once in a while. You'll see my work on there. So we do a lot of writing and the podcast awesome and the podcast is really good and I encourage if you like this podcast you'll like I Spit on Your podcast so Don't lie. Check it out. Okay. So when did you first see this movie? So this movie is very iconic and I've known about it for a very long time probably many years, but had it watched it. There's even I think in season 2 a buffy which is one of my favorite shows of all time. One of the characters even says, you know Faster Pussycat kill kill, and I never knew until recently that that you know, It was this film but in Toronto, there was a screening of it. I thought what a perfect chance to see this movie on, you know on the big screen in a theater my partner my current partner loves this movie and he's been saying since we started dating and of the last year, you'll love this movie got to watch this movie. We have to watch it with the theater. We saw it and I was immediately obsessed and so now and that was maybe three months ago, so I'm newly obsessed. I knew huge fan. Yes, I love this movie. I re-watched it for the podcast but I hadn't seen it in a long time. The first time I saw it I was in high school because I was obsessed with cult movies and I had this book called cult movies and 60 seconds which was like an in cyclopædia of cult movies and I would go there it yeah, I would go through the book and try to watch all the movies. So this was one of them and I might entire. Like sexual Persona is based on tourism etana in this movie. She is everything it she is everything man. Just watching it. I am super obsessed and if I would have seen her as you know, a teenager with my developing sexuality. Oh damn, yeah how I feel like I've my sexuality is blossoming a little bit. Just yeah, just thinking about Yeah, say yeah, I on my re-watch. I was like, wow, I'm rock-hard this entire Ruby watch. I understand Russ Meyers obsession with her is absolutely stunning and she has such an incredible presence and every single sheet seem sorry that she is in in this movie She's always doing some kind of pose. I feel like leaning on a car. Our hands on the hips or in her, you know, the front pockets of her jeans are maybe she's not like our thumbs in the gene Loops, but she is just absolutely studying and maybe I'll do a little costly of her at some point. I will never have those amazing brows, but the brand Rose just you know, I want to start doing my brows like that. It's incredible. Yeah and during my re-watch to I was like, wow, I've been so influenced by this character like Just you know, the makeup the clothes just everything and I watched I didn't get to watch like a an hour special on Russ Meyer last night as well. So I learned more about him. So the movie is it came out in 1965. It's an American exploitation film obviously directed by Russ Meyer starring Taurus etana ha ji and Le. Rory Williams as like the three villainesses and Susan Bernard as their victim I sort of like don't I didn't I have to say I didn't really look into the the men who act in it that hard. No, I just read about them. But I like Li don't care for a reason. Yeah, exactly. So a little bit about Russ Meyer. He was famous for his softcore porn a graphic exploitation films featuring women with Huge breasts. So yes, I read about his breast a few no fetish and also read about it's Laurie Williams who plays Billy right? So she doesn't have the waste to Bucks kind of normal standard for Meyer. So I read that he had actually had her stuff for bra to appear larger than she is. I saw that in the documentary as well that I watched like and apparently by the end of his life his obsession with breasts or I mean really as a fetish like his fetish for large breasts became so like grotesque like yeah, like he it's like kind of funny like he just became obsessed with like fake breasts as well like breast implants and like just bigger and bigger and bigger like it just got bigger as he got older. Like the obsession. Wow, yes, so it's I mean, I don't blame him like every woman in this movie is amazing stress. Oh, yeah, and yes. Yep also in the documentary he was it because the documentary was made after his death, but there was some interviews with him and he is just so Frank about like, oh, yeah, I'm totally turned on when I'm making these movies like yeah, there's like no pretense. He's like, oh, yeah, I'm incredibly around rest areas. Yeah. Yeah. I mean like part of me. This is like the rub always I feel like with being a queer woman is like part of me is like it. Oh, you're disgusting Pig and the other part of me is like but I kind of I get it like, yeah, it's really hot. So yes, I get it for sure. Yeah, only what I you know necessarily say that I don't know but probably would make the the women feel uncomfortable keep it in your head a little bit right? Keep it up. Keep it on the DL little ha ha. So right he's known for like his blend of sex and comedy and really famous for these low angle shots of women where he's shooting them from Below. Oh so that they look like really powerful and Amazonian. Like he definitely has some kind of like giant s fetish thing going on as well. Like these really not just like huge breasts, but I was like really tall women sort of like almost kind of an R crumb thing as well. Like just want to be crushed by them. And there's that's that's why he's got those low angle shots, which they made a lot of in the documentary. I watched like That might typically be seen as unflattering angle for a woman but it like really emphasizes their chest. Yeah. Yeah, I those are actually my favorite shots. But my favorite shot of the entire movie is it has Varla on the right hands on her hips or inner belt loops and then Billy sorry Rosie and then it has the old man in his wheelchair and sorry. I don't remember saying he's going to have a name. I guess they call him the able to terrible awful because I finally talked about that so awful. Yeah and the credits and credits vegetable actors stayed and it has like them to side by side with them very small in between them that like that low low shot. It's stunning. Yes. I actually made a note of that shot as well because it's so good and like so symmetrical and just powerful and so Russ. It really helped one of those figures that helped shape the landscape of underground film during the 60s and 70s and his stuff was like less transgressive of we as we move into the 80s and we get more like hardcore pornography. Like there's less of a demand for softcore and something that was interesting to me in the in the documentary. I watched was there when during the rise of hardcore pornography in the TS a lot of like softcore pornography Furs were really kind of upset about it because they felt like, oh, we're losing the art of porn like they they felt like part of the the excitement of it was like having to work around restrictions and having to lay on creative and have a plot. Yeah, you get things like Faster Pussycat. Area it's like definitely porny, but there's like a plot and you know, it's also beyond that so I found that really interesting. Hmm. So a little bit about to receipt Anna because she's so cool. How much do you know about her biography the definitely goes into it not hugely in depth, but Definitely I even wrote down like a like age five age to age 13 notes because apparently her life was quite terrible. Yes. I'm just ridiculous. But then, you know, of course like beginning is so terrible then the end is so big and Grant and wonderful. Yes. She she did something really great for herself and was successful and I'm hoping very happy. She seemed when I watched her in this documentary. She seemed happy. Because it was made before she died. She died in 2011. I want to say and she was so she was born in Japan and her father was a Japanese silent film actor and her mother was a circus performer of Cheyenne and Irish descent neat. Yeah, and her family immigrated to America and to California and they actually for a brief period lived everywhere in Turned and a Japanese internment camp during World War Two and then they moved from California to Chicago and Tara says that one day while she was walking home from school. She was 10 and she was gang raped by a group of five men who were never prosecuted. Yeah, so I read it. They bribe the judge, right? That's why nothing happened with that. Yeah. It's so terrible. Yeah. It's Awful and it is prompted her to learn martial arts like Aikido and karate and that's pretty of so all of her stunts are done by her in this movie because actually a martial artist. Yeah. Yeah and over at all. Those karate chops so good. Yeah and over the next 15 years this I thought was I need to read more about this at some point over the next 15 years. She tracked down each rapists and Exact and revenge. Oh, yeah how so I don't know. I need to know. Yeah, I need to know the details. Yeah, exactly. So the only way that she can write hate. Yeah. I need like an entire book about that. I also need that because yeah, that's crazy and it didn't really go into it. I need to look more into it exactly how she exact Revenge but I support her. Her and implicitly am as yeah. Yeah. She also like formed a gang of women. So she was literally in like a gang like in the girl gang. Yeah. Yeah, and she moved to La by the time she was 15 and she used a fake ID to work as a burlesque dancer and she eventually became a very successful exotic dancer or and traveled from City to city and she said that this was like her Your job even more so than acting so I thought that was pretty fucking cool as well like so sex work positive and like so just so Unapologetic about her past. She was a really incredible person. I was doing some research and apparently that there's been a documentary that's been in the works about her since 2017. So hopefully we'll be getting up soon. Yeah. It's Funny because as it was like 3:00 3:00 p.m. And I was waiting for your message. I looked that up if they had a Kickstarter and everything and the last update was from November of last year. And yeah, they wanted to raise $50,000. I got 56 thousand dollars. So it's apparently being made and there's a little trailer on their Kickstarter and everything. So I'm really hoping because apparently she wrote an autobiography and I don't think it's ever been released. It wasn't able to be finished I guess and then not published. Really great world needs it. And yes. Yes, they do we do I do. Yeah, and I also saw in the trailer John Waters is talking about her which I feel like makes a lot of sense because this movie is a precursor to Pink Flamingos. And definitely I can see how Divine the character of divine would be influenced by Varla like just the villainous that You're actually rooting for I just love that so she began acting in the early 60s. That's when she met Russ Meyer and starred in Faster Pussycat a little bit about Haji was also an exotic dancer and I couldn't find a ton about her but she was a British and Filipino actress and apparently she added a lot of her own style to her act. Rules for Russ Meyer, like utilizing psychedelic elements and Witchcraft which I think practiced so it's sorry. I would like to read more about her as well and Laurie Williams as Billy. I couldn't find a ton about her. So in terms of the production what what are some things that stuck out to you about how this movie was made if you can think of anything. Well, I was reading that I think it was like a $45,000 budget. He Russ Meyer was always really good about even like beat on budget or below budget try to do everything as you know, minimalistic as possible, which I thought was really great because I love Indie filmmaking and just work with you know what you can because that I think makes some really incredible films. I don't know the black and white aesthetic, of course, I love that too. I love that the really dark blacks really white white. I read about the just filming in the desert is and it was like a hundred degrees Yeah, I'm from Canada. So yeah doesn't get that hot here and you know just working the desert tour has always in Black love it, but there is like heat stroke issues which made everybody very grumpy. Yes. Yeah, there was like apparently some tension because what's-her-name who plays Linda Susan Bernards, she was a teenager. So her mother was on set and apparently there was like some tension between tourism Shawna and her mother and also tension because it's like a hundred fucking degrees. And yeah, it's Russ Meyer had a background a military background. So he actually ran his sets like a drill sergeant. Yeah, everything was like very regimented and it's that's actually really funny contrast. Considering the content of his films right? Very loose. Yeah. Yeah exactly. I also read that the movie was originally titled The Leather Girls. Oh that's in your wheelhouse. Yes, obviously something I did want to mention to you know about the film critic be Ruby rich Not until I started I read about her. Okay, so I did read about her feelings before in the 70s watching this movie. And then in the 90s how she kind of completely felt the opposite about the movie. Yeah, I found that really interesting so it for those of you who don't know B, Ruby rich is a feminist queer feminist film critic and and theorist and she said that when she originally saw this We in the 70s like she felt like it was sexist trash and then when she re-watched it later in life, she felt like it was this amazing kind of empowering or just like cool representation of women and I found like it's something I would like to kind of explore while we talk about this film is like that how how this kind of embodies both like weed. We it is important to be aware of historically how like women's bodies have been exploited by men in the film industry at the same time and that's happening here for sure. But at the same time like the dialogue they get to have and just like it's not a typical like sexist trash vest like it's ya know for sure for sure. I think it kind of fights. Tween the the idea of like object objectifying women, but also having them be, you know, a subject of their own narrative, right? It kind of have trying to find that balance between the two and I think honestly it leans much more towards them being powerful women and creating their own stories. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, they're the subjects of the film like the men are really You know kind of Side characters and even though that the movie kind of gets wrapped up where the evil women are defeated it almost feels like you're we're rooting for them the whole time I think yeah, and yeah, it kind of almost feels like something that maybe it was just there to neatly wrap up the film but is not like yeah anything that rosemeyer was like sincerely invested in. Anything like write it I agree. Yeah, I felt like it was these women are kind of self-destructive so that it's not out of the realm of possibilities that you know, they're going to kill each other or somebody's would have killed them because that's kind of their wild and loose and wacky life that they lead right? So let's let's talk about the the plot here girls got sand Jello will continue after this message. And here's your ticket theater three on the right. Enjoy the show. I'm sure you will the night shifts here at the girls got sand. Giallo, 24-hour sleaze Cinema are long and tiring, but someone's got to keep the tradition of a titillating late-night treat alive between this and making the podcast. It's a wonder. I have any time for extracurricular Hedonism at all. That's why I Anchor2 host girls guts and giallo. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. They give you everything you need in one place for free which you can use right from your phone or computer. The creation tools allow you to record and edit your podcast all in one app. They'll distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard everywhere places like Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Because they'll start matching you with ads right away download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot f m Yes, ma'am. Here you are two tickets for satanic safest Brides go right ahead and do enjoy the show. So in the beginning of the movie we get this voiceover, which I think is Russ Meyers voice about violence and the relationship between violence and sex and it's talking about like how women are mysterious and dangerous and where and there's this Montage of the three women dancing in the club and there's those like low angles those low-income. Russ Meyer moments and we meet these three strippers Billy Rosie and Varla and they're like shaking their shit and they're interspersed with like cuts of creep men yelling at them. It's a very interesting scene like a how did you feel about that opening scene? Well again, those those low shots make them very very powerful tour has got her back bending that apparently she was very much known for yeah, they were definitely very creepy. And I think there are saying go go which then is interesting to juxtapose out into the next scene, which is them racing their cars all over the place, right? How about you? Yeah, I felt like It was it was interesting. It was almost like these men are supposed to look like creeps and I like it very much. Like I felt like we were almost put in the position of the dancers as to opposed to being in the position of the viewer The Spectator which we usually right when men make content about sex work. I felt like Russ Meyer is putting us in there. The woman's perspective as opposed to the audience. Hide that one kind of feel to be like yelled at like that. Yeah, it's very jarring way to start your movie. And the so the next shot you were saying, right? There's three. There's out enjoy riding in the desert and their separate cars just being carefree and evil and I just kind of loved that like how how often do you see that in films of this time or really nice toe even like just uh, yeah women just kind of being as shitty and carefree as men are allowed to be and most definitely right did yeah, I keep nodding by like it's a podcast and it wasn't a CD. But yeah, but I feel I feel your energy nodding. Yeah. So I love that you're right the Carefree nests of them I love because they're just they did their job and now they can just go and smoke and drink and wrestle and fight. It's and just be kind of the the stereotypes of American masculinity. And yes, they're also Dan oars and sexy and strong and amazing. Yes. Yeah and there I also love like they're hanging out with each other. Like there has they're just there like a little group which is yeah, you know very it's just cool. Like I just don't want to be friends with yeah. Women hanging out together having relationships with each other friendships with yes relationships like them hanging out as women. Yeah. Yeah. How often do you see that in 1965? All right, exactly. Like there's so much that happens before any man shows up and it's yeah, I just really, you know on this viewing of it was very struck by that and like I tend not to use the bechdel test is like the ultimate Barometer of like if a movie is you know, whatever feminists or God that's like a whole loaded gun to even talk about but like I tend not to use that as the ultimate barometer but considering that this is 1965 like it is pretty significant this movie passes the bechdel test and 1965 like considering what else was being made at the time. I'm sure so they're all really hot. Physically, I'm just like temperature one. Yes, exactly. They pull over to like go swimming and Billy pulls over to go swimming is so we kind of see that Billy Rosie and Varla Torah is Varla and Rosie is Hodge on there. They're kind of like closer and Billy is you know more Reckless like They're more like tight-knit like we got to do what's best for the group and Billy is more like I want to do whatever I want to do. And yeah, does she act more independent even within that group of Independent Women and she's just very extra Carefree, you know, she's she's so aggressively sexual like I feel like all of them are quite sexual but she is You know to nth degree sexual and that's kind of her main thing if you like watch the movie It's All About will probably dancing and wrestling and having sex like she just wants to bang. Yeah, which is interesting because it's Billy is a very sexual person like for her own sake for Pleasures big whereas I think Varla and Rozier more about using their sexuality to get what they want, which it kind of Billy's like, Beto is like kind of her downfall and this moving. Yeah is did you just like a side note. Did you see the movie Bliss yet? No, but I did just come out on shutter. So now it's easily accessible but it's definitely top of my list. I feel like it's actually going to be a 20-19 horror release that I like. So yeah, it's I really loved it. So I definitely check that out when you can what I really like about Bliss which is why I bring it up is that the main character is just kind of allowed to be this like swaggering female asshole, which you know, I see in that movie and this movie just how shocking that is to see like how rare that still is. Anyway, I just thought that was interesting comparison, but it's amazing Varla like six Rosie on Billy and like since like go get her out of the you know the body Water she's swimming in and she's like, yeah, so I got to get wet because Lady Godiva wants to swim. Yeah, and then Varla just sits back. Yeah watches with a grin on her face. So when I first watched the movie, I was just just a nah, there's so much happening. There's so much actually many layers and so many things of this movie to actually digest and sometimes I don't even fully understand. Mainly what Bill he's saying. I don't know there's a bit there's I think it's just the vernacular that she's using, you know what I mean? And it's so I didn't so after much like three watches now. I've picked up on some things and like Marla just watching them with a smile on her face getting wet then wrestling. Oh, this is a very like sexually fluid group of women. Yesi, and I didn't really notice that it seems as a varlyn Rosie has it they have a form of her like a romantic or at least a physical or least romantic on Rosie side. Things with our together because before Rosie goes down into the water. She very affectionately lights Varla cigarette. I'd only notice that unlike the Third Watch. Oh, there's more going on here than I even noticed. Yes. Amazing. Yeah. No, it's for sure like their this is a very like sexual. There's a lot of sexual tension between the three of them and varlas like obviously in charge. Charge I write and I had a note here to about Rosie lighting her cigarette and it's just very like Mommy like, oh my God. I was just like this is explains a lot about me. And yeah, like there's it's so funny too because like a couple articles I read they were like Varla is like a bisexual icon and I'm like, yeah, absolutely like she's Yeah, it'sit's implied like it's not explicitly explored but it's there for sure. Yeah, so many instances of it which I found very just absolutely incredible and subversive. There's so many things about this movie for again coming out in 1965. It's the thought of you have to think of things like movies coming out like contextually of the time of 65 then watching it now and kind of just doing that comparison. Yes, I mean it the thing that's end of Entry that's shocking about this movie to me is like how transgressive it still is even though it yeah, man in 1965. Yeah. It's just it's still just as fun it's and then was when it came out and just as sexy so Rosy and Billy Russell and I have a note here. This is anyone else hot in here because I He's like, yeah, they're all beautiful. I know. Oh my God. Yeah Farlow breaks up the fight between them and challenges the two women to a game of car racing which I feel like I just really can't undercut how fucking cool that is to see women now in on-screen doing that lately and they play a game of chicken and there's some great green screen action without driving. Having great. I don't actually even know if it's green screen or if they just shot them in the car to look like they were driving and there's these great desert shots. The desert is really beautiful and in black and white the desert looks so like Barren and hopeless. Hmm in a way that it doesn't look at color. Varla wins the game obviously and Billy does this dance in like this? Areas, like 60s matter with her hips. It's so funny. And so this is when we need this like very Normie straight white couple that pulls up. Yeah, Tommy and Linda and they're doing time trials out in the desert and my note here is I get this I guess is what people did before the internet like just went out to the desert and just Like how fast her car could get my time. Yeah, so they're like doing time trials. They're like this parody of this All-American couple. Yeah. Yeah. Russ Meyer loves to roast Americana and who'd it's who one of the one of the women says, we don't like nothing soft. I don't know. I like I did. Yes. Have these great clothes. Like I think that was after Linda Linda offers them a soda and they're like, oh, yeah. Do you want to saw everything everything it touches hard? Yes. Wow. I know you can you Endo again. You have to watch it kind of like multiple times and get everything. It's wall-to-wall innuendo Walter while literally anything any one of these characters says is a quote like yeah. Yeah, there's it's so like they speak in verse essentially. Yes. Yes, everything is like extremely coated. I mean Russ Meyers dialogue is like really fucking funny. Like he like it's over who was the writer of this one? And then Russ Meyer helped him develop it. I forget his name. I feel like I'm gonna forget yeah are I will say that I noticed on the Third Watch was one of the one of the girl gang will call them mentioned something about an hour glass and then that's it. Linda Chimes and gets out of the car. She's like did somebody mention my figure what is happening in my life funny? I know I died. I died. I was like that because everything is Linda's also great in this movie a season for yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She plays this role so well and like yeah such can't factor and like that part is really funny. So Billy distracts Linda by dancing with her and she's so good and she misses recording Tommy's time. And this is so funny because Billy tells her to lie, and I realize she's like just tell them that you did it and I just don't really like that little edition of mischief and like how it just sets them apart as like these women who are sex workers who you know, that's kind of like what they do like they just a scam men like this girl who's White lights. All right. Yeah. She's like just lie to him just say you did it Varla mocks, Tommy. She's like, I don't try anything. I just do it and I love that lie in it and she challenges him to a race and Tommy says he doesn't have to prove anything. But Rosy eyes his car and she's like this a nice car. I think she's supposed to be like Italian or something. I think so in Barks, I know it's no idea. It's like she has this truly bizarre accent, but I think this must be Italian. Yeah, and she's like, oh, it only needs a paint change. So they kind of you know, they're going to they've kind of decided that they're going to steal their car. So the girls challenge Tommy to erase again and his manhood is threatened. So he accepts there's this great racing scene. Our luck she kind of like runs Tommy off the racing track and he crashes his car and the three women they like get out of the car and they start menacing Linda and rip the stopwatch off her neck and you can see their Amazonian bodies are like really contrasted with how petite she is. Yeah. She's little 16 year old girl, really? So yes. Yeah, it was good. So she has she was yeah, that's right. She was an actual teenager during the filming of this and this is very like I also like have a couple notes here about how Russ Meyers like a total submissive. Like there's just so much like Kink stuff going on here that is like has to be intentional like these three tall like giant women like pushing around this little or woman is like definitely a thing. Ultimo men in this lady the mob get on top. Yes, exactly. Yeah, so he's like obvious. This is like obviously he's thing and they Varla mocks Tommy again and like wrestle him to the ground. She beats him with a rock and she breaks his neck killing him and like with she kills him with her bare hands barehand. Yeah, like karate chop. Break his neck. Yeah, and Linda faints and the three women kidnap her and they she's like passed out in the front of our Lives car and they go to this gas station where varlam mocks the the stupid man at the gas station gas station guy. Yeah because he's like talking about he's like women's bathing suits that keep getting smaller and they put it's so funny because the the women Is like Anyway shut up. Yes, it's just like yes so good like the way that Russ Meyer like appreciates the way that Russ Meyer understands that men are creeps and like and and has his female characters like hate them for it. I find really unique like hmm. He did intimately understands because he was a Ledge Raz Meyer and he but he's like so aware of that. It's it's very like very unique kind of self-reflection through film that he does. So Varla threatens the women that they better not tell anyone that she killed Tommy because they're guilty as accessories and Billy has this really interesting line where she says you're cute like a velvet glove cast an eye. Learn, yeah, so she says that and then it's a butt. But like us some time but Varla like a gas chamber is a fun girl or something like that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, very just a lot of you gotta watch this again. And again till I get everything in these. Hey, they see this wheelchair-bound old man and his muscular son and the gas station attendant tells the women that the old man was. Old and a railway accident and he ended up going nuts as a result. He received this large settlement of money that is hidden somewhere in his decrepit house in the desert and intrigued Varla hatches a scheme to rob the old man and they follow him back to the ranch with their captive in tow and Varla kind of--can cocks this cover story about why they have Linda which is that Her boyfriend was killed. She went nuts ran away from home. And now her parents have hired them to bring her back. Mmm. So they're like these kind of like bounty hunters or something and Linda wakes up and Varla gags. Her ties her wrists together. I was pretty into this Soviet and billion Varla Spar again. So they're like, there's like tension. Between Billy and Varla for sure and Billy watches Varla walk away. It's very lesbian and then go like scope out the house and Rosie warns her that one day. She'll go too far with Varla and Billy says I can see her trying to figure me out, but I can't even figure myself mood. Yeah, and I totally miss ya like there's Yeah, like there's so much. just like self-awareness to in the dialogue like awareness of their They're debauchery awareness of like their evilness or are just like they're just they're just who they are. I'm just yeah, like I think also there sorry. Go ahead. No go. Yeah you go ahead. I was and I also feel like they're very aware of just Their social like their female sexual like social status at that time and there's multiple little hints to that, you know later on when well Todd definitely talk about the lunch dinner lunch time seen but just very aware of their status in life right now as well. Just even as women. Yes. Yeah. No totally like they they're interesting like coming from a sex work background. And I feel like Russ Meyer was his kind of like onto something there. And so with the women being sex workers and their portrayal of it of just like having a certain awareness of gendered roles that like people haven't done sex work just don't have the same level of awareness. So there's definitely that's definitely present and it's present Aunt in the actresses as sex workers and in Russ Meyer as like a lover of sex workers as a trick has like an ultimate trick. So Varla watches the old man and his son through the window may have a kind of a conversation implying that the younger son who they called the vegetable. I'm not calling him that I'm just going to call him. The younger son might have liked. Hurt some women accidentally because of his cognitive impairment and not understanding his own strength. So the representation of the younger son and this movie is like obviously super ableist and yeah really kind of like the worst part of this movie in my opinion like just it's it's very common of exploitation films of this era to use cognitive disabilities as a way to like that. There's that kind of like Backwoods like yeah, you know, just the fear of like rural impoverished people basically like and stereotypes about them. Like I'm thinking of The Hills Have Eyes and like, Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Years later, like it's you know, just a lot is made of that and it kind of like cognitive impossibility kind of stands in for this larger fear of the of Rural America. Hmm and just something I felt had to be mentioned and explored. I agree and you I made note of the gas station attendant again, that's where you find out like, oh these vegetable but he also calls the old man the crip like, oh, yeah, just out of my first time but it's yeah, that's absolutely terrible and I think the most problematic aspect of this movie and not the women because I feel like that's like lower rung down of that's much more empowering even at the time right, you know various verses but very empowering and this is Not empowering whatsoever. No, it's just I see it as just like part of this very dispersed this tradition of an American exploitation films at the time of like the mocking and fear of Rural America because this is it's not the woods but it's like the rural desert rule desert people and yeah just kind of coastal city people kind of mocking people who live in more impoverished rural areas. There's a lot of like precedent for that and even still in film that that happens and just like using people with visible deformities or people with cognitive disabilities to like represent a larger fear of something the night that talk about this a lot on the podcast but most recent example, I can think of as mid Soma are like using Somebody with a disability as to add to the fear and of element of it. Yeah. So Varla is discovered by the older son Kirk and the father comes out with a shotgun and Varla explains that they were driving all day and saw the ranch and thought it was deserted so they came to get some water and the old man. Anne says they let him vote smoke and drive him up put him in pants and seven pants. I know and this is another interesting element is like the misogynists in this movie or evil like yeah, he's yeah, we're supposed to see him as like a backward old creep and he also says when she walks away and she's more stallion than mayor but if I think there's this but if you get it, right the right halter she could Tamed type thing. Yes. Okay. Yeah interestingly. Like when he does creep on a woman he chooses to creep on Linda because she is the most helpless of them. Yeah. So seems like little girls, right? Yeah. So Billy bathes under the water tank and Varla and gags Linda so she can bathe and she begs to be let go but Varla promises her When they're done with her, they'll just drop her at a bus and she plays with her hair and it's like very sexual and Rosie implores far let they should leave the old man for them old man Blows the Whistle and this is so funny. Varla says that old man is a sick character. He won't blow the whistle on any woman under 50 because she knows he's a Letch and being dancers being sex workers. They just kind of know when immediately when a man is a creep and that's like he didn't even really say anything but she's like, oh, yeah, that's that guy's a fucking creep. Yeah, but you know, you can see them know it relatable. Yeah, and she the old man and his son grow up and wireless is Billy watch the sweet young thing like about Linda and Billy Graham. It says she's Billy says to Linda you're safer with us because that old man is another creep which is like not untrue like it's a way so that then there's a great shot you were talking about of the two women like flanking the old man they tell the story that they've concocted about Linda and how they've they're taking her back to her parents there's like really witty Punchy dialogue and you know how often do you see such witty a log from female characters also of this time like the biggest example I could think of her our film noirs from the 40s like the women had more kind of Freedom here Punchy you know witty dialogue but hmm yeah it's um and then in like some romantic comedies in the 50s right like the women can kind of get away with saying more and all of that is definitely like an inspiration for the dialogue of these women in this film So the old man tells the women to stay for lunch and Varla tells Billy to watch Linda while home and her and Rosie go scope out the property and this is when Billy kind of reveals to Linda that ultimately she doesn't really trust Rosie and Varla and that both her and Linda need to follow their orders if they want to stay alive. Yeah. Yeah, the old man schemes with his younger son about how they're going to save Linda from the girls all while creepily drooling. Going over her. Yeah and billion Linda stroll up Billy kind of like walks off with the young son who she's been eyeing for the whole time because he's super buff and like walks off with him to go watch him work out and Yeah leaves London with his old man. And holding a shot holding a shotgun. Yeah and Billy like Strokes his muscles as he pumps iron and like tries to seduce him and then they hear Linda yell and they they run out to her and the old man is like falling out of his wheelchair and he like tried to creep on her tried to touch her and Linda ran away and Linda runs into the road. She Sees Kirk driving and he pulls over and you know Linda falls into his arms and legs tells him to save her but he's an idiot doesn't listen to her and Varla and Rosie come back and admonish the old man applying. He's like this predator and that's why Linda ran away. I really loved their car their contempt for him like it's so open. Open just like you let they're like, why do you think she ran away? It's like ultimately their enemies with anybody who's outside of their group. But at the same time like their loyalty is more to Linda than it is to like the this guy like, they're still defending her. They're like people in course you ran away. Yeah, of course and I was like, oh, yeah, she'd like nothing happened. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. that and then it's you know obvious and then we have our proof which is like oh no you tried something with her and that's why she ran away like she knew and then we see him clutching a piece of the fabric from her shirt yes oh yeah that's like that's a good detail I missed ya so much to Linda's horror Kirk drives back to the ranch house and is like I live here and Linda freaks out and flees the car and Rosie and Arla crap heard capture her again Kirk demands that his father tell him what's going on Varla like slaps Linder gags her and Billy and the younger son or like making out by the train tracks and yeah the sound of the train overwhelms the Sun and he covers his ears in pain and Billy The kind of show like she's you know kind of still trying to keep their encounter going but she also shows some Humanity, you know, she's like, oh you're really scared aren't you and he you know says he's scared because his father is scared of trains because he was hit by one. Yeah. So there's like the father and the younger son are like super enmeshed and codependent like the younger son has basically taken on all of his father's feelings like he's scared of trains because his father scared of trains. I just found that I really like kind of interesting addition and I was kind of wondering what they were getting at there by including that in the movie. Mmm and mmm, I guess maybe it goes back to That whole like the dysfunctional family as as America almost like as the as the US like just the fear of people who live in communities like this or yeah, I might have to think more about it because there's a lot of American exploitation films that do similar things like this and here Elijah nice kind of talks about it in her book The House of psychotic women. Don't know if you've read that book. I have not it's on the ever-growing list of books to to read but that's neat that she talks about that. That's yeah, definitely check that out because yeah, it's like really she doesn't talk about this movie, but she talks about yeah, a lot of movies that have like dysfunctional particularly incestuous family structures and exploitation films interesting. So Varla is bathing now in the water tank and Rose. She is like watching her and she shining her booths and it's obviously they're like in a relationship or something again implied. And this old man had the old man has this interesting monologue about the train as like a ghost that's haunting hanging and I thought this might also be a kind of let me know what you think about this because Russ Meyer has his military background and because of like where we are in American history at this time. I thought that this might be a war veteran metaphor like this old man who has been kind of like named in this way as is is haunted like in a PTSD kind of way. And yeah. Yeah, it's like yeah, I'll living out in Rural America just like super isolated very dependent upon everyone to help him and then guess develop that very strange obsession with young girls because what the story was that he tried to save a young girl, but then he got trapped at that train and she ran off. Yes, and now he has a weird obsession with girls. Yeah. Yeah. It'd be a really weird manifestation of his. ESD right yeah and I thought I mean that that was just interesting to me like you don't see a lot of exploitation films a you don't think like men are lecherous like I'm thinking of you know I Spit on Your Grave like any kind of rape Revenge film like there's no explanation really for why the men or such Leches but in this movie like there's stuff going on there like as a puppeteer has there's this backstory everyone has a backstory everybody has layers yeah yeah exactly yeah so I thought you know this might be kind of a nodding to the PTSD that people of that age at this time were experiencing so he disparages his younger son to Kirk in this really disgusting like bigoted way like he you know he says he's just like a blob of Flesh he's not human he's only an instrument to the old man to get things done that he wants he's like basically his legs now like he just does things for him lunchtime this is a great stand yeah yeah they are like sitting around eating lunch and it's just double entendre after double entendre like that's the entire scene like so many great lines mine's like but I'm not going to list here but it's yeah it's just hilarious just wall-to-wall funny and Billy says something that hints at Tommy's murder and Marla slaps her across the face in front of everyone and Linda starts raving again about how Varla is a killer and the Old Man reveals that the younger son killed his mother without meaning to and that he some for it and his son Wheels him away and Varla takes kerkhof to seduce him Billy is drunk now and provoking Rosie her drunk acting is hilarious I feel like she got drunk in all of two minutes yes wasted yeah I feel like Varla maybe had an eighth of the the corn on the cob but she was eating at that time and she's like yeah she's wasted yeah she's there was one thing again on different watches that I noticed it again it comes so much of this I noticed with regards to the relation between Rosie and Varla so drunk Billy tells Rosie that she has one channel and she really should be AM FM like her so I'm feeling that's like lesbianism bisexuality and again just show fluidity of these women sexualities which I really liked that little is the analogy of the AM/FM radio yeah that's interesting I totally missed that but that's absolutely what what's being implied there because Rosie is kind of the only one who doesn't use her sexuality at all you know towards men in the movie at so I think it's good yeah I implied that Rosie is just is gives a lesbian and she also says that's why I do things because it feels good yeah your impression of her right eye was so good yes it's really funny really good transition between like a close-up of her drinking and it cuts to Marlon Kirk making out with the cheesy music and yeah this I love this scene so much because Kirk is just like completely seduced by Varla even though he knows that she's evil like and he says to her because you're a beautiful animal and I'm weak and I want you to I honestly think he wasn't acting like that I would Like for real like just completely seduced and she says what's week about wanting and he says what do you want and she says everything or as much as I could get and yes, bitch. Yeah, it really embodies my entire life attitude, but she was in 1965 and me watching them move clean-out is like yes. Yes. Yes. You just embody my entire. just life motto yeah I love it so much I want everything as much as I can get and they are like making out in this Haystack and he's like losing his mind it Rosie the other thing is like the representation of sexuality I mean I can see why at the time this was seen as like softcore because usually there's like a kiss us and then the camera Cuts but this is it stays on them like making out and him like looking at her breasts and just like oh yeah it's losing if you're not sure where it's going to go yeah are we going to do more now you know I'm be like perv in the background I'm like more warm and she's like totally in control like he is a mess she is like yeah anyway I control the situation really Rosie is like watching from a distance in pain and she's all jealous and Kirk is like so weak right if our love is so strong and assertive and Billy passes out because she's drunk and Linda runs away again and The Old Man and the younger son drive off in Hot Pursuit and Rosie follows in Varla scar Varla recognizes her car's engine and like throws Kirk off of her to like it is she she drives off with Kirk to find Linda and she says let's find her before that old Lech does but he says oh you know about that too like he knows his father's allege gross so the old man spots Linda and tells his son run and get her and he tackles her to the ground as the old man like crawls towards them in the dirt it says really like intense scene actually and not very very very you know like just exploited of like to a typical exploitation film the Sun the younger son like collapses in front of Linda and start sobbing and apologizing and Kirk runs up and confront him and Varla stairs down at them in contempt and she starts laughing and she goes are you nuts protecting to kook's they tried to rape this girl and I'm like yeah feminist icon she's like cute idiots I don't know she's like um okay listen I kidnapped this girl and I'm trying to steal money but I'm not a fucking rapist like she was stealing boundaries yeah yeah yeah exactly like which to me Kirk is so much more evil than far look at ever be because he's complicit in the sexual violence around him and it pisses me off that he gets to live varlas just trying to fucking live man okay yeah he's just trying to live her life like she's of sex worker she just wants to steal a car and steal some of this old rapists money and I I support her and also support her then I can just drive off into the sunset and go you know go get drunk in a bar somewhere yeah yeah tell room that was my life yes I wish that was my life no I just I love that she's like um these guys are kook's and how dare you try to protect have yes yeah it defend them yeah exactly and Kirk says it's over nobody's hurt which like is something like girls are so much eyes yeah exactly and it's also just typical like oh it's over now okay but what about when it happens again like it's yeah and Kirk says he's going to have his brother committed and Lead Linda away to his truck Varla is disgusted and as she should be and I feel like there's something that happens films at this time which like not like I feel like this is kind of an odd to like the burgeoning women's rights movement in the US as well like recognition of rape culture and all of those things but yes in a lot of films that this time like the film tends to you know kind of paint it in a way that makes it seem like we're like women's Liberation is a negative thing where and I think you could see I don't know like what do you think I think you could see the the woman's downfall in this film is kind of leaning towards a negative view of women's lib but I also feel like the film kind of sides with them in a way and like you know kind of naming these guys as creeps and rapists yeah for sure it's it again it comes back to try to find that that that's fine fine balance and an often and a lot of these types of movies and just film overall at the end you know although all the women are dead you think okay well now we could restore to the patriarchal order of things and like everything is right in the world but really nobody wins look who survives Linda who's totally traumatized and kind of seen as she's kind of a weaker more sensitive female character and then we have our enabler are right essential like are essentially our rape enabler alive so really buddy wins and no order has been restored right it's just chaos yes it was chaos before it Stills chaos so nobody wins right yeah no that's interesting and when we get to the ending we can I would like to talk more about like who wins in this meringues yeah so Kirk tell he's his father to give him the keys he says he threw him away and he slaps his father and tells him he's going to ruin them all because of his hunger for revenge and I was like Revenge What the train I was like, I don't really get this like his revenge plot is really yeah ran away. If you try to save right? Yeah. I don't know. I didn't really get it but him and Linda start walking away and Varla tries to get them to ride with her but Linda refuses and Kirk calls her a sick girl and she says I was healthy enough a half an hour ago, or do people look different to you and they're horizontal. And I was like, I mean, yeah, like I feel like all of a sudden. Oh, you're evil and she's like, well you were about to fuck me. So yeah, I know the blood is now back in your brain. Yay. Yeah, so now I'm sick. Okay, and Marla gets back to the ranch where Rosie and Billy are and she tells Billy and Rosie that they should kill the man and the girl and cover up Linda's kidnapping and the murder of her boyfriend Billy. is but as she walks away Varla throws a knife into her back yeah at least a bit on the back to see up literally stabbing her in the back and as the end the old man and his younger son arrived and Varla hits the old man with their own car killing him and knocking over his wheelchair to reveal money hidden inside the wheelchair and in this particularly oddly 10 sequence between Rosie and the younger son Rosie tells the younger son to remove the knife from Billy's dead body and when he does he violently stabs Rosie to death with it yeah hate that that's kind of sad for me like out of the three I mean she seemed like a very good like middle growls level-headed yeah compared to the other two or more Rosie yeah good much more of her was so much of the other two and she kind of just was this more mild in between I would love to see more of her yes less chaotic and Varla sees Rosie's dead body and she calls out her name and horror and pain because they like were the kind of their lovers obviously so yeah Varla hits the younger son with her car but he's still alive and then she tries to Ram him into a wall with her car injuring him and I found this sequence really interesting because I felt like it was she's like fucking him with the car it's like yes incredibly sexually charged it is there's like she's very strong and he's very strong he's going to win out like who's stronger and this like dominant scenario he's a maybe not a emotionally or mentally super strong character but he's physically strong which is men are supposed to be he's so masculine look o haughty is you know right where is she no has the the mask Unity of you know maybe the car or scars are you know they're seen as like this masculine icon and figure for I and their their cars masculinize the women in this movie or its yes yeah more to it than what I was trying to say but you know that kind of that back and forth which I thought was really interesting because then does he kind of just get out of the way well I somehow her car like the wheels spin out into the band and like she can't move the car any more comments are maybe a bit equal yeah like they they're like at a standstill and I mean the car kind of like Becomes Her dick honestly like she's I mean the whole movie like the cars are these women's dicks basically like it's there like quote-unquote masculinized it's like Anna think are also is like a fetish object like I think about the Cronenberg movie Crash if you've seen right yeah actually but oh yeah that it yeah it's really good and just like the car as like a sex organ is a theme in a few movies and I really found this particular sequence really interesting in that regard like she's overpowering him with her phallic symbol yep and and and Linda is like totally feminized because she never drives you know she never liked is behind the wheel of a car never never in control of any of her Destiny and his movie or not so driving the so he's too strong she can't kill him so driving the man the men's truck Varla chases Kirk and Linda into a gully and Varla and Kirk fight handy in combat and this is another thing is like how often do you see women and men fighting and film like I can think of a couple of examples but I can't especially in my gum martial arts films of this time like there's in you know mixed gender fighting so that's you know heavily inspired by that obviously and she gets the the better of him but then Linda hits her with the the truck so this is the one time that Linda Gets behind the wheel hmm and she goes to she goes to hit so far like goes to hit Kirk one last time but then Linda kills Varla and and she dies and I sent my no here is Boo and yeah just like that fist in the air about to like yeah I chopped her one more time until the end yeah and it's girl Linda is so distraught over having killed Varla which I think of you know she's more feminine than the three women like she has her womanly sadness over killing a person and when least she's like it's abilities right she's like I killed her like she was an animal and Kirk tells her well she was an animal she wasn't human women and nothing human yeah it's not me crying and then Kirk and Linda Drive off together in the truck and knows yeah of course they do prevails which good love that yeah who was you know who is really like winning here like it starts in chaos at ends in chaos I don't know I just fucking hate that they die it's like yeah yeah I wanted them to live yeah like I'd have their their life and their their cars and just you know be happy yeah exactly well that's the end well that's the end yeah and I was I was thinking about like Quentin Tarantino and like how inspired he is by Russ Meyers filmography and like how he tries to kind of rewrite the endings of these kind of exploitation films by having like the people who are have been disenfranchised wind yeah and you know I'm not a fan of Quentin Tarantino particularly but I if you look at his work like in a larger context you can appreciate it a lot more because you kind of see what he's trying to do like he's you know like in Death Proof like these kind of a Faster Pussycat kind of scenario except like the women win right so I kind of I like I've always appreciated he's trying to do in his work and yeah any closing thoughts about Faster Pussycat closing thoughts oh my goodness I did think about when you mention a couple minutes ago to the regards that there's aspect of the movie that lends towards like showing the the downfalls or the side effects to the consequences of feminism because at the time they like oh they're going to feminists are going to destroy our traditional family values and there'll be chaos and my you know now they're wearing pants and now they can vote right now and they and stuff like that in the movie but you know maybe it's of course these women are exaggerated archetypes you know but I think I think it does a really great It creates a really good balance between both but with a with a higher that the higher scale and and every the president's going to the women being very strong. They have like full agency. They're in control of their lives. They know like who they are and where they're at and what they're doing. I see it, you know so much of these women challenging a male sense of virility, which I really like again watching this, you know, if you can imagine watching this movie in 1965 this was Dove crazy for these people to be seen women like that. So of course, they're calling them not human and you know kind of like they're monsters and they're evil because in their minds that women at that time would be if that's what they were doing. So I really really liked that aspect of it. Yeah, that's kind of clever about Russ Meyers take on it as I think he's so in my opinion and I'm open to being wrong about this. I think he kind of obviously sides with the women in this movie. and I think he is kind of making fun of men a bit who are afraid of women especially with that opening voiceover like oh yeah you know like he's aware of these Dynamics and I honestly think like part of why the ending is the way it is is because it's like oh well people aren't going to want to watch this if like the women win so we gotta kill them off but I don't think it's you know saying like and this is you know know why these women can't like this is this is why that they must lose you know it feels very like kind of perfunctory like it's like Anyway let's let's kill it like kind of like you know how a lot of lesbian vampire films of the 70s it's like though the the lesbian vampire like has to die so that normativity can Prevail but in like some of the movies it just feels really like perfunctory and kind of like tacked on like oh we kind of have to do this to like you know please The sensors are being the audience but like we don't ya ya feel particularly strongly about it. So yeah, you know, I read this interesting thing about because I actually haven't seen any other Russ Meyer movie and now I am pumped because I really want to see other things that he has done and I read this quote that I could make his movies could be seen as wittiest satires on sexual repression. I thought was interesting. Just honestly, I've only seen what this movie but can't we just see this This as him kind of making fun like you said of these traditional type characters traditional American values and making fun of how in the 60s they were very repressed. And so here we are. Let's just kind of not exploit it in like a negative way, but exploit that in a super-fun empowering way. Yeah it exactly yeah. So that's Faster Pussycat Kill Kill Ya, so where can people find you and your your work and your podcast on social media right so our sponsors of horror has a website Spencer's of horror.com really you can get link to the podcast and all of our reviews and articles and everything from there but the podcast itself I spit in your podcast is on all podcasting app so Spotify iTunes Stitcher SoundCloud everywhere you can find podcasts yeah and Twitter at or spinsters awesome and you know where to find me everyone girls gots Jello at Twitter and Instagram patreon.com slash girls gots Jello and I will see you next time thank you Kelly thank you that she does what's wrong from she's running fast and free child