What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's by far the best platform I've used.I've used other platforms, and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my name is Kevin man. This is Andrea. Nice to meet you. So that was a little like weird in the beginning, but I appreciate you taking the time to really do. It's all good, man. I hate not a business go down the DMZ. Yeah. Yeah, of course. All right. Okay, that's fine. Yeah. How's the day going man? Pretty good? Yeah, yeah, dude weird showing them. We're showing we just got back from class. I did at least but I didn't have class today. Thank goodness. It's yeah. Yeah, why do you know us Sean Kelly, too? Yeah, I went I went to an event. I told him he was he was telling me how he met you and I was like yo, like I'm a huge fan of the professor and like I told him today like I'm doing a podcast with you, so he's pretty high it. So, thanks again, man. Yeah, yeah. He was smart to spend a lot of money to go to that thing. Like that was a smart move. Yeah. Yeah. No, he's it's the that was a hundred million Mastermind, right? Yeah, so I guess we'll get started man. So scare ya. Yeah, no, dude. That's totally fine the sauce on man. Um, so yeah, just tell us what your daily schedules like man love to go into it. Muscle Milk, yeah, there's traffic in La so Bob ointment. Usually my workout woman's not so like 9:00 a.m. So I get my workout in I'll leave the gyms. I like noon though, because I do treatment and then I work for about an hour and then I'm boots and in between Talking is that the other so I'll leave some about noon. Yeah that I had back to the actually just go to office from there. And then it's okay. It's everything content. You know, I mean, like I'll meet with somebody will go through emails for about an hour discussing bookings. And then for the rest of the day, it's all about six or seven. We're reviewing content Vic. It's videos, you know, like sit with the editors and won't want this headed this way. What did this look like? How is this going to come out stuff like that? So that's that's evolving home if I'm the zombie in LA in two. Down as my day normally looks like if I'm on the road. Could be anything, you know, yeah. Yeah. No, absolutely. Once again, Grayson Boucher aka the professor so hyped so cool say that let's go. So just fast-forwarding the high school you talked about how your life was really starting to revolve around basketball as you were hoping to play in college, you played freshman JV and then JV again your junior year and then after high school, you know, you've got no offers. Your dad was actually friends with Chemeketa Chimney Cap. At excuse me Community College Temecula sidemen. I've been practicing that one head coach and then he actually sold him his wedding ring correct and you know that was sort of a beginning of the connection after you made that team at around the same time the and one tour was holding tryouts and during those tryouts you were one of two people out of sorry to people out of 500 to play. And one team correct that night you were soon as to join the tour and playful time. So we're you overwhelmed. I mean, there's so much I mean everything was going so fast at 18. I mean where you use more stressed or did this boost your confidence, you know play with these guys. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was a weird series of events. My life is kind of like a movie like literally, you know, one year prior or to kill your fryers you make a cut from the varsity team played JV again, you know, you're a junior on JB. You ain't usually playing college ball enough the right right. So then I go to a smaller school. I got second-team All-State by senior year. I think I'll get caught. Nothing. I got cut from three. Juegos and then my yeah, my dad did sell some jewelry to the coach of the local community college and got on there, but there were a lot of people don't know is I committed myself to basketball you more which is saying a lot because already lifted but committed even more like got the way room did three days after my freshman year and I proved like three hundred percent right until to all the sudden. Even though I've proved that much, you know that yeah, yeah. Thing through ESPN. They were airing the N1 Games just on top of that. You know, we're your parents supportive of the you know, this young at the time when you were in college or or were they, you know, did they want you to stay in school and keep pursuing, you know that starting position? at the time that or yeah. It was gonna be like a buzzkill but no I asked him. Like what do you guys think? You know, it's a school or sign a contract. They're like, oh we got signed a contract you done and looking back on it. My parents being supported that was that was like probably one of the main if not the main components. Why in the way I was or the way I am now because they easily could have told me like education comes first. Let's do that. But I think for them, you know, they had every new basketball shoot. It came out. They put me in all the clinics camps. My mom drove me an hour plus to like a a you practice several times a week one time ours are all year, whatever. So I think all that time and effort they put They were like, hey, you know, this is the perfect opportunity to make it pay off, right ya know. So I mean did the chemistry of the team like change like knowing you know, there were locals on the tour, you know, trying to you know, pursue like a full-time contract with the team. What was that like was there a little bit of competition within the and one atmosphere? I mean were you treated differently as a 18 year old or All the time and then the other half of the team is the people from that City who came in the building trial and then the last the last third of the team was like it was like myself who have been on the bus. It was called on the bus if you were in this contest. nervous eliminated sent home. I just feel blessed to be out there like winning a contest. It sounds weird today but winning a contract and making a career out of basketball outside the NBA. I didn't even see that as possible. So I yeah couple games with hot sauce. And yeah, yeah, so I actually I know I know we were running low on time and you know, I just have one or two more questions for you. So, you know, I love the air one video game. Is that something that you guys did on your free time like Like as a team, did you guys play you know against each other? I'm just curious like playing playing the PS2 game ever smack on the sticks or I played that game a bunch with my friends at home right when we Were we did play? Up to or because what? And 2006. I'm sure they played it on the butt but I was actually missed the whole year. So I broke my foot. So I wasn't even on the road at that was debuting. I was actually in the crib. Yeah. Big split with guys on the team, you know half the team went to a different company and have stayed a little bit of like not animosity but like weirdness is a totally different seasons the laughter weird thing about that video games. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. You want to ask me to play on the bus up there without yeah. Yeah, ya know it's funny because my dad knows how actually how I grew the gate grew love for the game of basketball because my dad bought the game at a garage sale and I was like this game is sick like all the moves like there's trash talk. Like I was like this. I was like seven years old at the time. I thought was so dope. Yeah, I was very young man. I was pretty young. My dad didn't really know much about it. But thank God. Yeah. Yeah, so what's the you do have to head out or Okay, sweet awesome. Um, so you know you talked about you know, and one and how big of that was for your career as well in 2008 the contracts were up after six seasons with ESPN. And that's a tough time for the contrast to go up because you know is the time of the recession and you know, big big financial crisis for everybody. What was the mood around the team like not just from like a financial? point where referred a career standpoint but in terms of you know, is this the end of a Brotherhood, you know, what was that like so we stay with that was immediately we are split 50/50 that Brotherhood kind of was a little tainted at that point and then we have the same team for the Two years 2007 2008 but it never was the same. You know, I mean it wasn't it was it was cool and I love the guys I played with don't get me wrong hot sauce Escalade and Skip to My Lou. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so, you know, you know after you know the M1 tour and you know from really 2009 to 2013 issue around that time you talked about like selling game orange jerseys, right and and you know selling them on eBay to you know maintain a Then respect for that man, you know, what motivated you to keep pursuing a career pursuing the living in basketball during that time. It's hard the hard hits your pride like oh, yeah, nobody door 295 right now. They probably look at that and be like I feel everybody was met by but when you're in those shoes, you know, when you're in those shoes, it feels kind of weird. So for me, I was like, hey, everybody asked me to train their kids over the years and and and even Pro players wanted me to train them. So that was a natural segue. I would just start training and then that took a while to set up so that really go off the jerseys. I found one day of cleaning my closet sold. Those joints made about 20 30 grand. That he'll be down for about eight months. And the next thing I know you know animal was in 40 countries those International countries. They're like, we don't care the company got bought out and all that we still want to do and what makes a right. Yeah. Them I do a game with Alan Africa do game at Allen Japan. Right and one Australian. I was I did that for like two or three years until my YouTube channel starts to pop later. Yeah. I know in dude you grew like a major following on social media like in this Spider-Man videos like that. That was sick. Like I saw that I saw the Santa Claus 1/2 for like over Christmas. I was like yo, that's dope. That's so funny. Yeah, yeah, no absolute. So do people just challenge you like out in public or do you call them out and like how does the trash talk? Like, how was the interaction with fans like on the court? I can say I was the I don't think I've ever initiated a 1v1 usual we do is we go to a park to go shoot some content and then like people I want to interrupt my shoe, but they'll come out during the middle of the shoot and I will challenge, you know, I mean, yeah. Yeah, then you can go harder. You know, I mean like I'm not feeling shame, you know shameful about clowns somebody, you know, yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, you know we can we can wrap it up. Definitely man. I just want to say thank you for taking the time again. It's to leave it on a note. What's your what's your Either part of your career so far. What's been your favorite part of this journey? They're just like an what is I guess in the air one tour is it, you know the YouTube videos, you know looking back at it, you know. Yeah, you know what? A lot more that they'll run has a lot more respect right then it did back then believe it or not. They yeah. Yeah the regular basketball world ever. We fall right now. NBA players has to be working out. I have friends who assistant coaches totally different game these days, but but yeah. The Filling inside yeah, I know awesome. Hey, thanks again, man, Greece and Boucher everybody aka the professor on while Chad Sports podcast here. Thank you again, man. I hope to talk to you soon. And thanks again for joining us today. Thank you. Hey. From The Suite Life of Zack & Cody in The Suite Life on Drake Bell. Here is your girl Camille costaq room again, and I'll see you nice again late Howard from the Los Angeles Lakers. It is a single wild transport. Well Jeff Fort while it's at sports chessboards if wild chest sports watch out for these wild transports man. Check it out.