Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli.Anything related to the death or something that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of who would like to share things. We're going to we published an open Zoom link. Anybody can join with us. The timing will be on March 8th God willing at 10 a.m. Eastern standard time five PM Israel time and we just really hope that this is the first of many virtual streets iums. That will be sharing together as we go through this next step field. Yomi cycle. It's really very exciting. Yeah anything you've anything you've thought of whether learning with us or learning on your On you know anything throughout moussaka profit and the one thing I would add is if you have fallen behind at any point throughout the semester covid or if you've been learning intermittently and you'd like to catch up, you know now is the time to do it now, there's still a little bit of time and and you can presumably make your way through it. Once we embarked on myself at Shabbat next Sunday. Like I don't remove your crab. It's kind of amazing about this is like the ship that's going to have to happen like I really been enjoying bracco's but like the ship that it's going to be now to getting to shabbat and like a whole different set of problems terminology discussions. That will be very very different than what we saw in Brooklyn. Oh, yes. Okay. So the fact is this Duff also had some kind of unfamiliar material and I will say straight up that I was is that that I was intimidated by I'm an olive but I felt that to talk about it intelligently meaning to share with all of you my friends. I'm an elf. I would really need to delve much more into the cosmology and astronomy that's going on the even if the what the what's the dollar saying is different from what we know today and astronomy, I would want to be able to talk about it, you know to be able to assess it and compare it and so on so I'm jumping right time a bit meaning learn through on the dolloff, you know, I recommend that but I recognize that there's enough dealing with the celestial bodies that I did not feel comfortable to To address it more directly with with our co-learners instead. Let's look at this the top vent from the very top of I'm a bit tied a ribbon on heroic some abdul-fattah Lavina burrata. The Coq Au Vin Diesel Tom whom has a lot because he'd ran. So the fact is this is the natural world, right? And it is that one who sees the son commands right heat, but it means sun right the Sun at in the beginning of its cycle the moon in its strength. The stars in their path or orbits, right? Because I look is he driving the what are they called the constellations? Thank you place ins as they're supposed to be in the sky right meeting. There was great. There's a great deal of knowledge of astronomy, you know in the ancient world even if what we can do now with Hubble telescopes and everything is so much more but they were plenty aware of the constellations in the sky. So you see all of that on there, but real And then brought the implication is that - I know Kendall column or set bracelet author of creation. The one who has made great sheet, right the creation itself and the the issue. Is that like when is it that you see the commodity code file between fatah and you see from the beginning of the cycle the entirety of it is about twenty eight year cycle and we know that from the psyche, we probably not most commonly from how the leap years play out right? When do you how often do you have a Other Olive added into the year Well, it begins again every 28 years but a Mojave the bar goes on to ask him. When is when is this? When does this happen? I'm a rabbi call Extreme the time the Shannon and I make by says every 28 years but had our muscles or the cycle returns then A flat B flat Nissin and it begins in Nissan. I'm sorry. I said they see me son to fight the sun Bishop time. But or te the tell the clot and haggai arba, so what happens it does it falls on when Saturn right? That's a shabtai is Saturn. And and this is what they call Saturn in modern Hebrew as well. Right if you're learning about space in you know, I don't know in school or anything like that shopped. I mean Saturn when Saturn is on the night of the 3rd and the 4th evening of the day of the week now again, I'm not enough of an astronomer to know. What I'm looking for in the sky, let's say but there's a very clear demarcation of win this date comes back around and the idea is that the the premises that the world the entirety of the world has been following through this cycle every 28 years since the beginning of creation. So the idea is that when you when you're at the beginning point and you recognize it and you experience and you say said receipt right that US unless a bracelet, that's a that's The breadth of that we make on lightning and is more common, right but the assembly sheet if you if you are really aware of it and and I'm not even sure when we if we can pinpoint when it is I have some astronomer friends. I bet they know it, you know when we get to do this, but it's not it's not a common bracha. I like the idea that we get to take a step back and say lo and behold here is the entirety of our creation, you know ready to go again, there's got to be another cycle of it and there's something Very mathematically pure about the fact that it kind of returns within the cycle of Nature and we pause and say look there. That's the world that God gave us. Okay, and I just want to the camera goes on it's talking about, you know, these events these natural occurrences where you would make a breath upon your experience of something that happens in nature. If you don't marry her, oh a I am somebody who sees the sea but it's usually the meaning I got my good ol meaning the Mediterranean. The practicum so you would also make this bracha at Karma. I'm around me bar album reviews. Click each low chignon. Meaning you make this brother who has made the great sea, but you'd only say it every 30 days if you're in and out around the sea, then you're not going to make a broccoli everyday lobs you but we have the same principle about you know, how often we consider be at the old city being in the at the kotel when I have you been there enough frequently enough. You are not considered a new mourner right to approach The Old City walls and if you see the old city walls and or you see the kotel within 30 days, right the 30 days is the amount of time that we say that is familiarity. And if you have less time than that, I mean it within that 30 days you're fine more time than that if you see if you see the the sea or in Well the kotel less than every 30 days then you you are a newcomer to it. So in the case of the reality home and you would make a brother in the case of the kotel your some people say You're supposed to tear Korea. It gets a little complicated and modernity what we do but this it becomes a the measurement of time a familiarity where there's no newness. It's not considered new until more than 30 days have passed. So that's an interesting. Concepts right the idea that we make blessings over certain intervals and right that's essentially what this idea is with the constellations and the sun, you know recognizing certain intervals of time and that there's blessing on that and I guess observing your world in that way whether it's observing the natural world and its intervals of time or even the interval of time. We have one we see a friend or approach the old city for the first time. And you know, it's a little bit different in those those latter two cases because that's more just about a familiarity right that you described nicely. But the idea of just you know, your blessing over intervals of time I think is what the unifying theme is here is something I hadn't it's a difference in one that I hadn't thought of yet about these prophets. And the one other thing I would add is that I mean, I do think that the the tech from that from the very start Letter of the law. We say if you haven't seen somebody within 30 days you also so you're supposed to make a breath. Ah, right that you should have ya know me. I am a team if it hasn't been even, you know, a year whatever we saw these buffaloes earlier on the massage heads and the fact is we in our era are very reluctant to make bracket, too often, right? There's a question of Suffolk breakfast mahakal, if you're not sure you don't make the breath. Uh, you don't say shit has Jam what if you sing it taking God's name in vain, but also our Concept of what does it mean to see somebody? I mean your data I talk to you every day, but I have not seen you now in more than 30 days, right? So we may believe that you may not see them again. It's just the world is totally that interval of time has certainly changed and and I'll erase and I would add one more thing and what I was struck by at the top of that job is how little I understood about the interval of time as it goes as it relates to the moon the sun of the constellations like we live so endorse today and our and in a way like cut off from you know, the natural world and some of that has to be due to the technology and the Revolution that we don't have to we're not dependent on it in the same way, but it also made me sad that it means we don't understand it in the same way. So they had such a deep understanding of the world around them cuz I'll because that was the only way you related to the world and we they told time by the fact that it's not just about living in the city. Like I also you know, yes, it may be possible somebody who lives more, you know in a rural area may have more understanding but we just don't keep time in these ways. Anymore, we just don't relate to them and you know how wonderful it would be to understand the world in that way that these blessings would mean something and I think that even on the continuing of that a mode where it talks about earthquakes and lightning and thunder. So those are things I think we still relate to you know, like that's a piece of the natural world. We still do relate to but the time ones are ones that we don't anymore, but I'll tell you something. I think also they catch us more unawares right there. Seismologists who know exactly I mean very close to exactly when we can expect there to be earthquakes and still they don't really know right but I think that you know, when people were living much more in nature and the patterns of animals would be disrupted right the migration patterns and things and they say, oh there's a big storm coming right things like that. Like we don't know Friday in Israel. Jerusalem was a beautiful day and then it's about this week was Raining and hailing and thundering and I was like wait, where did that come from? Now? I could have paid attention to the weather report, but I did not have the sense from my experience of the actual like the atmosphere. I did not realize that it was the shift was going to happen yet again, right? So I do think that if I were living in a in a, you know, not in an apartment building more in the Hut, you know, whatever where I spent more time outside of paying attention to the Natural patterns of migration and so on. I didn't think that we'd be more aware of things. He's even like when the when the ground is going to rumble and when the Thunder is going to be particularly bad, you know, maybe I'm giving maybe I'm giving the natural world too much credit for how much I can speak to us, but I don't know. I think that I think we're very oblivious to it in ways that are I think it's a shame. Yeah, so I'm going to take a different perspective on that and there were two things that I would bet that I wanted to talk about. And the first one is a little related to that. I was struck by this idea that it starts again with how row a right and it was talking. When you see the the Euphrates river right Pratt in Bevelle, you're supposed to make the broth of oh separation and then it goes on to say that where you if you're at the area of the river where the Persians re-routed it. Like they actually change the course of the river. Then you're actually not allowed to say that blessing anymore because you're not actually observing what it is that God. Did you're looking at something that's man-made as opposed to something that God actually I created that got actually created in this world and I just thought that was such an interesting observation. And even when I when I Was preparing a reading for this and one of the things I learned is that for example, if you're at the Suez Canal even though that water is like technically from the Mediterranean you wouldn't make the bracha on seeing the Yamaha go there because it's not the actual see it's man-made right? It's a man-made thing. And so this also was sort of This kind of goes like in the opposite direction, which is I don't know part of me could say like if you saw something that man created right? We saw this barcode that you said, I think it was on the previous stuff. Like if you see Atomic alpha or you see a non-jew who's a genius right? There's a brothel you make over that because we respect that God we understand there's a blessing to be made that God has given humans tremendous intellectual power. I could make an argument that maybe if you saw saw a tremendous feat of building or the way that you could actually like change something in the natural world write that maybe you would make a blessing on it because it's a reflection of the power of the human intellect and it's almost here like this Kumar's saying like no like if we change the natural world if we change what God created we don't get to say oh separation and I'm not sure if that's if it's more just like a matter of fact or if there's like a slight criticism Something like that, like maybe that's not our right as humans to actually change, you know some fundamentals of the world around us. I think I think there's something that says you're no longer allowed to to talk about it as giving credit to God because you've come and made the change what I find interesting is that there isn't a brava that says like and now human Ingenuity has, you know developed the Suez Canal or whatever right electricity, you know all kinds of things that we have harnessed and I think that part of the concern there and I think it's I mean, I'm not saying making this up I'm inferring this from a whole bunch of things, right? That I feel like there's a concern that we human beings make profit to recognize God above us and if we are paying too much attention to our Ingenuity and what we're able to bring to, you know our partnership with God in creation and we focus too much on ourselves. Then we're doing the opposite of what Brooklyn are really designed to do which is to increase our awareness of God in the world and we end up just like, you know, patting ourselves on the back now we have to we don't deserve it. But not with a right a great no, no. No, I think that's for sure why it is that I think we can't bless our are sort of intellectual Feats or or what we create because that's exactly not what the points of abraha is. The point is to recognize what God says that God does is great. The last piece. I just wanted to mention is once again we have in this staff the broccoli I've had so vomiting trade who's good at shows up everywhere and it's interesting to me this Gruff. I was just thinking about it. So In the context of here that you if you know, there's rain and certain circumstances you would say had told that mated it even gives a case of if you hear that your father dies right as person hears that their father died. So they would say Brooke Diane had met then they would say I told them I'd see because they're they're going to have inherited something so there is a blessing in that as well. But it's this is like not a straightforward bra. It's I think it's one of the few Brock load that can apply. I too many many different situations and that's what's interesting to me about this process. Where's the other breath code have sort of real clear demarcations. It's a food. Brahe. It's a it's a brothel on the natural world. It's a Brooklyn in particular set of circumstances. We see had Tove I'm 80. It can be unwind it can be on hearing good news. It can be I'm hearing rain like it falls in all different categories and And I like that it's a catch-all for something good right that we've been talking about recasting dreams as good. We're talking about recognizing God's hand in the world in our experience of the world in Brotherhood in general. I told my Matey's is like very much gratitude. Right? Right. Like we're a recognition of this is gonna be even better. Right? So I think the way that like shackles like the generic for food so had tovah made seems like the generic for experience. It's Human Experience. That is good and just requires a blessing that's like the cat Noir. It's just there are multiple and that's why we see it can be over drinking good wine. It can be over experiencing when train which is the natural world. It can be following a death right that you would say. Hi Toby M80 because you recognize there may be something good. You know, there may be something there a blessing in this experience as well. So I just I'm intrigued by this bracha. I would love to spend more time on it. You know just sort of wanted to note that we sort of see how tovah made T appear again on this page and just it's this catch-all broccoli. It just appears in all different parts of our life and in all different situations in life and yet again, I feel like people don't actually make it that often the times that I've seen it made you know, and and this is where I learned about initially, you know many years ago is when let's say you make Kiddush on grape juice and there's no wine on the table or on a on a Malaga concord grape kind of wine and then accompanying dinner somebody brings out a fancy wine, but it wasn't on the table at the beginning of the meal. So you say I told my main team because you've already made the bori prayer Goffin and now you're like, oh there that's even better right? But but I think people make an effort to make sure let's say that all the potential for a paragraph and beverages are already going to be on the table so that your initial Kiddush will cover them all and then you're out you don't get to make your hat over matey because It was included in your hug off and like people had in mind that would be part of the meal, you know, so on the one hand. Yes, like it's such a great catch all brahe and somehow we kind of avoided I think maybe because we're trying to avoid extra Brock Holt potentially unnecessary Brooklyn in jail. Yeah. So this is my tension now about myself a Brotherhood and I guess we'll end with this thought is on the one hand. This must have to gave me such an appreciation for the beauty depth and range of Brotherhood and yet I feel like I don't say behold all that often like, you know, I say it when I eat on the occasional natural wonder that I see but when you read the pages of our Haute, it seems like there's so many situations where you should be making a bracha and like you said, I'm not sure that we do that the only time I've said I tovah made soup is one a good bottle of wine is come out and I'm not even such a Winder exactly. So I there's something I would have to think about this. It's like a thought that just popped into my head is weird. Here together, but this this you know again this myself had made me appreciate the world around me in a very different way and to always look for the blessing and where you can sort of take an opportunity to bless God and appreciate the world that we're in or situations were in or the food in front of us. But yet I feel I don't give those Breslau the range that they have in this moussaka. I hear that. Hey, we're not done yet. We've got it the rest of the week. So rank us review us wherever you find your podcast and what else you're ready to join. And please please if you have ideas of what you'd like to say be in touch with us directly. Thank you, too. Michelle Farber for hosting us on the Honda on-site talk to us on our Facebook page. Join our web subgroup and until tomorrow go and learn.