And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on over to Spotify and follow our who have you heard playlist with it just gets weirder and it is her awesome. And I know that it will bless you. So hey Michael, let's just jump right in this morning. You went to it was the first segment, okay. The first segment of today in music history what a surprise just because I'm single do this every time but just because I found this it just read comically today in music history bun today music history Tom, March the 2nd 1975 policeman stopped the Lincoln Continental for running a red light in Los Angeles. Oh, by the way, this is coming coming to you from the good Folks at this day and music.com 1975 Paul McCartney stopped for running a red light and Lincoln Continental when the cop detected a smell of marijuana searched the car found eight ounces of the drug. Linda was arrested. Sorry Linda. I don't know why this trick me so funny. It's avocado McCartney was stopped. He was behind the wheel. Linda was arrested seems unfair Linda. Sorry anyway, and that could happen to you too. If you keep on kids your music dream King stay off drugs. Kids stuff drugs. All right so know maybe we won't repeat this segment, but I just thought that was funny. It's hilarious that this morning. Thanks for teaching us. Yeah, that's great. Fantastic real real segments here next segment. It's time for one of our favorites and I think one of our listeners favorites as well. It's time to go to ooh have you heard so Michael once you start ass again, that's a good week. Give us your hand. Oh, I would love to ooh, ooh, have you heard the Wood Brothers know where are you in for a treat bring it? So I'm fairly new to the Wood Brothers myself. They have number of albums out. But this most recent one really caught my attention Wood Brothers for some of you out there. You might remember a little jazz fusion is Trio called madejski Martin and would well the wood in that equation. Chris Wood has a brother named Oliver and alongside all the other stuff. If that they both do I think Oliver was the lead singer. It has been a lead singer in another band they decided I guess maybe it's time they made music together and boy, is it really good the Wood Brothers my favorite track off of their new album. The new album, I believe is called Kingdom in your mind. The very top track just makes me smile. It's called Alabaster. It just it's just got all kinds of Swampy wonderful Organics witness eat gritty growly voice. And of course the stunning base. A chops of Chris would just pretty cool stuff. So yeah, this is a trick called Alabaster. She won't be going back. Your head bobbing, huh? You like it. I love it. I did good. I think it won't be is the best descriptive word for that. You could totally totally smell Louisiana. Well, I actually I missed out on seeing them here in Nashville last week. I went to Grammys which is Record Store it down the street and to buy the vinyl actually the Wood Brothers vinyl and as I was buying the vinyl that was like a it was Friday and they're like, oh when you buy the vinyl you get a bracelet to come see them Monday. In Grammys, they actually played a show in Grammys, but I had to fly out of town Monday night. So I missed it. So I gave it may be different. So I think you'll enjoy the whole album. If you're into that whole life bobbing your head swampy think so Wood Brothers. Yeah, I'm gonna listen to them for sure. All right what you got for us? Okay mine for all our listeners who have listened the past three episodes. No chanting is a singer-songwriter fan. So we're going to stay right in that vein. Oh God, who have you heard his Def Leppard? You're kidding, right? Not at all. Oh gosh, definitely specifically more because this podcast is geared towards songwriting and songwriters. Okay Def Leppard has better sell me fast. I'm sorry fast. Have you ever wanted to feel like you are flying bare-chested over the Grand Canyon with American flag wings when a bald eagle flies by Lieutenant no I haven't but okay. Well you're going to on the song Armageddon it this is such my this is me. Okay. These are my heart song. Okay now I'm just kidding. But seriously, I wanted to highlight our mugak. It makes me laugh just like yeah, I'm getting it because of the key change in the chorus of that song. Okay. So for all of our song writers out there, I want to encourage you break the Rules because sometimes you might just come up with something. That is awesome. Like Armageddon. The song is in E and the chorus cold changes to see so check this out. I know it. Well you remember I graduated in 95. There is a reason y'all call me. The grizzled old Tech Trends actually got a Def Leppard tattoo. I hears that song in case you happen to have never heard it and for Here We Go. Are you flying over that blind over the Tennessee Valley? I'm not sure during Canyon but it's so Majestic that is just legit. I mean so we get Def Leppard and Armageddon it just so you can encourage everybody to break some rules look kid. I want to ride a worship song that has that bad that big of a key change in it. That's amazing. Oh your congregation off for sure. Well, the one thing for sure is half of this audience has definitely heard that song about 10,000 times, and the other half has never even heard of Def Leppard's you're welcome 20s and unders. Thank you young pup. Thank you. All right, Michael, that's that that's truly one of the most weird segments of who had heard, right? Yeah. I like it. I like fantastic. Well done. Here's your next segment are another fan favorite. I'm just going to say that before every sex fantasy being favorite. It's this week's burning question. All right. So every week we ask Michael question sometimes will take from some of the comments. So be sure if you're following us on Instagram or Facebook. Drop us your burning questions. And you might just make it on the Michael and Channing show. Yeah, and this week in particular. We are actually going to take a question from Travis and Diana. Thanks for listening. Ask the question Michael bring it. What is it? What do we got? How do you how do you know that your song has the potential to be a number one hit? Okay. Okay. How do you know your song has the potential to be a number one hit? Well, hopefully all of Have the potential to be a number one hit potentially like, you know, we all show up every you know the days we write we show up and we hope we give it our best and we hope that best warrants it having a lot of noise around it. However, and this is not a backhanded slap or anything like that. I'm not mean absolutely zero disrespect. That's a tough question in that it might be a secondary question by that. I mean as songwriters we try our best to write songs that are going to affect people right meaning like we put all of our energy and resources into crafting something that's going to move someone deeply that's going to give them help or save a life or the a story that they're going to enjoy but somehow it has an effect on a person and at the end of the day that's that's the ultimate you like reward for what we do. So something becoming a number one is an after effect, right? So if you I will just say if you start off with having a number one being Your main goal. You're going to be you're just going to miss the mark it just and it just doesn't work that way in any genre, you know, you can get very spiritual with it. We you know, we're ship leaders and we can contend to get spiritual with things. There is always a spiritual element to it. But in any genre whether that's worship or country or pop or anything else we should be crafting something that we know we have a need for there's a need for it. Generally that need is attached to people like affecting people and then after that the rewards of may be broadly being heard come and so again, not a backhanded slap at anybody it just it can be frustrating if you set down every day and your main goal is I'm going to write a number one song that seems to me like it could drive just about anybody crazy. I think your best your best posture in any genre when you sit down to chase the song is simply saying Can I write a song today that's going to deeply affect somebody some way meaning if it's a big pop song does can I write a song so good that they can't help but get up and dance in their office at work. Right? If it's a country song. Can I ride a song that talks about trucks and dogs differently than any other country song that move somebody deeply if it's worship stuff. What is my church need to be singing But it be a number one is a very secondary thought right. So maybe this is our Public Service Announcement, you know more to help you. Take the pressure off. Don't try to write number ones try to write a song that you know, somebody's going to absolutely need. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, that makes sense. Absolutely. Well and I think you can give some what about in your songwriting Michael two of you you've had some I know that we've talked about that you you just were faithful to write it and didn't have any intention. I mean to see you or you didn't even imagine where it ended up at the end of you Okay. This is a true story case a case in point and if it sounds name-dropping, I'm sorry. I'm not trying to be named droppy. But like obviously the biggest song I've had in the last little bit has been Lauren Daigle, you know with trust in you. Well, anybody involved in that scenario could tell you this much they could tell you that the song that I was absolutely sure was the big song was come alive Dry Bones like that was the song because it moved me so deeply and I was Sure, it was the song that was going to be you know, a big big single for her right trust in you is not ever like a thing in my head of like, oh that's gonna be a big number one. I wrote we wrote that song based out of Lauren walking in one day and having lost her grandfather and struggling with all the prayers that were prayed that God would heal him and he ended up passing away and so will trust you anyway, and it was a good moment in a good song and yet I didn't see that coming. I thought sure though the other you know, Dry Bones would be the big one. So There's no if I settled let's not be wrong here. Okay, it's still a pretty big song like it's fine. But it's like it's like if you said around in a room all day trying to write a number one or trying to do the math on whether you've written one number one or not. You're going to lose your mind. So I all I all we have to do our job is to show up and just try to serve well with Melody and lyrics so it's really again, there's there's no backhanded slapping that I just it's a good question. Oh, I hope this helped. I think it fits well with a with where we got to sit down earlier this week with some of the best Publishers. Oh, did we Nashville? Yeah, and and that's a great question that goes along with or maybe what we heard earlier this week my even reinforce a little bit to that question in a while. Maybe the why yeah, why we write good segue jail, man. I'm getting good Colts mirsky. He is the head of he's the head of curb country publishing Trevor. Theisen Jonathan Mason were kind enough. They are over CCM and worship and they were kind enough to sit down with us and just dive into the big fracas. That is called publishing its get word to fracking I see so probably I would I would just gonna go out on a limb and say you've probably had some of your own burning questions regarding publishing. Well, we just thought we'd ask a publisher. So I think you're going to get some get some answers to your questions. Okay, so we'll Dive Right. In at the top here Cheney that I'm still in my head still reeling a little bit from your who have you heard but onward to the interview with I hope you enjoy this one all things publishing with the Legends at the curb publishing Bastion across the street. All right, let's get to it. Guys, thank you for hanging out with us today. I really I know y'all are I mean I'm across the street from the building y'all are in and I know firsthand how busy you all are and even today y'all had to run from meetings and everything else. I do think though this point your I would like to thank y'all are just happy to be hiding now in my room across the street. Yeah, it's Friday, so What's the Publishers deeper Secrets? We're not going to go there. We're going to keep this friendly to y'all give give a job security. So our audience really is like it's a pretty wide array of writer types and of all different kinds of levels in this. So we're going to do our best to try to get through. Questions that help I mean from the very basic questions to the total got a little cocky. I got a little more complex really think I'll be intrigued but overall this whole podcast was just to be an episode of helping kind of unravel some of the mystery for that Indie songwriter out there in Montana. That's actually riding. Some good stuff has no idea what to do or what publishing even a supposed to do, you know, and so that's kind of where we'll kind of head with all this state but you always backgrounds. I mean combined between all of y'all. Is a lot of years of experience in publishing so Trevor. How long have you been in the world of publishing world of publishing? Probably about 10 11 years. We had a good decade got a good decade business since the mid-90s. Okay, so the overarching publishing for 10 of that Jonathan I've been dabbling for about eight or so five years with the company hear. You've been an artist. You've been gummy your artist songwriter and all the other things and not a little of everything. So that publishing now you're eight years in from independent sides of the professional side was like it. Officially getting paid to do it for a really important operative scenario there 15 years. That's awesome. Been with curb for 15 years. Now, that's amazing. So I love all I love his will that we have a variety of kind of overview because cold you work predominantly in country World, correct? And then you guys are in CCM worship. And I think y'all have an overreach of everything as well. So it'll be fun to kind of so you've got 30 years Collective. Did insight and wisdom coming at you listeners. Hope you're happy. This is a great we told you how we're going to deliver. That sounds real more experience than I've been alive for sure, which is great. Thanks. So we'll Dive In Like I said the listeners from the newest Riders to someone that actually we've actually had some listeners that actually are Pros as well. So they might even learn something as well though. So Channing like what was the question as they all came through when you want to start in all this? This I think the first first thing is just want you I'll give us an overview of what it means to be publisher. Like what's your job and what's it look like just a good definition of what do you do on a day and basis every day? I would say we're kind of like glorified managers for songwriters, you know artists have their managers that manage their day-to-day careers and is Publishers we do the same thing for songwriters, whether it's booking their Co rides managing their calendar, Is pitching their songs making sure they have all their stuff turn into meet their contractual obligations. Sometimes you help book with travel some random expenses. Maybe you take him out for some drinks or something, you know, yeah specifically in the countryside as if I'm sorry. We were not exclusively on the countryside. That's funny that kind of what it all looks like. Yeah, you're effectively a champion for them. So it's just like somebody who believes in what you're doing as a writer and taking what Do and then trying to amplify it and just kind of reach new areas with it. Let's get audiences. I saw as a writer like I think probably I told chanting this earlier there's with all the conference's we host and all the things were part of and I think there's just such a real misconception of what publishing is for most Riders and there's a lot of unhealthy expectation when it comes to publishing. Because if we've if up at least for me the question I get more than anything is how do I get a publishing deal one? Most people don't really have a concept of what a publishing but what you were just describing actually is what it should be and one we don't know what it is and to our expectation is if we can just get signed to a publisher then all of our dreams will come true and I always like to I like to help bring some reality to every class or because conference I ever speak at I do write a lot of songs. If they are at a hundred songs a year, I'm might get 30 or 40 cut and that's a high number be that I'm a producer as well. So that skews my numbers. So I like to tell people have a sixty percent failure rate. And so there's there's a bit of this idea of like if I can just get a publisher then I want dreams come true musically, I'm gonna get songs cut left and right and that's just not how that looks. So maybe y'all kind of speak into the I mean, I think probably at every level y'all have to help adjust and manage expectations on behalf of writers, but But like another pretty deep one to dive into but just I know even for my own so to be real transparent because this podcast we're going always keep it pretty real and transparent even even me coming in to curb. I'm historically a cesium worship Rider. I do love the church very much and yet I'm a redneck from Texas who loves it right country music so might be sitting down with you Cole even it was like me trying to posture myself to say look, bro. You don't have to you know, I have to like skirt me here. I would don't have any Healthy expectations. I know I want to write country. You're the guy that has the door to that in a lot of ways, but I hope my expectations are healthy and I'm going to assume that you'll have to run up against that kind of stuff fairly often. Yeah. I just hope they're healthy too. Yeah, how do you how do you manage their expectations like to say like, you know, I tell I tell us a lot of artists who are trying to break into the business like, you know for artists their goal is to get that record deal and when you get Get that record deal finally after years and years of trying to do it. It's like okay. Now this is where it starts. This is this is a step one. And so you're trying to get to step 2030 hundred and I mean how far how big do you want your career to be so publishing deals the same way. It's like okay you work in your whole life. You're honing your craft trying to write those great songs and be musician and so once you signed a publishing deal say, okay now this is where this is where the game really starts. It's like now you got us Network through the community that you're in you got to build a relationships with not only other songwriters but other Publishers producers managers artists booking agents, I mean you name it, I mean there's so many people out there who can be avenues for you to get your songs to get Cuts. So it just getting a publishing deal isn't going to solve all your woes. I mean now you might get the monthly Advance which helps sustain your career to be Be creative hundred percent of the time so you're not having to bag groceries at Kroger, you know be a janitor Church some wearing it on Sunday night or something. But uh, yeah, it's just and then you got to hustle and you got to be present in the room. You got to bring your A game every day in the car ride and not just rely on your co-writers or just expect you know that you're writing a song with an artist that hey just because I wrote the song with this artist and they say they love it means are going to cut it and then they cut it. Is it going to make the album and it makes album is it going to be a single and the single is it even going to do anything on the Birds you know our listeners are not going well. Wait, wait. Wait, that's a lot of steps to get us on Cut is a it's a lot. It's a lot and I think to some of us just keeping the main thing the main thing we've been amazing and I've been to conferences where we'll talk to up-and-coming writers and they're like, okay. So how how do I make money music and I'm just like, oh y'all need to learn how to write a song first. Yeah, you know and then it's really like you said honing the craft like First of all, when you're not signed you are your publishing company, so you own a hundred percent of your publishing. So this this idea of what is publishing its that intellectual property the of the song The the copyrightable material of the song and when you're not signed you own a hundred percent of that and before you get signed you really need to lay that groundwork whether it's networking riding with other people and become as good as you possibly can because You know that if you come out of the gate just thinking how can I make money out of this? You're putting the cart before the horse and and it good and it just your I just lay how did the questions you need to be asking our how do I write a better hook or how do I you know and and learning keeping that open perception of get in a room with somebody and you're leaning from other people and you're learning and the concept of co-writing is huge a lot of times we talk to people and will ask. So, do you co-write it all and they're like No, not really. Like well, that's that's number one gotta start co-writing and that's a tough thing learning how to work with other people and a lot of times people will protect their songs their stake. There's so they treat them so close to the to the best. I don't want to release anything and and and you've got to be able to bring something to the table and be open-handed about it. And because the song comes out of that can be better and running with other people. I tell people all the time I get my butt kicked every week. I've been writing songs for 25 years and every week I get my butt kicked by somebody better and I walk away going. Okay, I learned that was awesome. I think one of the questions I want to make sure if we can call out who asked the question but one of the questions was what do you look for in a writer? And I knew Rider that what so Jonathan Speak to that. What do you look for like what got your attention? Like what made you go crowd? That's awesome. And so You looking for sure. Yeah. Well again, I'm specifically coming from more of the Christian songwriting. But what I look for it stems out of really what I think of the whole publishing world and let me back up a little bit and say when I walk into what publishing is, I think back to my family. They're like a family of business owners where they have machine shops and there's actually a product that's being sold. And so when I think of publishing I think of songs obviously and the songs the The product and how do we in order to sell something for like song salesman kind of we have to have something of value and so for somebody looking for a publishing deal. I'm going to look at somebody that's actually bringing something of value to the table. If they have something that's commercially viable in this current climate of Music, especially the Christian side you specifically you bring several things to the table where you have your starting to dabble into the country World. You've got some Country Cuts already. So you're sitting in multiple genres of music. You also our producer which brings a lot of value to the table as a songwriter it I personally have a tough time working with somebody currently if they're just unless they're very very very established if they're just coming the table with one Talent. So it's interesting. Yeah, so you can we use them as an example all the time to sustain yourself. If I'm hearing this correctly in the to sustain yourself. If you're very narrow in your and your diversification, I guess you would have to be somebody like a Tony would yes, it was just like He's like the best of the best lyrics is like Tony or Jessie Reeves. Like they would say we're Lyricist. Well, they mean that and they've proven it. So that's what you're saying want to be the guy to be pretty Diversified bring value on multiple levels or just being ridiculously Savant and one particular thing because I know there's a Melody people in this town. They're just like we can just get them to sing a melody on that. I'm that's what I'm gathering from that wow. Yeah, and when you're talking about lyrics Like lyrics can work in any genre so and Tony is just like, right Country and yeah pop. So even though he is definitely a lyric guy he's able to take that skill and apply it to several different Avenues which gives multiple Avenues of value. Yeah, that's good. Does it look any different on the countryside called? It's pretty similar whenever I meet with someone. It's The thing that really resonates with me, so maybe someone does something that I don't currently have on my roster. Maybe this person is a great producer or this person is just an amazing natural Lyricist may but they could be the whole package maybe their producer Lyricist and a great Melody musician person. So when you meet with somebody you can just kind of tell their natural tendencies of how they approach songwriting and how greatest songs they write, you know, they'll play You songs they've written before and you just kind of see like wow this There's a lot of potential whether it's when I say that I'm kind of thinking of a brand new Rider someone who maybe who's never had a publishing deal before but then there are people you have publishing deals and their contracts run out and they find a home. So maybe I've heard this person's seeing it on demos or playing on demos of they've written with my other writers. I'm like, wow, you know that person's great Rider. I'd love to have that person on my on my roster one day and then they'll send their deal comes up in like hey, this is my opportunity, you know, John it can move for that person and I can't stress enough when you think of the song Factory aspect of It there's a certain holes that we might have on our team, you know, you can't Overlook the relational side to it that somebody fits into the family so to speak and what we really what we need might be totally different from one another publisher in town needs. So just just if you get a no from somebody if somebody's looking for a publishing deal just because one company says no, it doesn't mean that they're not good. It just means that it's not right for them at the time and my singing and that's great inside where it's great. There's say cultures real big us to I mean, we don't we're not going to just going to And somebody even though they were going to mazing song and I mean if you just jerked and know you do have to fit in with the team and and there is you have to be a self-starter. You have to be self-motivated like what at least what I'm looking for like you have to treat songwriting like a job and pretty much without exception. All of our Riders do that. They all show up everyday ready-to-go whether they're inspired or not to write songs and you have you have to have that mentality. You can't just be waiting for You know the bolt of lightning those are great. Those songs are great when those happen right themselves in 20 minutes, but that's not normal. That's not an everyday occurrence. I'm going to go back to this whole idea of one of you said just now you are your own publisher. I think was you Trav you said if you don't have a publisher you are the publisher and so I've actually told people along the way I think that there and this may sound a little over spiritual but I think if you actually start acting like a publisher then that's going to draw in, you know a publisher meaning this If you're setting in Idaho, and I don't know why I use Idaho for it. And I just boys these two things be the city. I use for people who seem to be all the an outlier I guess. So if you're steady, yeah, if you're sitting in your setting in Boise and your writing is a pretty decent songs and you're waiting around for a publisher to come and make your dreams come true. We've already established that that's not necessarily going to work. You are the publisher like like legally technically you own your own part of the publishing who I mean maybe we should have started at what actually makes a copyright as well. You know, it's like there. Is a there's a few pennies attached to every song you ride under this copyright? Right? And if you had a publisher you would get to keep a few of those sense as the rider they would get to keep a few of those senses the publisher. Will you don't have a publisher you are your publisher? So you're setting in Boise. You're writing some good songs of whatever genre there also. So just pick a genre say you're a country writer and you think you're writing some pretty good stuff, but you don't have a publisher. Well, it seems to me that you need to step into the role of being your publisher or what does that look like? Well do exactly what the Wishes on Music Row. Do they go try to find an artist for this? So I'm pretty sure you got some bars in Boise, right? That that's got some cover bands that were probably like a break from a cover song like some tangible things you could do as an indie songwriter the all of a sudden start acting like an indie publisher, who knows what a bar band picks up one of your songs puts it in a set and the bars in your county and the bars in the next County over by six months later all requesting that song. I guarantee you coal at curbs going. I hear about it at some point and so there is this may be a bit of a high five go get them encouragement from all of us around the table to a bunch of writers out there to go. Yes write great songs, but if you're this whole thing about publishing there are some things you could probably do to start pitching songs to start finding avenues for your songs. Some of you have an uncle in the movie business somewhere. Well, you know, they put songs in movies like Publishers. That's what y'all's job is you're always looking for opportunities to exploit songs. You can do that independently. To right so I don't know. I think that that might throw a wrench in. Okay, just a little bit you want to say right here is the question was what do you look for in a writer? Right? What do you what do you not looking for? What's the like stop it the kind of thing, you know from because I know that you all deal with multiple, you know emails in and out every day of or what are things that you would just say to do the 26 year old. Or the I use that a lot of what's the what's the I'm not looking for this kind of question. It's going to throw out just I know for Trevor and I we've sat in some meetings and we'll change the names to protect the innocent. But literally when we sit in a meeting with a new writer and they start telling us how they wrote the whole song, but there's other people on it, but they didn't do anything and they just it's like this negativity side of it and this overconfidence are the best person in the world. That usually is a red flag for us. Yeah, there's something's not right. Even if they are the best writer in the world. It's not the best foot forward to be so cocky it's good like that. You got to be able to blend in those those co-writing rooms and if you're coming in and you're just steamrolling everybody and it's your idea or nothing. Those people aren't going to want to write with you again, and that that will get out and more and more people are going to hear about that and they're not going to want and you have this is a relationship built business most businesses are but the music especially songwriting especially and you have to be able to I call it just writing for the room you have to be able to get in there and held at those people and bring something and be humble about it. Yeah in this probably never happens on the Christian side on the countryside. Maybe the guys who go out and drink too much, you know, they're always showing up hungover for the co-writes how we will predict who will protect the innocent brother Remus. I'd like that can be an issue for some people, you know, some people just don't know how to control themselves and they are this get too caught up in the late-night scene, but then, you know, maybe some people are bad about always maybe not managing their personal schedule as well. So like obviously we have personalized me of our business lives, but if you're canceling all a bunch of cowards because Man, I forgot to go to the dentist sure. I got to do this with the family and not giving your publisher heads up ahead of time. So you can adjust the schedule accordingly. I gets annoying sometimes and writers are too needy. You know, they're always whining all you're not getting me enough Cuts. You know, why don't you get me enough cuts and it's like, you know, we could only do so much for you and it kind of on something like you were saying it's like I like to work as hard for my rider is they are working for themselves if I know my Riders out there busting their butt doing everything they can to be in the right rooms and The best songs like I want to I want to work just as hard for those guys, you know, but if I got someone who's just laying back all the time and just waiting for something to happen for him. I'm like come on buddy. You know, this is a teamwork. It's not like we're yes, we are in a sense working for you, but we should be working together. This is this is a team effort. Let's do this together. If you're just sitting around waiting for things to happen. It's like that doesn't motivate me to want to do anything for you. Well, that's good. What else you got rolling over their chinny? Hey, here's a good one for you, and I'm excited to hear your Or your answers on it. What makes a good publisher? What what makes a good publisher it as Publishers? What makes you give it two words Trevor Matheson, I mean Yeah, you've got you've got to be. You've got you've got to be somebody who believes in in your the writers that you have and they're going to like Cole said you're going to work hard for them and you're not just and this is something to look out for as a writer when you are looking for and when you get to the position where you're ready for publishing deal and maybe you have two or three different companies that are coming to you and they're like, hey, yeah. Well if you do this and that's you got to feel them out and be like, all right, are they actually going to do stuff for me that I can't do for myself if you as a rider have reached a position. Level in your career where you've kind of piqued kind of Hit the ceiling and you're not really able to get into certain rooms or with certain artists or get songs on a certain player list or whatever. Then that publisher that record label has to be able to do those things that is really hard for an individual to do so a publisher has to be able to take that and take it to the next level and like I said before amplify what you're already doing if they're not if they're just going to sit on your catalog take part of your publishing. And your song has become numbers in a catalog in a system somewhere. That's not unless unless you're just unless you're selling a catalog to an app and acquisition company who just likes to buy up catalogs. There's those are there are those kind of Publishers out there as well. But if you're a publisher who likes to work the catalog and Pitch songs and set up co-writing sessions, then you are actually trying to increase that writers influence and if they are not able to do that, whether they're too small or they don't have the right relationships or the people that are working there just don't have the Ready to do that and it's not a publisher you need to sign with. Yeah, that's good. I'll have another take I mean it added to that what makes a good publisher. I'll see I'll just say, you know good publisher man. You gotta love music. If you're if you don't love music, you're not in the right business with this this why we're all here. That's why we should be here. If you don't love music, you're just kind of spinning your wheels it and you don't have any motivation and also, you know drive you got to want you got to go out there and hustle you got to sell yourself songs. You got to motivate your writers you get Sometimes you got to be the therapist you got to get them through a hard day. Maybe they're going maybe they're having a bad day. They got a flat tire on the way in the office or maybe they're going through something more personal like a divorce, you know, it's just you got to be you got to be there for him. You gotta care about them. But you also got a want them to succeed and you got to want to succeed for yourself. So I think just the more you can focus on you know, the big prize and doing it the right way. I think I think that's what helps make people good Publishers. That's good. We I think we had a question I think is from Melanie Waldman. The is a friend of ours. I think she was the one who asked what is the day look like for you and it may be different for all three of you because y'all do have different nuances of what y'all do. I know Trevor you they make sure you help make sure that we are see money when a songs hopefully generate some part of that. Yeah. So like maybe just from the three of you quickly like what does your day look like because as a writer we set out going on what a publisher is doing today you nosy fishing or or is the wish yeah, what's great about publishing at least for me and all the years I've been doing is like not every day is the same. I mean some days you're going to be running into you when you walk into the office and a producer's asking you for earlier because they're in the studio and they want to record a song. So you're like as is a great day we're going to cut or it could just be a day full of meetings or a day of pitching songs through email or in person or could be like, hey, I'm going to breakfast meeting with this producer and I'm going on lunch meeting with this. Person and I'm going to afternoon hang with you know, this manager this artists, you know, it's just a constant day of networking and promoting your catalog every day is different kind of the same for you the rest of you. Yeah, I mean, there's definitely all that and then for me a lot of what I do too is the at admin clerical stuff. There's no Rider turns into song and hopefully all the assets to their audio lyrics date of creation Rider names splits all Kind of okay. Let's site right here just for a second as the Indie songwriters out there who don't turn in stuff. This is when you do turn something in make sure if you send something to a publisher send it in the way they prefer to receive it, which is what you're describing when you receive something from me. You make sure that I have what you're actually waiting to receive stuff for me as we speak which now I'm just in trouble in my own podcast crap. Okay. Hey, I swear I'll get those in next week, but when I do turn those You're going to open up an email and attached is going to be that usually an MP3 of a work tape as iPhone work tape or a demo. If you had to track guy in the room at the time that maybe just did a quick demo of it. So you got the audio. Hopefully a lyric whether it's a attached lyric sheet or in the body of the email the Riders names of who is involved and the song if they're not otherwise specified we all here in Nashville. We usually assume even split so if there's three people everybody gets 30 Three and a third for 25% and so on and date of creation is helpful to so the date you wrote it on that just helps us keep a log of that. And so then I will take that information and based on the administration in the ministry other company will compile that information and send it in. It's either mere entering it into our copyright system all the publishing information and write our names and then those systems usually will be able to shoot that song info out and get it registered. Harry Fox, so at the Sun the song can be licensed for artists to cut it or TV shows to play it and then also to the Performing rights organizations ASCAP BMI sesac so that if those songs are performed live those songs can be tracked in the publishing royalties can be brought in for the rider. I know you spent a lot of time in that world. Emma just say thank you. Yes. Thank you for Trevor because that's how we make our money if there are records are wrong then we don't get our money right good-looking. Trevor We Trust is our motto quick question as you're sitting there in that day that it has all kinds of things and looks different every day. You do have to listen to songs. How do you prefer to listen? Do you prefer the rough iPhone acoustic guitar thing, or do you want super polished demos or all of y'all bold enough to say what we can hear through anything? Like everybody always says, but talk to me about it. And I think it depends on the genre. Okay personally for me at least but and I think Totally different for church songs for Christian songs. That might be sung in the church. I personally love just guitar vocal. I'm not just saying that you're laughing about it. I'll meet you down. Okay, too because people don't believe me when I tell them that I think I was probably steal something you said in the past, but because when I listen I'm trying to hear the church sing and I don't need all the bells and whistles like because it you can have that Arena worship sound whatever and anybody can kind of make it they get suckered into it whether it's getting high but Yeah, so just get out of the way at the lyric and just keep it pretty simple. I love that. Okay Cole is a different country. You know it a little bit. Yeah, I mean for pitching purposes with I'm going to send a song to an artist of their producer record label those people tend to prefer the fully pulp whether it's just a track demo or a full-blown studio session demo. Those are the most well received. There are a very small handful of people in the industry who listen to the work tapes where there's the iPhone thing or maybe a clean guitar vocal but there I would say there's just not as many people as there used to be that can hear the bare-bones work tape demo guitar vocal you stand here and here and here the big, you know, Melodies and choruses and instrumentation behind the lyrics guy jumping little Colt so she because I think I think we'd actually be saying the same thing as a publisher I'm saying, I like to hear it with guitar vocal keep it simple but as a publisher Sure, as we're helping again to build a song. So to speak like try to build the value of a song and then we're going to sell the song it gives us an opportunity to go back to you as a writer producer and say hey this song is amazing. I can hear it for this person. Could we create the demo to go in this Direction versus if you just turn in a demo already going in a certain direction, it might be the total like we might not hear where it could go. But yeah, definitely for pitching I would very very very very rarely pitch a song. That's not Polished and sounds great. Yeah makes sense. Which kind of goes back to what a pug good publisher would bring to the table like burnt what Mason was talking about being able to think outside the box and be like, oh this song could really work for such and such and it may be something totally different than the writers even had in their head at the time whether you even like even if to mail song where you could hey, this could actually work great for a female or vice versa, you know? Yeah. I had I had one of our Riders play me a song and then like yeah, what about this hardest I'm like, you know, what if we get a female vocal on this we could pitch it to this hardest things. Like I never thought about that. That's perfect in the lyric and everything kind of went to and he's like man, thank you so much. We'll go back and get a female vocal on it and sometimes that's all it takes. Wow. That's why we keep Trevor with yeah again and Trevor We Trust hashtag. There's certain songs. I would say there's certain songs that one of yours. I remember it was you weren't even with curb where the time but I'll just say this on the JJ week's song. I pitched that that was a song that came in through a conference and Texas where the other right? I remember that. Yeah. So the other writer like played me the song it wasn't like a full-blown demo or whatever, but I heard it. I just I heard JJ on it and he randomly was coming by my house to grab something the next week and I played it for my garage off of like these really crummy speakers. So the way that he heard it wasn't it wasn't a great sounding demo, but he heard the power of the song and that was the beginning of I remember that that's glad you played that and that's just great hey we're gonna be a team player man you know I got to do what's right now you're back with us yeah well it's like yeah you weren't even my publisher that I've just had some great culture through the years like y'all I mean because most of the people who listen to us will know I was at an Integrity for six years and Mike Murray over there it's one of our one of our all of our closest friends and so I think you people I think you have people who were listening to this y'all would be surprised at the camaraderie across labels and publishing companies I mean these are the guys that have dinner and beverages together all the time so we can talk about Mike Murray right now and he's going to hear this and know we had or the man so love but Barry this so Mike has done that Mike would do the same if he hears a great song and he may not even have a piece of it he's on throw it I mean these guys really do support each other so for you guys listening out there I don't y'all shouldn't look at Nashville publishing like it's Game of Thrones up here it's actually a bunch of real close-knit people who do life together with different name plates on their doors so What are the what are the questions over there Cheney? Well, I've got I've got one for you for both specific genres as Publishers. What are y'all most excited about with with Trends where your specific genres going right now? What's what are you getting excited about these days? I'm just going to I'm just going to keep talking. I love I love the gospel Vibe that's happening all around all Learners. Like it's for me. It's creeping into the worship World obviously and it's just I think that it's giving some life that was needed there. But I also feel like it's creeping into all different genres, too. So, yeah. Try to think there's this there's just so much good music going on right now. I was just in a meeting right before this talking even in the country genre. It's so wide right now from people like Cody Johnson, who's that Texas country, but it's good work in mainstream all the way to the FGL who's like the you know, most extreme. I mean, they're doing like hip-hop stuff and wood with fusion with country and and it's working, you know, they're doing all the and so yeah there's just so many opportunities you know whether it's pop sounding country really country sounding country or just the straight down the middle of the road kind of stuff so it's exciting it's exciting time to be in and we're we're trying to figure out the whole streaming thing but it's taken off really great and I think it's a wonderful way to have more artists and songwriters get their music exposed and in a way that we've never seen before you know in our yes to music using spotify or apple music or any of those Services I mean you say you'd have to go to a record store and spend all kinds of money you know just try to discover music whereas now I mean you just have everything at our fingertips it's awesome yeah one of these days it might be fun to do 20 Minute Podcast just on streaming this is unravel them a monster in the mystery of that so it's good Carol Channing okay that's electric they're like answering questions about us a sign Let me pick one here because we had were super impressed by all of the comments that we had. What about we have one question? What what's better for landing Cuts full song or something start? Well, that's kind of also genre-specific a little bit in CCM Christian. There's probably two three maybe four artists that will take finished outside. Totally outside songs that the artist hasn't written on. So in those instances where the artist really wants to write. Song starts are great because you got a great hook or you got a great first verse whatever. That's it. Let's explain that a little bit song Start is a term we use and it means literally you maybe have a great idea. You could probably finish the song on your own but you just throw a great first verse and a big course hint at a bridge and turn it in. Yeah, it could be 40 seconds long or six songs star. It's exactly what is really what it what it is. It's not finished and that just gives room in but in the publishing in the splits for an artist to come in put their stamp on it there earlier gone it and take ownership of the song and really feel like they can sink their teeth into it and then gives it a better chance of getting caught that's good. And let's be real we could even have a finished song and then unfinish it and hit mute over a verse and then it becomes like a stylus getting around to that because I am a producer writer many many times. Tony and I are bin Jia whoever we have have finished the song and I just hit mute half of it go. you go and you have it in your back pocket as well in case you know said artist does jump in you they may be give you your second verse or Bridge back or whatever and it's not maybe quite there because a lot of this is not a slam at anybody but artists are artists for you know they're not always writers writers I'll just say it that way doesn't mean they can't right but you've I would actually encourage people finish the song but don't be scared of sending an innocent song start because even if the artist does throw something in it may not be where you would have taken it and then when you pitch back and go okay well what about this then they go yeah we love that then they're in on your song and you've just given your whole song it's great so that one of our one of the Mason has passed boss Dale Matthews amazing gardel Matthews is how easy you used to say you could with the song If you pitch a song and you're looking at maybe giving up some publishing in order to get a cut right then you can have a hundred percent of nothing or 33 and a third percent of something it's true you know So again, it's that open bringing something open-handed being willing to work with people to get that cut. And yeah, if you want to hold on to that song and then not get cut then fine, but you might miss out on something I will say this and I've actually been through some things. I think well, we won't obviously name names but I've been a part of some situations where an indie songwriter got a song I heard and then when somebody started trying to do something with it, they got pretty scared and I'm not going to say they were greedy. They were just scared. They no matter how it was explained the couldn't get past that they were being taken advantage of and I love that word Trevor just be open handed. I mean this is the laws the law that yes, you can get ripped over, you know ripped open in the music industry. But but this is there is a bit of a I'm not gonna call it standard because I hate that word. There's no standard contracts, but there is a standard division of songs like there is a that's it's called copyright law. You're not gonna get robbed You're always gonna get a split and so Better be open handed and I love that. You know, you can have a hundred percent nothing or something of something. So let's get advice help anything and on it just in the country world. I would just say it's way more common to have fully finished songs. I mean there are instances where an artist will take a song in the studio and maybe it might tweak a line here a lot in this bridge or something and they more times than not they don't ask for ownership. But you know, there are some artists are like, hey, you know, I read Built a bridge. So and then here we are in the same scenario said well, we're not going to discuss is that we're going to make our money so it's like okay, we'll give you a percentage of the song because again, it's part of something is better than all of nothing and but then and the talk about the song Start part that's hasn't been super common in country. But there have there are more and more instances. I've been hearing of mainly producer writers building tracks and maybe there was a Lyricist and then they might do a little bit of a start. It's been more of the producer writer sending tracks to artist me like go your three or four tracks. Do you think this is something you'd be interested in writing on and a lot of them have been doing that school have it. Here's another one for you. Okay as as Publishers, which and I know you all are some of the best of the best to from what I have heard and got to know you a little bit but what did it say? Start out as the dream to be a publisher. Or did did it start somewhere else because I know that will have this podcast is for songwriters. But you know, there's also just for music lovers and so, you know, maybe the dream is not man. I just want to be a writer. Maybe it's just I want to be involved in music industry. But what about for you all? What where did that start like? Okay. Well for me, it was definitely just I grew up in a musical family. Dad was a musician. I started singing when I was 5 I've just always loved writing playing music. And so there was no plan B as far as like what to do with my life and I knew it was always going to be in music. I just didn't know what it was going to be after college. I realized I didn't I tell everybody I realized I didn't have the risk the stomach for risk to be the artist great way to put and so at that point I was like, you know what I'm not going. To do the hardest thing probably I'm going to lead worship a church and kind of do that kind of stuff, but I'm not going to be touring and doing that kind of thing. So publishing was the area of the business where I saw there was there was still a good amount of creative input. And so you're in and around the very Genesis of a song so the creation of the song and you're listening to it and your critical about it like how this this this chorus could be better or this first needs to to do a little different thing. So there's aspects and elements of On creation being an artist but you're working the business side. So that's how I ended up in publishing because I saw it as a for lack of better turn a second best thing to being an actual artist or song writer myself because again, you're involved in the beginning processes of song creation, but you're working on the business side one more couple more. Yeah, or if we if y'all have anything else to add in on that. It's like why would you say for me I grew up musical side. The family I never excelled at the musicianship or singing but I always loved music and when I moved here I learned about the music business and I'll say oh man. That's awesome. I never realized there was a whole business Behind the Music part of it so that I that's what I discovered Belmont University shout out Belmont University and then they have the music business program Shadow my curb it had the music business program there and that's where I first call waiting from. Mr. Kirby. learn to start taking my music business courses and I checked my publishing class my sophomore junior year in that's why I was like whoa I love publishing and because I already kind of knew I liked songwriters and stuff but then learning all of what publishing entail is like that's what I want to do and then I did my internships and publishing companies like yes yes when can I graduate so I can just start doing this full time you know so here I am you know 15 plus years later still doing all the publishing I for one am very glad you are that you are a couple of quit last quick ones rapid fires or we answered it all man yeah well this is incredible insight and wisdom into something that a lot of people just have incredible misunderstanding about they just don't can't even imagine what it looks like to show up every day and do what y'all do so I mean whatever I go home you know back to Texas on my family's always like so HD sell your songs for it's like well, that's not how it works. They're like, I don't understand. Maybe you'll be yeah, I get that a lot. So maybe tied up in a bow this way. I want to I want to Circle back around and go back to maybe Jonathan you brought it up. It was this idea of in all of you kind of hit on it was the idea of like, what are you looking for? When you're what are you looking for in a rider that question was, you know kind of poised to be Who you looking for in a staff writer? And so literally I mean for me when I left integrity and August amazing a six-year run with the amazing Mike Murray and an amazing team. I knew my season there it was time to 4 transition for a lot of good reasons and yet when I went into the next few months I met with almost every single Publishing House in town. I mean and I have friends that all of them and setting them having lunch with people I've known for years. and I don't think she would have mommy you know mind me saying her name but our friend Carrie over it capital it was like we set and she's like I just don't have a fight a spot you fit that I'm a good Rider I you know I like but I didn't fit in the niche they needed and so you know sitting down with you guys Trevor and Jonathan and cult it was like okay there's this okay I might can fit here in the more we talked we're going to okay yeah fit that we'll see how that looks in 12 months but you know where I fit but I want to come back around to this there's this little thing called a single song agreement mmm and so you don't not you do not have to be a staff writer to have a publisher be a part of something beautiful that you've created or something amazing you've been a part of and so I know for sure because I know a lot of the same people you do Jonathan and Trevor for sure and I would imagine it's the same in country maybe there's not a place on a roster because the rosters here are small like It is Mother's thousands and thousands of songwriters and only a few spots on rosters and Publishing houses. Right but that doesn't mean that your songs not going to find a home someday and a publisher who loves you and adore is that song and so I would just say as an encouragement to those listening who are indeed just because the staff thing is if that happens in your life great. I'm incredibly grateful. I if Tony would has taught me anything besides how to write good songs. He's also taught me gratitude like just show up and have some gratitude that I'm setting on Sending in a musical space today, right and yet at the same time you create something beautiful. It's going to find some legs. It's going to find a home in. So there's there's a lot of guys. I know I actually know guys that they prefer to be independent because they have such great relationships with Publishers that when they're a part of something great. These Publishers will sign it to a single song agreement meaning that they're going to share the publishing on one song One copyright and they're going to do their best to exploit that for you. And so I just want to throw that out. there is an encouragement you know yes maybe one day your staff writer but that doesn't mean that your great songs not going to find a home yeah I mean how many essays have you done in the last 12 months alone probably yeah I'd even say probably more yeah like ten or something in the last 12 months but there's two sides to it a lot of people I think from old Council would say when there was more staff writer positions available they get counsel of don't give up your song you're going to lose your value to get a deal but in this day and age if a publisher is coming to you and says they can do something with your song or I'm not going to sign a single song deal unless I'm 90% sure I have a home for that yep and I've seen some like we can't work for free either if I was to pitch a song that's not ours that's taking away from some of our writers that are signed us so I have to be cautious of that but when people will entrust us with their song it might get them to the next level where the I can think of several writers that have deals now that have single song deals with From the past and I can also think of certain writers that were scared to be open with their song and their songs are still not heard and they're not writing anymore because they've lost their season if they've kind of been scared to move forward and that's that. Yeah, so there's some great takeaways from this one tanning. And so thank you guys for taking Tom. Told y'all 30 minutes. I'll now got y'all at 48. So I appreciate y'all as always in the end of episode 4 now we say thanks again along man. Thank you for listening. Yeah, y'all are y'all are amazing us with the way y'all have engaged. So be sure to subscribe that way you don't miss any of these kind of awesome interviews like we're having today so you can stay up-to-date with all we're doing go right awesome songs. Y'all are amazing. See you next time. All right.