Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer.Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know saying it was definitely more painful. So what happened was? It was modified soccer was modified soccer. I was playing against Kennedy and you know, we were having all right game. I think it was one one or something like that. We were tied up or something. It was close game. It wasn't it wasn't like a blowout or like one way or another was it was a close game? And what happened was I got the ball and I was dribbling up the field from our back. So like our 18, I was growing up to Half Way half filled and I got 3/4 of the way there and I passed the ball off to an outside midfielder that was around Midfield and I try to get by guys in like a run and he push any put he kind of laid into me and pushed me over and I fell backwards and as I was falling backwards I try to put my arm my arms back to catch me which was a mistake. I should let my back and my butt take the blow, but I didn't and I ended up falling blowing in my arm and it broke complete fracture. I'm on the inside bone in my arm and that yeah, that was a lot. It was a lot of impact and it was a lot like bang and I tried to go I didn't think it was broken. I tried to get up and I didn't feel anything until I like put pressure on it. And that's when all the pancakes and I looked at it and it was like bent and stuff and I was like, oh my God, and I just start it was so it was so painful because what happened was since the arm broke and the butter bone was still intact it would start to rotate. It's hard to rotate around and always it was bad and the rough came over and stop the game is like it was kind of funny because he was like an African it wasn't that it was an African ref need a really thick accent. It was like you going to be all right. Okay, and I was like, I was trying not to laugh because the app of Aksum was funny. But but it's I was in so much pain that I couldn't. And came over and my mom my mom and my dad were both of the game and they were watching and my dad wasn't worried at first, but I tried to get up when he still wants to see like I didn't get up. He was like, oh no something's really wrong. So happened was I eventually they got me off the field and I'm sitting on the sidelines with my mom. So I'm taking to the hospital. My mom was completely broken and what I had to do, it's hard to explain. I had to lock my hands. And keep it against my side to make sure that my arm won't rotate because that what made him hurt the most is when it's kept rotating and like it was a half an hour drive. He drove half an hour to urgent care. And I and I wasn't my mom didn't think it was completely broken. They thought they could do something there. So we got to urgent care. We talked with them. We sat down waited for 15-20 minutes and they're like, all right, we can't fix your arm here. You're gonna have to go too strong. So it was another 15 minutes to get too strong. I just wanted to it's been like an hour an hour since I broke my arm and that it was really starting to hurt. So we got two strong and like all right, we'll see to it immediately as with his weekend and I get in there and there's a bunch of people injured already and there was are two other soccer teams. Not not there was a guy who broke his femur and the girl who tore her ACL And that those have been in there, so I was already last on the list of people they wanted to treat because they wanted to get those injuries because there are more effective like the body. So the treated those injuries and I was just waiting in my room with my mom and it was another hour to hour later and I had to sit also all this time. I'm still broken and they finally you finally came in like alright, we're going to take an x-ray it took me the X-ray and then we've got the extra stuff. We came back to the hospital room, and we waited for another 30 minutes and they came back. Alright your arms broken. We figured that out. I'm like no dip. If I was a really young broke and they're like and they're like, all right, we're going to get the people to fix it and what they're gonna go try and come in and out. We can have the whole try and hold them here so we can get them to sign paperwork. All right, and so we waited for another half an hour. And they finally came in and he was with the worst part was there was a there's two people there's people there and the one guy is the one guy who's more trained was like, all right. I'm going to I'm going to put it almost in the place. I'm going to have this guy to the rescues. He's a medical student in training. I'm gonna let him do the rest. I'm like, okay. I know he's trying to train but I don't trust him and so he put it about halfway and stuff like that. And he said this will probably be the most painful parts we put out and I didn't feel it. I was like, oh that wasn't that bad. And then the guy who's like the training site. All right, he would play this wrestling and he pushed it and it hurts so bad. Like I like was I was grabbing onto something. I think I was gonna like a pillow and like the stuffing came out of the pillow. And he put it too far you put the bone bit too far and I was like, are you serious right now? And so he did he did he did eventually put it back and stuff and they put the plaster around it and I was like, I was almost passed out because if I'm without painful it was putting him too far too far back and then they left and then the doctor came in and they're like, why don't you keep the guys here? I was like are you I was weak. They just left we tried to give him the kiss stay, but we can So they're like, all right, we'll get him sign the paperwork movement bring the paperwork back to you to sign and then you'll be out of here. We waited for about another hour for that pattern. So in all my game was at 4:30. I broke my arm at around. Five I will say five like 10. And from 5-10 I didn't get out of the hospital. Until 11 o'clock, so I had broken my arm and waited six hours with six hours with six hours. Basically with a broken arm. I got back home, and I was like really late and then I just I just passed out immediately once I got home. And I had to like and I had to keep and then for another six weeks six to eight weeks. I had to get my arm elevated whenever I slept and it was it was so big but the worst part about it was how long it took for them to get it done because I thought I was like, all right, I'm gonna get in there will be like two hours at Max there's another six hours and it was just terrible. So yeah, that's that's my broken arm story do want to do one of yours, or you want me to just keep on with mine. All right. All right. Are you having fun logical order or you just kind of like yeah. Alright, I'm going to start with my hockey injury. That was last year ninth grade we playing. think it was It might have been Webster and I'll just one of our top penalty killers and basically they wanted to draw their transmen in our Zone. But I was able to get to the park before their defense mean kid and I chipped it out off the glass there. I went down I had a breakaway. I took a shot on net and skating but my left skate caught a rut in the ice and twisted my leg. I went down about say 10 feet from the board's. I went back four snowboards much tailbone hit first. And I already thought it wasn't going to be too bad. I gotta skate into the bench. I mean, I was limping a little on my way back to the bench, but I don't think it's too bad thought it was maybe Gonna Miss shifter too. But sitting on the bench behind everybody paint just kept growing and growing and eventually moved from Smart tailbone to my left hip. And I on the bench just ride your pain. It hurt to move but it hurt more to not move. So I just trying to like shake my leg and keep it from growing into even worse pain. Yeah, this was in the second period so at the end of the second we were going back to the locker room, too. Wait for the Zamboni to cut the ice and everything. When I tried to stand up on the bench to go back I couldn't stand up to the Haiti was allowing you to hear something. So there we had to my coaches. They grabbed my arms put them around their shoulders and they basically carried me the locker room. From there. I just got undressed is fast a kid. Then my dad one of the other coaches carried me out to his truck down. I was sitting in the truck and we went to the U of R which luckily was just down the street because he plays the city. I went in it was an urgent care and since it wasn't broken, they could treat it there and basically, I went in for x-rays they gave me all the all these weird positions. I just sit like a frog kind of get one of the x-rays one of the x-rays they showed it looked like it was broken or looked like something chipped, but they said he's probably just I move during the X-ray so luckily it wasn't broken. They never really told me. What it was but yeah. Because it's a really bad hip injury. Yeah. Went home is probably around 10:30 when I got home the next day I can go to school because I just couldn't walk and the game was on Wednesday. So I miss Thursday. I went back Friday what's crutches and It was really icy. I I am fell on my way into school but no ended up being a little less than two weeks before I got back on the ice again. So it wasn't too long lasting. Yeah, so it was like it was an injury. It was like a bad injury, but like I didn't like affect you too much. Yeah. I just couldn't go upstairs really. But yeah. And this year I separated my shoulder, but that one was better don't was but not as bad or yeah, like two days before I got back. All right, so my second one this one affected me for a longer period of time but it wasn't as painful as the last one. So that's it was kind of like a trade-off. So we were I was playing this was last year. This was ninth grade last year. It was spring it was like May fish I think may I was playing in a tournament for my Premiere team? soccer and I was playing I was playing and I was like, I remember this one's hard for me to remember. I only pieced it together through. What people told me and like what happened what the doctors told me it's like that and I was like so it's a head injury, obviously. So what happened was I was playing and it was I can't remember but like it was a really it was nice. It was actually nice day and it was kind of funny. So I kind of can't really see too much but like I can still play and stuff so I was going And around Midfield again. I was I looked up a red field is not good. Yeah images not gonna play midfield, but just the center line is not the kind of goods, but it's not like it's that someone had cleared the ball from the back and I was in position. I was going to head it back to where I was going to head back so that we can put the pressure back on. And I went up for the header and on this tiny little bit. I jumped a bit too early. So when I was about to hit the ball, I was already on the downward path of my jump. So I jumped up hit the peak and as I was falling down, I was in hit the ball, which was it wasn't the greatest. I mean, I was still going to hit it as long as I like put my neck into it. I would been fun, but another person went up for the ball on the other team and they were behind me and they time their jump a bit late so they were up as the ball. Just coming to them they were going upwards. So he wanted to get above me like kind of go down like get around me and what happened eventually what ended up happening was I went up he went up just after and his he do is going to lose the ball he threw down using the ball and so he drove he basically jobs elbow under the back of my head. So he drove that was back in the head. I knocked down on impact with that. I was knocked out a ball hit me in the front of the head the face like the face and I was already knocked out when that happened and basically pretend me going straight up and getting in the back of the head that pushing the most them forward. So instead of saying sure I'm slowly falling down and I face plant in the ground. Such 3 that's 3 head hits to the head all while being knocked out for two of them. and I was laying there like I was swamped. I was slumped on the ground. I was just completely out and they turn me over and when I was starting to come to my arms like shot up stiff. And like I was making a weird like noises with my mouth, I was thinking I was a but I'm making buzzing noise basically and my arms are like really smart phones are completely stiff going straight out and like all my muscles are tensing. It's okay and it took me like a minute about I think to come to and when I was a time when I looked up all I saw was a beaming white light in my eyes everything. Like who's hurting miles? Like this is not good. So I got carried off the field. I sat down on the sideline and how I couldn't get my balance. Even the most thing I just could not get my balance have a good bag my bag and put it up against my back so I can lean on it and the doctor the seismic the Medics came over and they're like, they're asked me all these weird questions. Like what's your name? What day was it was a it was a Sunday? And I think I remembered what the day was but I couldn't remember what the date was. So I was like I did Sunday, but I don't know what the date is like. All right, that's good. And there's like did you see stars? I was like, yes, I saw Stars. I saw a very bright white light and it's kind of still here right now. All right. It's like I'm a people test and my pupils weren't dilated right there. Like that's not good. They're talking to my coach my dad. I'm talking to him and we want you having those but I got it. We're gonna we're gonna do I want you to take this small sips of this water and where to get more tests on you when you feel ready, but all right, so they and this all happened while I was on the field so that what happened was I got some water. All right, they did like a reflect reflex tests and stuff like that and they did a few more concussion protocol test. And what happened? Was that like, all right. I believe you screw believe that you're suffering from a concussion. We don't know how bad the concussion is, but we know you're suffering from Passion. It turns out and everyone to the doctor, but like I had all the symptoms of a mild concussion and they were talking about how bad how it was bad that I was like completely stiff and stuff like that and I'll talk about that. And what happened was what I didn't know. I didn't know until what I remember from that day like where and why would I got fulfill those like all about they're like, what do you remember I was like when I was I saw the ball in the air and then that's when I woke up on the ground and I told me what happened. I was like What I thought I had like and I had like a crick in my neck. And I was like, this is not this is not good. And so I got home and it was like it was Midday. So I was like wasn't that bad because you're in a tournament and I didn't do anything for the rest of the day. My eyes were killing me a migraine. It was terrible. And but that's like, you know, I don't question. Oh well, but that but here's the problem. There's a Sunday the next day. I had two tests and both were online. So I was basically wind while taking these steps. I was like, hey, I got a concussion. Is there any way to take this test on paper? I like why can't print read printed out a copy. I was like, alright, I'll just muscle through it. So during these tests. I had like a migraine came back. I really see it was burning my eyes while taking these tests and all the symptoms just lasting for another week and it was it was just really bad because it would have been all right if I either just like fell on my face or like got hit in the elbow and just kind of explore old look round, but it was because the hair in the back of the head hit my and I hit my What's it called fit? My temple the bombing attempt on the ground. That's where like really cause it was bad. That'll that'll and the dado. That's what happened and like I thought what I thought because I had no idea. I was like did someone knee me when I went went for a ball? I thought I got need in that basically like know. Yeah, it was bad because it also was bad because since I was on a downward path, he is upward path pushed me up. So it basically like it took me longer to get to the ground. Yeah, and it just was it was a debacle. It was a terrible terrible terrible debacle, and it was probably my worst concussion to date and both were playing soccer broken arm and a bunch of other energy, but that was like the longest lasting like effect from an injury. I've had yeah, I Luckily never gotten a concussion from her. Yeah or baseball and it's kind of funny. My parents won't let me play football. I probably would play football, but it's won't let me hmm and I'm football coaches from our school multiple times of tried to recruit me to play so yeah. Yeah and And I'm like I can't because my parents won't let me in there the coaches her like you can play hockey, but you really football. All right? Yeah. Yeah. What happened? Oh, yeah, but I haven't gotten one lucky. Okay, so my second injury from baseball it did you hit in the nuts? Did you get him enough to the ball? No, oh it that has happened to me multiple times. Oh, yeah same it sucks. It really sucks. There was one time where I had after the game. I was in the shower and I couldn't feel my stomach dropped back down, but it wasn't one injury to beef pletely honestly with multiple injuries that game this time. Fall sophomore year I was playing follow just get a bunch of my buddies. The UMP was absolutely terrible at Daly aye aye. There's no words to explain the song that I can say on here for his first inning. I I was catching some Catcher And The kids Wong and hit the ball to shortstop maybe sure stops third baseman. Can't remember which but his backswing you release the bat and it came back and nailed me right in the side. So he's a metal being swim pretty hard and you and the side. So that one yeah, shake it off walk it off for a few seconds fine. Same inning. I got a foul ball off mask, whatever get back to the bench. It's fine hitting third that day and I Victory song a soft ground ball to the third baseman on my way. At first I was running in it it just rain so muddy and everything. all right lift and I started to fall I take the bag because I was tripping and basically my foot caught and I face-planted which not too bad except for fact that I scratched my chin up pretty good bleed but it was like it was like a rug burn those like a runner. Yeah. Yeah, like a rug burn and the first baseman came over to help me off pretty nice guy and everything watching Bernie. So I got back to the Dugout put some ice on it caress the any and then we went back out on the field like normal. Nothing happened for the next few Innings. But later in the game, I hit a leadoff double to start the inning and I stole for then are there was a passed ball by the catcher. Side decided I'd try for home the dogon had first and the I was safe. So the picture caught the bone / my head so my chin went right back down into the ground and I didn't notice it at first because I was more focused on my chin pretty More but the picture had stepped on my wrist. This is metal spike it like went into my wrist. So I got back to the bench all of a sudden I noticed there was blood just dripping on the ground and I was confused his that I didn't know so I slip looked at my wrist and All the sudden there's just a big gash in my arm. And all right. Just ask a couple guys what happened? Because I had no clue. I didn't feel it and they said oh, yeah picture stepped on your wrist, and I had no clue this whole time and so I went over to my mom. I got some tissues to try and like slow the beat bleeding. Probably would not stop leaving. So I went back on the field dripping blood. I think this is like the sixth or seventh inning. So we're just about done. Ended up just putting a Band-Aid and some Neosporin on it. There's still scar. There's probably one of those ones that will take two years to go away. Yeah, that's my horse Baseline Jay. And this is what we're doing. This is because we always get injured. Yeah. Yeah high and very much injury-prone when it comes to hockey. Yeah a lot more. Yeah. I used to be very We found ourselves about smaller. But now yeah now that we're actually not tiny. No, we're not. Tummy freshman. Yeah. Freshmen are you want to send this one off sure. Today's podcast record again soon. Thanks for listening. Yeah, thanks for listening. Give me if anyone has suggestions as what we should talk about writing because we're not exactly sure we want to do here. We just want to kind. Talk and you know do something at least. Yeah, you can DMS program. I guess my Instagram tag is Jacob underscore Campbell PVE Arlo underscore 21 and mine. Mine is its Valentino mayola? 19 underscore 19. Yeah, that's what is rounds in the middle. Underscore 19. I think we're going to look to make a podcast Instagram or something. Yeah, maybe if you guys give us enough likes will do a face reveal on there if you want. And then after we make the Instagram we DMS on their first suggestions and then we'll we will most likely maybe make another one with another friend of ours who yeah, we've had this idea for a little while of doing a free person one. So bring about that and that's going to be a complete that's gonna be a different one. Yeah, we'll only be different. Yeah different topics different same people different topics. and we will be looking to do more sports related topics and Maybe some Clash Royale other stuff. But yeah, thanks for listening signing off for now Jacob Campbell. We will see you next time. See you.