Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw All the Lord again. Jesus said peace be with you that is got of that that's got to be a huge surprise. They've locked themselves in a room out of fear and Jesus just shows up and never mind the doors were locked, but they witnessed him died. Just a few days ago the last person you would I'd expect to be in the room would be him. There had been a crazy surprise reading in 21 and following again. Jesus said peace be with you as the father has sent me. I am sending you and with that he breathed on them and said receive the Holy Spirit. If you forgive anyone his sins, they are forgiven. If you do not forgive them. They are not forgiven. So not only is Jesus just surprised them and show up but he gives them a mission. He's like I got a plan for you. I am going to send you out and I'm going to give you the holy spirit, so I'm going to send you and I'm going to equip you. So what do you do then? Well, it's obvious when it's not you, right? Oh, yeah, these guys should leave that locked room and go on the mission that God got to sending them out. But what happens when it's when it's us And are locked life where we got it locked down the way we like it and Jesus shows up and says I'm going to equip you and I'm going to send you out. How do we respond to that? For what? It's worth. Those are my thoughts as I'm reading through John. I'm super excited that you're listening in today. And I hope that you are getting into the word yourself and spending time with God making him a priority. That is the goal of this podcast to encourage you to pursue guy. Thank you so much for listening today. Lord willing. I'll talk to you tomorrow.