Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy.Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll. We're not poke day our nation. This is polka dad Rick and with me today is prove it in. There. He is. What's up man? How are you doing? I'm doing good. It's amazing. Nothing crazy things happen. Yeah, because everyone got the last week's episode even though that was recorded like three weeks ago. So it's like oh, hey you sound finding that episode long story short that that's the night before I woke up hurting on the side. Aish. I just fine with the Scots did our thing woke up in the morning. I felt like I went to the gym on the left left side of my body now. Chanting I don't know what's wrong. That's like the I sleep on a funny and then she's like what what's wrong? I think I'm in a lot of pain like I worked my abs and then all I did was go to sleep. And then after that I just I blew it off the next day. It was a little worse. I was sleeping in a weird angle. Like I went into my daughter's bed, and she's she doesn't live with me. She's with me every other weekend, so I wasn't sleeping with her but like I went into a room slept in her bed. So I gave Shannon space because I was taught. Icing and turning and Friday. I was just in so much pain wasn't getting any better talk to my boss and he's like maybe you should go home and it was on Valentine's Day and I was forced to home with like two hours left of to work. I get a home to Shannon as a hey, how do you feel like spending Valentine's Day at the ER and sure she was gung-ho about well and all in all fairness we Really have plans on Valentine's Day because we were supposed to pick up Emma for the weekend. So we were going to celebrate the following weekend. Long story short. Once the emergency room got things done found out. I had two small blood clots underneath my lungs that collapsed both my lungs. I had fluid in the left lung. So yeah, that's what I'm dealing with. So I'm on blood thinners until August and then I found out that the blood thinners is messing with my kidneys. Only that I've just found out that I have kidney stones. So any aggravation to my kidney, I am bleeding a little so here literally old that's so if I'm feeling better and I've turkey plenty of water like I've I've hit a hundred ounces of water today. So all right my case think not need as much pain when I started physical therapy technically on Friday last week, so Right now my I hit trip in my lower back hurts from all the weird things. I'm a comedic. They're like bend your knees. No, I don't want a bed my teeth. Yeah, my goal is to run again, but they're going to build up strength and all the stuff like that. There's so much work. Oh, yeah there it has out rad and almost 10 years almost 18 years. It's almost it's almost. Yeah, yeah, I'll be nine years this August. Yeah. Yep. So I'm looking forward to going to have in their happening. Yeah, the surgery and everything else is just you know to the bottom of the driveway. I did it never again never again. Yeah, so no polka-dots got tonight. So no. Heh. Bombs tonight. We apologize. They might be a clean. I'll try to swear if I think about it for you guys. I don't know you're just too polite. He had he had some major daddy duties tonight. So he wasn't able to join the cast but hopefully next week next week. All three of us will be back together doing doing what we do what you guys love. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry that a few weeks ago. Go Aaron, and his son G went to the first pre-release. We'll see how bad man is getting back. So he had I would say by the end of it. He had fun. So why is that? We open packs like the alley Gabriel like this card. I mean it's a common card but havenco love it. So we grabbed him form and stuff like that. But I kind of let him merely but like you can only feel it played a bit. They know kind of how to play the game of the more you don't play any you might not want, you know, just wanted to give them that you know that preparation like you might win some but you might know what is wrong for the point is to have fun and he very much took it to heart he very much felt like they were taking advantage of them for a bit there and really was just the luck of the draw on the packs, but by the end End of it. He did win his first Pokemon match ever. He's never been to me because I'm not I'm not nice enough dad like that. They should have been but God alert you learn by watching shoutout to Pokemon Trio. He does that he has two kids at play. He just does not go easy out. He's like, you gotta learn study get better. Yeah, we're doing so he actually won his very first like ever Pokemon go Pokemon match. At the end of it so he did he did not lose every match and he really perked up at that point. He actually wanted to start playing against other people while we're waiting like prizes and something figure out. So yeah, you're half a game done before like the Prides and stuff came out on the end up pulling a I think it was a V Max or V Regirock. I believe what he got. Gotcha. This card's kind of look is one big car that he pulls in the back was he a great time was able to use it at all. Is that how He got his victory or no, he had literally no fighting Pokémon whatsoever. Okay, I figured yeah 0 funny. It was just to use them in a water on steel deck is when you okay, so we had because he gonna do what's the circle right now the starter like, you know, oh the gun, Yum and squabble squabble. So we he had them and then he had this one time we had this deck anymore. That's how good what do you ohh yea tall pharaoh seed and it's evolved form blow a little cartoon a it wasn't always suspect spectacular deck. That's kind of how get building, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's how they keep it where anyone can play is just if the he got like a better card in his four packs. That's how you know, that's how it works. No 1 1 % V Snorlax little oh so brutal. Well if you even have pulled as a seein with the metal with his deck that would be perfect for him. But now we're super happy super happy. How did you coach him? You just like tell them what I hate to do this you gotta climb. I mean outside of like this. His responsibility to play in the tournament was it mean the tournament? Okay. It was like if you like if he missed something like yours things you can do in return and stuff like that. Like we're on the very first turn is first manager. I'm like you can evolve if you want to nudge, but he didn't pick up on it. So he didn't actually evolve and then he got this guy all wiped out of and downhill from there, but he eventually started to pick it up like that third match sort of Fourth Man. She finally kind of starting to understand but I tried to let him just do it and when learning kind of game is over have a rule issues with that. I would you know help with that. Why are you even on the opponent? Like if they mistreat them a prize like you missed your prize so they could get it to look at those cheeks. Look at you polka. Dad - it making sure everyone has a good time. There was something there were some young kids are older than my age. I was there and I was like We used to play Yu-Gi-Oh. We were like an umbrella, but they were like that name. Gotcha. I thought I thought you were meeting you. He's you met sublet that was felt played Yu-Gi-Oh with us back. I'm be like dang. I feel like I feel like Billy is that you Billy? Maybe it was the only was this kid that played do you get out that she did all the time and he was like Fourth of July 14 years old and he had a bigger mustache and I did and I was 20 Yeah on his pant leg. This is what I had already dropped his cards at he had a reach out. Oh, oh, sorry. I'm the one that didn't ya. Yeah, don't you you better get caught. He actually got caught in the Regionals the cheating but not not though. He was a cheating. He was playing some kid and he had the god cards in his deck and then when they go check your deck randomly, they're like, oh, hey Billy. We need to check your deck. He left them in and it's a kitty cat disqualified. Shut up Billy if you ever find this podcast Billy you're wrong. Well speaking of podcast. This is Tuesday night, March 3rd and poke - just hit over 1,000 downloads. Whoo. Thank you guys so much who would have thought two months ago that people would start listening to us these three bags of just like a Pokemon and have no idea what we'll talk about it. Yeah, we appreciate it. Scott loves you. I love you. Aaron loves you. Just will keep it. Yeah, we love everybody we are we appreciate it and we continue to do things right and have a good time. And also thanks for the nice shout out about our last episode. I don't know if you listen to it yet are in or not. But Scott and I dueled in the last episode it was he listened to it really busy. It's all good. But now that's a fun one. So if you haven't checked it out, we we ask for some feedback because like trying to To play a game and also make it a podcast form was kind of difficult because how do you keep a listener engaged? I worked in ins and outs with it. I asked people on Instagram and majority loved it. Last time I checked it was like 90. It was like 93% said we would love to do it again. I think I might be better if it was like two dads battling and then someone else will just talking like more banter. Yeah. Yeah, so, that'd be that'd be kind of definitely something we would try to do and then One percent or the seven percent said no, so hey, it could be worse. Appreciate your honesty 7% I've got to be honest. It wasn't my favorite episode. Thanks poke. So we appreciate you so we'll see. Let's move into some news. February 27th last Thursday, the much anticipated remake of Mewtwo Strikes Back finally launched on Netflix and Aaron. Have you got a chance to watch it yet? I have none. I honestly don't know how I'm gonna feel about the animation like it bothers me like just like looking at the quick little trailer. I'm like, I don't know. I'll tell you this the same Nostalgia from I don't I'll tell you this. It's really good like after after what after Actually, maybe like the first five minutes you get over the animation and just admire how pretty it is because it's the big chunk is just the beginning is about Mewtwo and it's it's awesome. I'm like, yes. Yes my yeah my only critique down it is when that movie came out in 99, right? 99. Yeah because Pokemon mm. Yeah in 99 you had the anime to follow so you kind of knew. Ooh where ash was with his Pokémon like he had Bulbasaur he had Squirtle and he had Charizard with them and Misty had Togepi. So you like remember you're like oh, so this is like near the end of the first Kento season, like you're near the end of it where Charizard's doesn't listen to them. And there's there's those parts where charges are clearly doesn't listen to Ash and if I was a new viewer, I would be like what? Going on like why doesn't Charizard why is he such a bad trick? Yeah, and you don't know that because as you know, it's a pretty much full remake of the original and it was cool. It was cool that to see those Pokemon again, especially especially Charizard and that's my boy. I don't miss him. That's fine my life. Oh good for you. My only my only negative after we watch it too. Is you remember that? Dragonite was? As the mayor carrier so he would leave U2's Tower and you would give you an invite to be like home face this the best Pokemon trainer in the world and Dragonite flies there gives the item and then flies away and then you never see Dragonite again throughout the whole movie and you're like, oh I'm sleepy. So training is killing. It was like what what happened? And then there was that fun see that the Remake were Dragon I chose up and Charizard wants a flamethrower in him and then Can I just moves his neck a little bit just some just so the flamethrower misses and hash was like hey, who are you? And it's all downhill from there. You're just like, uh, okay some other news we'll get some into some TCG stuff as you know, once you get one set of Pokemon cards it got to get you all ready for the next set and on May 1st to 2nd sword and shield said drops called Rebel clash. It's gonna be it's gonna be fun another 200 plus set. So you're going to be like, oh, yeah, this is cool. To get that going what's interesting about the set though the we got 17 v-cards in this latest set right where we're only getting 15 new v-cards and the new set, but we're getting seven V-Max cards and a new site where the the first sword and shield only had four V-Max cards. So I know I know one of those tracks Issa T. You're going to get a V-Max of him the three starters. You're getting you're getting those Malamar and all of this was a 3 4 5 6 7 so I'm missing two one's a I think it's a dolphin not a dolphin like an elephant something like that and I can't think of what the other one is, but that'd be funny of you. Yeah, but what's interesting though? Is that the first half of that set in Japan recently just got super cheap and I Is that means like maybe people are not buying the set and I could be because maybe that first half of cards are just not that good. I don't I don't know. I guess we'll have to wait and find out. Yeah, I mean, I guess in some cases like the one chord that I really wanted like the real boom is just in the starter deck. So what's the point of going for another pack think I mean I get it. Oh, you're real. You're real Boom. The one that you want to use is on a starter deck 1 you don't that's a that's a rare. The real boom starter deck is a totally different real boom. He's well, you know one who ever when I got with them. The pre-release yes pre-release. Yeah, I didn't realize that they were separate. That's my mistake for not doing nothing. It's fine. There's there's like there's two different versions of rila Boom as a rare two different versions of Italian and three different versions of Cinder Ace. You're like, oh, all right. Shove shove the new Trio down our faces. They all look like anything. I'll look forward to it. I don't think I'm going to go as gung-ho with that said as I did with sword and shield will like we're trying to get the complete set. Pretty we're pretty close. We're actually only just missing one normal card. And it's Zama zenta. I have not pulled that card. I have not a two dollar card have not pulled it. I've pulled his full art five times, and I've pulled his gold card one time. So can we beautiful rainbow? To Daisy. Yeah, it's all data right now. There you go. They hate that that's pretty good out of rainbow cards. We have that means we have the Lapras more Peko V-Max Beatty and Professor research, so we currently have for rainbows. So that's cool. I fold a lot of full our professor research cards and only two of the normal rare. That's funny. Yeah, so I'm like, oh, this is cool. I need a reverse all I do need a reverse rare Marnie we need we need that. So if anyone listen to me You have not as young as you have a standard Hollow morning. Oh so good car. That's a good hard, man. I also have an incomplete like common looking version of Marnie also, which came with one of the deck. Oh, yeah. Well, it's cool to since I'm having difficulties getting Professor research you get three of them in the theme decks any of the three theme decks and I was like, all right. Well, I just bought a theme deck for Scott so you can get three Professor research. I didn't I didn't I was dumb because I didn't know that the coins were the you know, the base form starters. I should have got real boom. So you would have had group. As your flip coin I have doubt man. I got an Italian have been cool. Yeah, I am extremely hurt him. Yeah, it's cool. I'll buy another one. Are you the opportunity to curse tho and you do you are no skunk. He would say something very very disappointed to me and all that other fun stuff. But lastly I news we had some sad news. I know are you're not very familiar, but the two days ago dead draw gaming announced that they're closing their doors. Sad day in the Pokemon world at one point are in in 2018. They were more than just a store. They were a professional team that was winning regionals after regionals after regionals. They were streaming they were doing their coaching players. They were doing a lot and they just got so big so fast that the three three owners eventually just bit more off than they can true and as of today The drug game is no more. It's a bummer especially for the polka Dad's because we just found out about that store and he's been Danny has been nothing but a fantastic guy to us. He buys bulk from us. He helps us with cards that we need for our decks and it's good. It's a sad day in the Pokemon Community, especially especially the six players originally started on that team that they were just so good winning and winning and winning and you look at it there. Marquis of what you look up to if you're making a team for the Pokemon TCG. So watch out World polka dad's will be the best team ever. We don't do much but we wish all three of the best and hopefully they all find what they're looking for and passionate and that's great. That's great. That's all I got on the news the news segment of ddg. All right, before we get into more Pokémon stuff today. I'm not gonna wait till the end as you guys know, we had 1000 follower giveaway going on. We weren't just doing one. We were doing two giveaways for two Elite Trainer boxes. We appreciate the shares and all the comments and everyone reaching out just to get our reaches out to people and can I get a drum roll, please? So the first one is Instagram name poke fiends. Congratulations. Thank you. Yeah, I like it. He's after one of the first handful of people that started following us back in November. So I'm happy that someone that's been with us for a while was able to check it out and when something and then our second winner is Hank Canto. Congratulations. You can think can't. Oh, yeah, you got it then that same thing just hit up on Instagram DMS or if you want to just reach out on our email. It's polka dad's TCG at gmail.com and we'll get that situated. Look at the address. We have that shipped out and thank you and thank you everyone that participated. I know that there's some people that are bonded then when it's tough It's a contest there's a lot of entries but We appreciate it and they'll be more in the future. Don't worry always be more. Yeah, so thank you everyone. Thank you so much. Hey, bud. You ready? I am ready. All right, so talk about time. So before we get into it, we're gonna we're gonna just discuss some sword and shield today. Just maybe some cards that we like our how we feel that. Nose going and next week. We're going to review a handful of cards each between us three. So like 15 cards that we like and we'll have that as a review episode. But first I want to address a rule that I don't think we really discussed and I was listening to poke Saul's podcast with Pokemon Trio today, and he was talking about one of the rules fours essien where he has his attack. Where was the attack again? He has his Brave blade or where it's three energy for 2:30. And this is during your next turn this Pokemon can attack. So I wanted to discuss to you are in the way that how you Loop that out where you can use it again on your next turn if if I if you don't think about it and you've read that as a card, how what would you do? To be able to use that attack. I need you to repeat it one more time just so I can get a complete like just that full thought process. Okay? No, no problem. So the attack on the card, it does something for a certain amount of damage and then underneath the card says this Pokemon cannot use this attack during your next turn. So how would you try to break like break the rule or figure out a way where you can attack again next turn? You swap it out for a mutual that does it. No. I almost put you didn't work anyway, but I don't know. I have like zero clicking. You can't just bench it and bring it back out because but you can't like switch twice to because it's still the same Pokemon. Then there's there you have to find a way to skip your turn or get another. I don't know. They're like, I don't know all the cards will have to figure out a way to that. That's fine. You simply. Do you know about there's like way so what is their Theory? Okay. So the theory of well first I'm going to explain what I thought you had to do. Like generally what I thought and I thought this is what you were going to say to I thought it was just like oh, I have a sassy and out and active and I have another one on the bench. So I would just, you know Retreat or switch it with my others a.cian and then I'm able to use that at his attack that next turn that's where I thought I could do agree, but you can't you can do that, but This is what happens. If you have a thespian, you ready to turn the previous term before it you. You had the attack you used it now. It's to turn that you're like, okay, this is what happens. I raise the attack. He can't attack this turn. You can switch out the Pokemon. So you place which you switch it back to your bench and to one of your other Pokémon and because you switch you still can Retreat so say if it was a Geraci, right and he had a skateboard just just for shits and giggles. Hey, there you go. You can Retreat your duty to retreat and bring ons a scene from your bench now he can attack again because as a special condition, once you go back to your bench everything change everything clears up at the same thing for Attack cards. So once you put it on your bench with a switch and then you Retreat and put it sassy and back onto the field you can attack again. So clear I had originally said yes. Yeah, he's looking lose on man. Yeah, but that's that's what you do. You just take it. You have to have a switch card, of course because you only can't Retreat one right one Pokemon per turn. So if you have a switch and able to retreat your Pokemon about a bing bada boom, you get them back right out there and you can have them attack again. So that makes sense. Why especially cards if you're playing cards in your deck that stops you from attacking your next turn a lot of Pokémon trainers, they will play for switches. Then with the ability with Alana and mellow mellow Alana no no Alana. Yes, so and then you add a couple of those and then you can have a grand total of you know, you can't six to eight switch cards that's alive like you wouldn't you want to want to do that, but that's that's not my want to address with you because I thought we didn't talk about because I just thought it was just like common sense for like, oh, I just read this card. I just have another one in my bench and then I'll switch. Catch him but now you can switch it you switch get into your bench. We treat a Pokémon for the other car. You just had and then it can attack again. So boom Pokemon learning session or section of the concat do it might be doing my best with two episodes in a row without Scott's grinding my gears segment so grinds my gears. It doesn't burn like yeah, and then I'm done. Yeah, and then another one just to be careful with is a gag questions about burn and I felt like I listened to the podcast and I do talk about it, but I just want to be clear when your Pokemon is burned and think of it as poison like every other turn you instead of one damage counter you take to damage counters, but you can flip out of being burned so I had to end of everyone's turned you flip. A coin so if its Tail's your soul burn if it's heads and you clear up so that that burn burn eventually go away by itself RLS, you know involve it or Retreat it. So I just want to clear that two. So two rules get your Pokemon knowledge up. Let's start battling get that going. All right. Well, I want to talk about some sword and shield. It my first complaint. There's none of my abloom in there's my grandma gig is gonna buy a plume in the entire first expansion. It's going to oh good for you. You had violins like back to back sets before we should be everything but you gotta you gotta remember sword and shield you're trying to get the was it the Clarion? That's what it's called right the Clarion. Area so they're trying to focus on New Pokemon man. So what is like, so if you want my card you like what is like your card that you really enjoyed from the set so far so far to keep it basic right now because I don't want to get into too much a lot of talk about during Review of the set. I really like and you know, it's whatever everyone has a I really like quick ball is it's a card where four of them should be in everyone's a deck. It allows you to get any Pokemon you want you just have to discard one card for it. It's easy. It's searchable. It's it's great Pokemon needed a car like this for a very long time and we finally got it. We're for you you're so fine. Especially if you're still playing plant your Your Nest balls are just fine So many more questions from that in that case, but I would say Carly I'm honestly, I mean when I was doing the expand tournament, I really do love balloons were ridiculous in that Batman. I know in general it's been really popular in some of the other build right now potentially. Well, I was going to wait and see what it's just his abilities to chunk out energy and just Crush true because of it well, What's great about it too is it makes your alone executor and Raul it GX move you like you can use it now, right? You have the cards right next to your right eye. If I remember I remember correctly. What is it? All the energy cards on my side of the field or put away like it's something something. So, okay cool our G3 grasp at least three extra energy attached to it doesn't specify Engineer you can be any energy but in addition to the attack of the cost of the attack, they're punished troubles all energy from their Pokémon in there into their deck. So every bench will come up your act to put whenever somebody goes back into your deck. Yeah, which depending on a certain point in the game that could destroy you at it and it's easy now, you know, especially if you have to to relevance on the bench that can super oh my God, it's so good that you could be down like do it could be like you have three prizes left or even two prizes left and and you're like, I don't know how I'm going to come back because my opponent slide 6, / like isil personally have not picked a prize you get an instant reset. That's crazy man. Like oh things I've I like to see how that works. Yeah. I will be messing with that probably later this week. I'm trying to get like some kind of hybrid between the by a boom and rela boom like deck built. Yeah. No, I'm interested to see I know people are going one way or another and a lot of people been adding Mewtwo into it also, so it's kind of a real boom Mewtwo box just eat. Yeah. It's just more more ways around it, but I like to see where that goes. But that's one thing. I like about like a early set expansion people are trying to Outside the box and right now so that is super great. The the last big overseas regionals the first one that was legal for sword and shield you two still won the whole thing. So we're not we're not out of the Woodworks yet. But over 50 percent of people on day two were running has A/C and a DP'd X. I'll shout out to polka dot Scott. I think the top the highest of that deck went for number one was the Mewtwo number two was rassi almond Charizard toolbox. And number three was that new the new dark Pokemon deck with obstacle. Goon. No, absolutely. That's a goon. Yeah. Yeah where he has the ability when you play this Pokemon from your hand to involve one of your Pokémon turn you may put 3 damage counter. On one of your opponent's Pokemon. Gabriel actually has that full set for a full Evolution. There you go. No, we consider clean it and it but it's the only dark but we only had one of each it was all he had said we couldn't do it but it just wasn't wasn't worth it. But yeah, so that that deck Frank took third then and which is fun. I have to look into the decklist more. I like to see what caused or what else people played because like 3 3 damage counters and Involving Pokemon, there's only so many Pokémon. You can evolve some Curious right? Definitely look into it reach out and some feedback want to talk about real boom a little bit. What what's good? What's his ability what he has said I got him I got to go but so little boom while you live you haven't as yet for some reason ability voltage by its ability. Where does is once during your turn you can search data for up to To energy current progress interviews clarify that and attach them to one of your Pokémon then you obviously saw fear death. He has one attack which you can use this ability of me. If you don't have how you're related to know when a skit is hammer and does a hundred forty damage takes three greatest enemies in one covid. So had the worst your favorite. You're not really attacking with them. Anyways, he's not going to be here attacking me like there's those occasions where you made not have a choice. The very start of the fall for sure, but if you ready if you ready Supergirl thin though, the your I have execute are absolutely that is this a general? Yeah. It's his ability is just it's such a powerful gangs and I'm excited to see kind of what some of the pros do tension with crash tanks because of this own group. Yeah, and I think right now maybe not not so much because it wasn't super heavy with grass for The set but maybe the next couple sets definitely expansion. Yeah, I definitely it's fun. It gives it definitely gives grass toolbox a huge lift where they're at right now. So and it's only gonna get better. So you got that. Yeah agreed. So I really want to talk about the fun Professor research card. Not that what it does like what everyone everyone knows what it does is describe your hand draw seven cards. It's pretty good. I'll talk about it more deeply. Our of what I want to talk about is that it's called professor's research and a right next to the name has Professor Magnolia right next right next to the side. So what what's cool is what Pokémon is going to do in the future as when the next professors research card comes out you can play the new one or you can play the old one. It doesn't matter because it the name doesn't change. They the professor of the region will change so I find that so I find that really cool. So like I have four full arts. I'm good for a very long time because I feel like I've already got my Flex deck going with my professor research cards, and I don't need a change it because even though it has Professor Meg Magnolia my saying I write M AG, nol, IA. At Magnolia I would say yes, when whoever the researcher is going to be for gen9. Do you be still be able to use professors research card from sword and shield because the car name is Professor research. So I find that I found that cool and and Pokemon does that they re print cards all the time? Like the the new great ball the new great ball is a reprint. Where they kind of changed the wording for it where this one is look at the top seven cards of your deck. You may reveal a Pokemon you find there and put it in your hand Shuffle the other cards back into your deck and I want to say the great ball before that was discard two cards so that so what you could do now as you can still play the old great ball, but you would have to follow the new the new type on the new card. So that's kind of cool. Some secret rare grey balls. So from the black and white set that you can play. So but you have to use the new the new rule the like the new words on the card. So I find that with Pokemon. What's the best way like really refreshing so like even if you spend money on some cards and you're like I bought this for my flextec and then after rotation of the Year falls out and like well, how's those waste of money, you know, but Likes ones. Yeah, I got a flex one. I don't want to keep spending money on Pokémon over and over and over but also a fun sword and shield talk. I want if you look at any of your sword and shield cards Aaron, you'll see letter D at the bottom of the cards right before the numbers. You see that I see a d. Yes. So amazing G is in George now DS David What Pokémon is going to do in the future when it comes to expanded play instead of letting you know sets like all you know, you could play this set through this out. Like right now it's anything from black and white until today. That's your expanded format and the future Pokemons going to have different sets and we have different letters at the bottom. So when it comes to the expanded format will just display. The letters will be like for this next form a Toby ZD. FG and then those are the only cards you can use so that's a little that's a little fun easy to remember stuff. Yeah instead of like what's that is this? What's this symbol mean like happens all the time. I can't even be like what have we got into back Pokémon with unbroken bonds. So like I know it's kind of a flower looks like a little flower that my oh that's on broken bonds. And Cosmic eclipse is like a snowflake but after a while I'm like wait, what what says is this again? And they're looking Wild. What else what else? What else what I want about sword shield. What's your what's your initial feelings on the V-Max cards? Like I'm they're not really playable right now, maybe outside of maybe Lapras or more Peko or Packo's pretty good idea. Yeah that that helps. What was Frost Mom? Thank you. Oh, yeah as many water water type. Energy is down as you want right and you get the three of them Vmax Lapras. It's a hundred and turn with the Pokemon has 320 health. So it is amazing. I mean, I like it. I mean I kind of miss the like the GX like moves by from the prior like, oh like that sense the GI likes that they had their own special attack that you can use wants to turn the tides. Yeah, you know it's gonna go feels like you're getting literally for half of my Rowlett and aloe and eggs to you aren't getting that potential extra boost that gives you that that that chance to either pull ahead further or come back from behind because you have these like powerful card. Yeah, but I don't think I agree and I really enjoy the GX attack, but you also got to remember to I think what you switch out. would see Max Is the ability of those hip points the hip points are get they get so high where it's going to be tough to one shot it so it still gives you two moves at least to figure that out. And it's two terms to do something with it - is ain't I really like in general in some cases? You could still have to terms with the GX cards prior to so I mean, I guess it's a wait and see until what more they come out with and as other things get phased out. Yeah, I like the idea just needs a little bit more easy and we'll see we'll see I don't know if they'll add a tax like back a me and Scott or what. Are you there for when we talked about it too. I don't remember but the first the first GX car was a Snorlax what they send out for a promo and I had the GX attack on it already. So I was thinking maybe it was added later on during sun moon, but I wasn't so I don't I don't know if they're going to change that or will be will be interesting. We'll keep an eye out at Japanese cars because you know, they get their sets a few months before us and see what happens. It's not like Dragon Ball dokkan where we used to be able to go on Reddit and be like, oh, hey, let's let's see what's coming out now. They're like no news. You're not getting anything anymore. If you're just gonna give this a surprise so but overall. Miles of jogging Reddit if you're listening to this, I dislike your decision. Five years. This is how you give me come by my long enough. I used to have these probably be like hey, so when you have someone like know now it's like four days ago, but you don't actually know that at all. Yeah. I think I did it sit for what I want to talk with outgoing. Deep into swords Shields up just we had those couple rules the difference of the cards all its official to now everyone. Remember you go first can't play as support card on your first turn but clearly it doesn't matter if you choose full one does and they're playing a they still played a fire box. So there's Soul Plane, you know welders and it didn't affect them at all. So right I'll go from that. All right are well before we go into pack opening some cards. We got some voicemails Bud. Yeah, we got voicemail. All right, let's go check out these yet. So this is exciting. Rock it out. Hey, what's going on? Pokey Dad's? This is a Snorlax Ian just going to say what's up. And thank you guys for the shout-out in the last episode and thanks for the car to you guys sent me. That was really cool. But the real reason I'm calling is because I just want to say you know, what really grinds. My gears is my local game store. I mean, I live in a town of about 30,000 people and there is just no support for Pokemon whatsoever. You know, they about told me to get out. It said the word Pokemon. They have magic tournaments. They have Warhammer every board game. You could ever imagine but they don't support one of the biggest card games of all time. So I'm stuck playing online. And yeah, the closest thing to me is about 200 miles away. So lately, especially with the release of sword and shield that's that's really grinding. My gears. Just want to hear your guys thoughts. All right later. look at Snorlax and given us our grinding gear segment without Scott that So just to kind of find a place where a bite. Where's young one? We estimate that one guy to buy in for us and we bought like all of it. We thought both boxes. Yeah Rosco together, and we would like we went to somewhere boot like a booth so I have a tournament so we could get that Naruto Naruto promo card. I do also appreciate your support of the violin because that's what it was for. Oh good for you. Is that in my opinion is nothing what good but what you can do is just take it into your own hands man, maybe maybe five different shop or a different even the library out there and fill out go to pokemon.com and then fill out to have a Pokémon League, especially if there's if there's nothing around you for 200 miles that it will be easy for you to it's quick. It's just a you fill out a paper. Paperwork I did it for Naruto years ago. It's like a couple pages long you filled out there asking what what you can do and where you want to do it and the library is definitely one of the easiest places you can set up and you learn the rules, you know, how to play you play online and they'll send you all those really cool promo cars that you give out every week. And then you're like, yeah and then you could try to start a community that way that that's that's what I would do. Because we use Chinese plate that ice rink where we used to play. I are you going to trim down there wasn't a game store. It was literally a nice and Grand by one of the kids dads who we actually ran it off. You got his warm to while when he has like a vacation or some other things going on that could be how many anywhere else so if it wasn't at that ice rink area because at one point it was so big there was so many people like you try to get that many people into a card shop. Yeah, this is Is this was Prime UGL so because we didn't get to them. Last episode I do know the guy that he talked about that like looked at him crazy did reach out to him on Facebook and said he will try for the next pre-release. So hopefully in May that goes well for you man. But like I said if that doesn't work out like figure out and just go for yourself because Pokemon even after all these years is still such a small community like we just be kind and let's just make it bigger. Like that's that's the only way is like people are just reach out and try to get this game out to many many people as possible. But thanks Snorlax Ian. We appreciate you reaching out. We hope it works out and grinding gears thing. Yeah, and we really hope that you know with Rebel Clash you're able to get a pre-release so fingers crossed buddy. We'll see how it goes. It's you ready for the next one would ready for the next one. All right. Your dad, my name is Corley. I just followed you guys on Twitter. I just followed you on Facebook. Jamie guys five star review because I haven't listened to your podcast yet. Now, I'm pretty fantastic. And of course, I love everything Pokemon. you know 27 years old and Like today, I just got myself my very first I guess you would say a super-rare card or secret rare car. I got a rainbow Marni card. I'm over the moon about it. Anyways, you know I saw your giveaway. It's fantastic whether I win or not. I want you guys to know how great you are and like how much I love following you guys and how your post just light up my day. Okay, so I hope you guys have a good one. We hope you have a good one to Carly. Sorry, dude. Sorry you didn't win. We do appreciate all of the phones by now, especially with a chance to kind of hopefully you enjoy as much as you enjoy. Be honest is really a lot of work from Rick. So shout out to Rick for all of his hard work on the posts and all that type of jazz. Yeah. Thanks son. That was really yeah. Go ahead and I lost that was very kind man. I really really wish the one the one voicemail really was Scott was here to answer because Scott would say something really nice because he's just super smart one and articulately. Yeah. We appreciate it and what Aaron said to I really hope you had a chance to catch up with us and listen to these episodes and Your shutout and congratulations on your hyper rare. That's what that's what the Rainbows are called Bud hyper rare Marnie. I really want it. I really want the full art, but I'll be happy with regular rare because I'm only pulled what so much love man. We hope to hear from you soon. We got one more would you ready? All right. What's up? Okay, Dad's Pocus all here. We're just wondering when we're going to have a cross-platform podcast crossover dual team triple battle collaboration. I'm talking about Gathering your people my people which is me multiple personalities and having a podcast. We answer questions from other poke dad's about being poke Dad's or poke parents or just everything in general man, you know, maybe Do like a live thing together something for your something for mine you guys, come on mine. I'll come on your guys's and I think that'd be super fun guys. So let's hear back with some feedback from you guys what you think and it's cracking. That is our boys Saul from the police all Network. He super fun guy and he sent me this message and I had a message him back when I was like dude. We're on your podcast the April 12th weekend and then he's like, oh, yeah, so we are going on his podcast that looks like it's on Easter weekend. So that's that'll be fun. But I'm down for a poke dad. Live episode. Let's do it. You you tell me win. Let's let's talk about poke dads and have polka dad's come and chat with us. And yeah, that sounds fun. Yeah. I'll be like poke dad's after dark or something Chuckles. Wow. Kids. Yeah, so yeah for sure. I'll hit you up man. My people call your people or your people call my people AKA you and maybe bellinis. Yes. Yeah didn't understand. All right, you ready to give the people they want buddy. So we're going to open three packs with a little twist. I'm opening all three, but Aaron's go. Look at the cards that I'm going to have in front of me. I can't see them and we'll go from there. Do I have to describe each and every ones until you figure out the name is now we're ready had an hour. We don't use this podcast ago everybody everybody. Yeah for sure. We got x-ray 9 zebra Doug 9.6. Zebra for Mike Paul Geary Luke, and I think one for gee I don't know what my head. Was that Gabriel. I did that last time. I ruined it. I hope your son doesn't hate Uncle Rick anymore. We got fighting energy it does he does he what the swears? Oh, okay for a three arm Heap more metal saucer. Paul meillard visible let PT. I say that wrong. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah. I'm / UB know that seems too easy Club upa's cat me. Oh, hallo yapper. And the rare is a Cloister yippee. That is so much fun. You ready for your really feel the excitement. So I'm out right now. It's let me know you can see him where we can see it is a you want to read off the code first? Oh good, cause I'm so I'll let you do it. Oh, good luck to me X-ray David Victor Kyle to 7 for David boy, Mike or old Zoo might nice. Okay. Yeah, we are cool. Cool. Cool. Began a series of wooden, okay. That is a it's referred to read the name change England slightly the other way elder brother Elder gasps. Oh nice science science. Okay your geese Scorpy, okay. Okay. Let me sit there. I'm pologize. Oh nice a score Bunny scorebuddy and is Pikachu and I like a Pikachu. All right, that's pretty good. I like the little energy Bali has around them. This is a teacup one since Society. What's our how long it is? All right last night manager. Now you'll make lewd comments about these ones as you draw through like Scotland. Okay? Okay. We have Leo Leo boy Cat Zebra wood 9 cat Timothy Yolanda to Gabriel 9 Who almost didn't do the trick? Whoo. Energy, always be more concise Peak energy Dugtrio. Yeah, like three wieners coming out of the ground. That's cool. Pokémon Center lady. Thanks Karen. Like we need our Pokémon. He'll energy retrieval. Look at this piece of shit. We don't need to retrieve energy from the discard pile. Yeah, Rhyhorn. Oh, that's cool. That's cool hundred hitpoints. Yeah. Okay. Co-op hopeless look like these this octopus has punching gloves like, all right, cool. Whatever. Oh a gold Dean. Yeah, that's very basic. Rossella. Oh, my hands are flowers. Whoa! My goodness. You can hurt me ghastly. Whatever it is. He's just poop them out every day. We have a reverse rare of Italian and we got a vCard torkoal torkoal V. Yeah, here it is, Buddy. He was going to say about this. Well, thank you guys for taking the time of this episode. We deeply appreciate it next week. We will be all together again. We promised, you know, we all miss you, but we appreciate you. So listen, even when we're not are our three. yourselves you know that you are first one just me and you together yeah I think it went really well the I'm pretty excited and I kind of had to like Rush this episode because I had the review episode plan and then when Scott's like I can't do it I'm like okay I can make this work I could make this work we can do this and was it too much you GAO talk right no you know what I messed up because I want to be like welcome to another exciting episode of poke dads and I want to be like your Yu-Gi-Oh podcast Hey, I've messed up I get so excited that we started that's his second favorite podcast, but we appreciate the love. Make sure you follow us on Spotify maybe believe a five star review on iTunes. We appreciate it five-star five-star gives us a pat on the back and gives us above other podcasts out there so you can be like, oh what is polka dad's all about, you know W, that is super cool. We're on Twitter and we can email. Mail us email you want to be at schools those three people that were just on our episode you can get on this podcast to just email us at Pookie dad's TCG at gmail.com and Sinister voice memo or if you want to get super fancy and leave a voice memo on anchor.com where where our main host is we went we appreciate that too. But as always guys I'm poking. Dad. Rick will be there to hear you guys have a wonderful day evening and afternoon something and I polka dots Scott Scott Scott we love you guys have a wonderful night