Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I guess his he's been married.And he's in the process of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great. He's got Clarity he understands where he went wrong and the relationship. So it's a good email for any guy or girl who's in this kind of situation and I can let go especially being worried about are you two stay together? You're not going to get divorce whatever. It's going to work out as it not would are we are we dating we in a relationship or we separated he just get back to focus on what's most important what just hanging out having fun and hooking up. I'm at the end of the day the It was a play together. We're gonna stay together. So I got a quote that I wrote in this topic and he also talks about Network chiropractic care, which is I'm a huge advocate and fan for and that's what the quote is. Basically about. For those of you that don't know if you go to my website on the right hand column of my website on any page. You're going to see a tab under Network chiropractic care. And if you're on a mobile device and you're on a small screen if you just scroll to the bottom and look for Network Chiropractic Care, there's a couple videos where you can watch. Dr. Donald Epstein who found a network Chiropractic you can watch him demonstrate this On a practice member his and it's just amazing to watch what the body does and how it goes into somatic respiratory wave. It's one of the most amazing healing modalities I've ever experienced and so the quote says now we're chiropractic care, which is also known as NSA which stands for Network spinal analysis is most life-changing and life enhancing healing modality I've ever experienced now I learned about that originally from Tony Robbins, and he said the same exact thing and when it comes to Says coach is life. Coaches. Tony is probably Tony Robbins is the most successful one and the world and the highest paid. He's nobody does if you like going to seminars and having experienced. I highly recommend starting out like his upw walking across doing the firewalk. Those are that's a great introductory event, especially if you got some fears about breaking through barriers things that nature I was applying a partner is I was like 11 years ago feels like yesterday was long time ago great experience met a lot of really amazing people. so the quote continues on what is so amazing about is by making like contacts on your spine and neck and now we're Chiropractic Doctor facilitate your brain reconnecting to all of your body's organs system systems and structure to release all muscle tension vertebrae misalignment and nerve pressure this basically put your body into a peaceful and relaxed State the supports Optimum Health flexibility proper frame and structure alignment and Brain function when human beings are in a peaceful and relaxed State we naturally and instinctively make healthier food choices exercise habits relationship choices career Business Financial and Life Choices. There's also an article that I did probably about three years ago called how to become more confident and sure of your actions, which that should also be listed under the essential fundamentals on my YouTube channel and also under the featured articles. On my website as well where I go in a really extensive detail explain what network Chiropractic does and what it can do to help you and hopefully if there's a level 3 certified Network doctor in your area you go try them out because every one of my clients it's gone and done. It's just fucking it's like a miracle what it can do for you. So he says hey Cory, I don't have a question for you. This is more of a thank-you letter or rather a testimonial first. I wish I had cropped come across you in the early 2000s. Well back in the early 2000s. I was still in real estate. So I wasn't doing what I'm doing. Now. He says I did run across the David DeAngelo material and was disgusted with the mystery method and all that crap after trying it. It was not what I was looking for in came off as fake and inauthentic. It was not congruent with my lifestyle. That's why I like things that I teach about being natural authentic acting like a man going for what you want and if it's not reciprocated, fuck it. I mean really fuck it move on and meet somebody else. That's what most guys and girls do they get hung up on somebody and they project their unreasonable Fantasy on them and they just ignore the reality that the other person is not reciprocating that and then Mei people that I talk to they get hung up on people for years. I mean I used to do that in my early twenties. I get hung up on a girl sometimes two three years. Thinking I'm gonna get my chance when she breaks up with her boyfriend. She breaks it all the way. I'm dating someone so I'm looking. Wow that was quick. I didn't get my chance here. All right. Well, maybe next time. I just gotta do more. For instance. You're like me. Now is I'm facing divorce. I understand what happened and why I was away. I was I'm halfway through reading your book a second time as well as watching an uncountable number of videos. I feel I'm getting Clarity and closure and having no hard feelings towards my wife for her emotional affair. We now hang out have fun and hook up without any of the baggage our previous relationship. Well when you think about it, that's how all Chip start hanging out and having fun hook it up, unless your Ultra religious and conservative and you only believe in having sex and then either in a committed relationship or marriage, whatever. I mean that really that is kind of abnormal to this day. I mean most people and most women are going to sleep with a guy by the second or third day. And if you're really good when we're going to sleep with you on the first date, it's just the way it is human nature. He says it's weird and amazing that it's not so emotionally charged. I mean Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free? I mean you're hanging out you're having fun. You're hook it up. If you get divorced, whatever you're still getting laid and if she decides she doesn't want the divorce and wants to work things out whatever you're in the driver's seat. That's the great that's a best place to be in because either way you can take it or leave it. I still have a ton to learn but I'm in a great place and making huge changes to my life. I do not wallow in misery. Like I did the first six weeks after finding out that's a torturous thing to find out that your girls cheating on you or at least having an emotional affair where it's literally on the verge of becoming a full-blown sexual Affair outside your relationship. That's a tough thing to accept. I mean a lot of guys, I don't react well to that shit. There's plenty of people in the news you hear about those things. They do crazy people do guys do crazy shit when they find out their girls cheating on them or talking to somebody else. Thank you for your perspective. It's greatly appreciated. You are seeing the other amazing thing was getting into NSA. Holy fuck dude. I've only been twice and it's like Miracle work my soon-to-be ex-wife who's extremely skeptical and logical is going on Thursday. That's I guess just like the stuff that I teach in my book. It's like if you don't believe the things I teach you experience it you apply things that I teach you'll see that it works. That's the beauty of network Chiropractic Care the biggest skeptic can go in there and get worked on. I mean sometimes people go and they get worked on two or three times and don't feel anything. It's not till a month later today. It depends on how checked out and disconnected you are from your body, but you know other people that are tend to be open to personal growth and or any healing maybe they've done yoga and things of that nature and so their bodies are Flexible and they're pretty in tune with their physiology. Usually you'll feel something right away. I know I first two or three times. I went. Wow. It's really feels great. I obviously the second or third time I got my my second or third entrainment. I remember getting in my car and I was like 11 years ago at this point. I was like, I had a just my seat. I'm not totally changed everything. Especially get a lot never care. Then you go sit in the air like a seat in the airline you like where it's like, you know, got you all hunched over. It's really not pleasant to sit in those things. But that's how most people's physiology is it Lily keeps you like bent over and hunched over like this when you think about that's that's the physiology of somebody who's depressed and unhappy if you're locked into that, which is most people are that's how you experience the world. But when your chest is out your relaxed your heads back your shoulders are relax. Your arms are comfortably down at your side. I mean think about it. It's like you ever watch boxers and ring. It's like their arms are down to side. They're comfortable. They're not afraid. It's like that's Alpha physiology whether you're an alpha female or an alpha male and you notice other people, especially when you get our Network are they cross their arms, they do things to kind of block people off and it's just Network are especially with the stuff that I Teach if you're shy around women or you feel insecure, you'll get a couple Network are adjustments. You're going to literally feel more confident. If you watch the video, that's also on the homepage actually on every page of my website called from dud to stud in four days. You can watch Dave and Mark. I mean literally can dominate my network Chiropractic Doctor and friend you can watch him and he shows how he's adjusting people how he's adjusting the guys and if you watch them at the beginning of the Video their expression on their face or body language or physiology and how they are by the end of the end of the video. You literally they look happier. Like Davy had been to Iraq and a couple combat tours over there. He was suffering from PTSD. He was smiling. He was relaxed. He was happy and we totally changed everything like a different human being one of my really good friends are my friends with for 25 years. Her daughter has been on a network are for a few months. She's completely different. She said she was bitchy all the time playing grumpy. She's like what's wrong with you? It's like now she dances around the house hugs her sister sweet left completely different person. I mean that's what happened. When when you're in a natural peaceful relaxed State. You're more connected to your heart. You feel more at ease you feel it's like what Einstein said he says, we all human beings all have one fundamental decision that we have to make do I live in a friendly or hostile? reverse And if your physiology is stuck in defense, which is fight or flight response, you're going to be suspicious of other people you're going to have a hard time trusting other people. You're always going to you're not going to feel comfortable hugging people engaging people, but when you feel peaceful and relaxed you're going to it's like you feel one with the world you feel one with everybody you feel happy you feel loving. I mean you still gonna have moments where you feel angry and you pissed off you are going to experience your emotions more authentically than any Any other time in life, it's like literally puts you back in the same kind of physiology that you were when you were real small kids small child before all the shit happened in life that locked you all up and stuck you in a flight or flight response. So he continues on you're absolutely correct. When you say that it's helped you more than any other self-help items without your website. I would have never found it. It's very serendipitous and I am extremely grateful for what you are doing. Keep it up and don't ever stop. Well. Thanks for sharing. Thanks for applying these things and thanks for getting the results and maybe it works out with your wife maybe doesn't but you're in a great place. You're not attached to it either way and that's why you're hanging out having fun and hook it up. And you feel like you got the World by the balls because this is your natural state. Eight you're acting in accordance with your natural masculine Essence. It's beautiful. It's a way it's supposed to be so way the Creator designed us to be. So if you'd like to give my own person to quickest way is to book a paid phone Skype or email coaching session. You could choose any of those options by going to my website clicking the products tab at the top of your screen and just follow the instructions for booking whichever option works best for you, and I will talk to you soon.