Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership.Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually have all of this. What does it mean? We'll figure it out. Let's have it. Welcome back washed up. Walk-Ons fans to this week's episode. Uh sewed of the Pod where I take a moment to remind you guys that none of us are made of the same material that Tristan is and that was pretty much on display from the jump at the combine. That was insane and I'm pretty much a prime example of how how we are not the same because I'm two years out of football and kluwer just put me through to Real Housewives of La workouts. While he's been fired and they both hurt me very badly and Tristan was out just shredding the combine while I could hardly make it through a couple of lunges. So that's pretty much how we're going to start episode 95. Tristan's not a human being and this swash walks podcast. This is a podcast and you're listening to it and Kevin's here Kevin. Hi, what's up? Dude, Kev, I gotta say, you know, I text you this after I initially asked but Drake you'll love to hear this. I I finally got around to texting Kevin about his job like on a serious level and I just sent him a text like hey, shoot me like your three or four pros and cons of your job and I was I was expecting like, you know one ten to twelve words to 10 to 12 words. Kevin sent me back like a full progress report on his first 18 months with Striker Orthopedics. And I was I was like damn this is why this is why Kevin's better than me. He just does yeah, he just is I mean, he's obviously going to be better than you in the business World. He's just that's where his mind is like he's Martin minds are completely different Kevin. He's like got that Directional Focus like that's why he's always late to this podcast because he's like fuck these guys. I'm not worried about these guys time. I'm on my time. Yeah, and so he's making me he's making more money than us. He's more successful than us. But he's also an asshole and he never shows up on time. Yeah every dude. Everybody's making more money than me right now. I've been making unemployment jokes for like a week straight now, it's been great and I just reminded everybody that you got fired again in the intro. So yeah, he's dead. But that was that was good that you brought up. You know, I sent you a couple workouts for those that hey you want me to program some workouts for you offers always on the table, you know, hit me up you can you can hit me at Tyler - kluever at live.com or just DM me if you want to hurt a little bit I can program you anything from CrossFit to bodybuilding to hit workouts to body weight anywhere from six to sixty five seventy minutes and I can make it hurt or I can make it whatever you want and I can charge the fuck out of you for it. Drake text me today and said hey, I want to hurt and he gave me a couple movements. And so I was like, all right, I can make you hurt pretty bad. But it did it hurt bad you how's your ankle doing? It's not great wouldn't wouldn't be not great when it's a good time to start putting together this CTE disability lawsuit against the University of Iowa. So I'm going to combine the fact that I for sure have CTE and also the fact that like my back is completely fucked and I still can't walk right and I'm just going to like combine it all and try and get the university to pay me a couple bucks. What basis I don't know man. It's going to be down the road once once I figure it out, he's still putting it together. We're in the real early. Process so this okay. This brings me to my next question for those watching on the YouTube version whether that's a week after this episode came out on audio or if you're one of those lucky patreon subscribers shout out you get to do this on day one that this podcast goes live. Why are why are you dressed like your security agent? I'm John Wick. First of all, okay, that's some respect. On me. Secondly. I just decided that this podcast could use some extra flavor and we didn't have a guest. So there's no extra flavor to this episode we suck at this shit in the offseason. So I'm like, hey man, I'm just going to start coming to these podcasts address sporadically just you never know. I'm going to show up but sometimes it's going to be kind of funny and I don't know. Okay, so I questioned are you wearing pants too or you just ask some shorts on or you just Showing off for the camera as you put the whole suit on come on, you know, I'm doing it like Shaq does or Charles Barkley on TNT. I've got sweat pants underneath dicks out the Exile beneath the camera. So, all right. So Drake is hurting but dress like a dress to impress man. My mom told me that a woman goes crazy for a Sharp Dressed Man and I'm all about picking up rich MILF. So I'm just hoping that this video may be on Twitter or Instagram. Or you know, maybe Rich MILFs listen to our podcast if it finds its way to any of them and it would like a Sharp Dressed Man. I'll even get a haircut make sure my face is shaved. You know, it's like the bachelor. I'm not going to speak for the rich MILFs, but I'm not sure the John will be John Wick look is the one that they're going after. Hey, it's okay. It was a start it's better than you did. Today, I'm not going to speak for the rich you ever you ever imagined you'd utter those words in that order never thought I'd had to but give a drake made me never that's a new one. We're not going to speak for the rich MILFs on this podcast. All right. Well, the one thing that is happening, that's any where relevant Iowa football or this podcast right now is we have five former teammates and brothers and Hawkeyes that are either done or currently finishing up. Their time at the NFL combine 2020 in Indianapolis, Indiana your boys made an appearance one time there and we will leave it at that dude. Can we bring up the fact that the food after the game was absolutely horrible, and we're trying we're just wandering around in Annapolis in the freezing cold. Trying to find a bite to eat at 3:00. In the morning. Yeah, like I was not a good situation. We had just lost the Big Ten championship and we couldn't get any food. I do not remember what we got after that. So we ate like we ate like we eat like prisoners we ate like you don't remember Fed was that we just got the prisoner treatment. So we got we got beat in the fourth quarter the Big Ten Championship. If you're new to this podcast that we were part of that and then we got on the bus now Not only was one of the worst days are not only did we have to wait on the bus for way too long to go seven point seven five miles back to our hotel. Like I could have lost a lot of guys were no was it bow and Josie got left? I don't know those. He got left could have had back to the hotel could have walked back and made it back much faster. But we got fed, like cold meat sandwiches that you wouldn't give to if your kids got it served to them at grade school. You be like, come on like your school needs a better. Yeah, you'd hate for better than this you'd be asking where the funding for your for your kids meals were coming from so I don't know all I do remember is that somebody was like next time we're back here. We're going to make sure the shit is fixed and I just knew like I when I heard that one of the staff said that and I was like fuck we're never coming back here because they Jinx was that was like one of those. Yeah, like dude. You don't say that man. You don't Talib talk about his coming back here when we're talking about cold meat sandwiches anyway. Kev I'm surprised you can stake at Chick-fil-A that night Michigan State and I'll bet they got double spicy didn't get spicy. They got double crispy got double crispy, but they probably didn't get Chick-fil-A to pray God like prime rib and LJ Scott. Was it Mark? Dantonio paying his players aren't we the 2015 Big Ten champs, you know, we have had a couple people tweeted us about that shirts, man. I want my I don't want it. Even if we are I don't want it because I don't want something cheap like that. I know Kevin wouldn't accept it either. Give me my shirt. All right, it's key that would hurt. Anyway inside of that Stadium Lucas Oil. We had some had some boys going to work and Drake open the podcast with talking about probably the biggest boy the big the biggest voice and that's What he is, he's just a big fucking kid. Is he the biggest freak at the combine this year? No, Isaiah Simmons. I tzimmes. Okay that was fucking unreal what he that was unbelievable to and then lets you know what let's start there. I'm gonna pull up I'm gonna pull up what he did Isaiah Simmons was one of the most incredible combines I've ever seen. So there's just people who Our build of different materials, right? And okay. Tristan is absolutely a cheat code, right? So Him and this I see a guy they're built from the same material whatever whatever. Yeah, whatever biomechanic bio material. This is that they're made of they're built from it. He is a he is a d end. Well, he really is whatever you want him to be from Clemson know he's a linebacker defensive back. I know but did he play like five different positions at this he played? Yeah, but he's between he's a hybrid D-Back line, but he's gonna be a linebacker in the NFL. He is 6 3 240 pounds and he ran a four three nine 40-yard dash. Which and then he brought jumped 11 feet, right? 39, right? Like he shut the whole place down. He can't even run the second 40 dude. He's literally did the D on Sandra Dee ran out of the building. Yeah. He did the Brandt gressil. We gotta get bring this podcast. So Isaiah. Is it another freak, but second to maybe Isaiah Simmons our guy Tristan worse. Which we all knew. I mean if you go back to that episode where Drake and I got to talk to Tristan while he's training. Kevin wasn't able to make it for that one. But we knew that this guy was going to just go and tear up the combine and I don't understand I guess why no one else saw that the whole thing about him not having it not being enough Elite athlete when I saw that I was so mad. I'm like, what do these guys get paid for they fucking Suck at their job. That was one guy who said that I think I don't think there's any other Pro analyst that had that take there was just one guy. Yeah, you know probably just running out of things to say about people and there was I saw it from two different accounts to separate draft and analysts to counter draft. Sources every year when they when this comes along they set it and then everybody obviously took that and ran with it because our guy Tristan I want to do them right here. So I'll pull up his official stuff. He he did 24 reps on the bench. Let's it we're going to break this down a little bit. I want to go over kind of the combine in our thoughts on the actual test that they do just to get get your guys thoughts on And how they actually translate what they actually mean but our guy before we break it down six five three hundred twenty pounds 24 reps on the bench, press four point eight five seconds on the 40-yard dash Thirty at the might drop right there. You just pause. Yeah, drop them thirty six and a half inch vertical and 10:1 broad jump. So first of all, Kevin was right when I when we were texting the group whoever's with it was either Kevin or you whoever it was that said that the broad jump was the most important or the most impressive was right? Because the fact that he could get 320 pounds over 10 feet. My head is on the floor. I don't think I'm a part of that text messages. No one has added me back to moose poop puke yet because I was sharing about that. I've left I left for like two weeks and I was going to say Thing but then I haven't had it. So yeah, I let that for the listeners. The Benton Savages text message group got absolutely wild and more insane than it's ever gotten. It's no longer the Benton Savages it the the name of the of the group went from Benton Savages to most puke at one point and I don't there are some other names. Stu but it got so rowdy and disgusting that I left the group. I just left it and so I didn't actually talk about it with you all in a conversation other than just the Twitter conversation that was going on over social media and all that. I have to say the broad jump is actually insane and I'll say this if you watch If you watch the broad jump for a big man to move in the middle of the air once he's off the ground for him to pull his lower body and catch himself. He arched just like they teach the right the long jumpers and stuff at that beautiful 325 320 pounds then to just perfectly time it and catch himself to get ultimate distance and then stay on his feet and stick it and make it official. Absolute insanity, but sanity you can say the same thing for a 36 and a half inch vertical jump. I mean dude jumped higher than 2 to the 2 most elite receivers in the draft Jerry Judy and CD lamb. He had higher versus in both of them. I think they both just absolutely Bonkers because you've got a hundred and thirty pounds on them. Just like when you watch his 40 dude when you watch Is 40 the way he moves. Yeah, it's it's like So Graceful dude his stride looked so like picturesque. So it was perfect. I was shocked that he was that smooth. He you look at the guy in your like and you hear it on the on the film if you watch Rich Eisen goes and that's Insanity Insanity because the real and you didn't even need to see you don't even need to see a time you don't need A time. All right. Fuck the four eight five. I don't care what you was moving down the line like he was looking like he would Hawk somebody when you watch somebody run you can tell you know, that guy's athletic or not. We gave we gave shit to Lima all the time about it. We had a strength coach and he we talked about in a couple weeks ago. He the way here and it's just like man, you just naturally there's better athlete. There than you and Tristan's at the top of that level at 320 pounds to move so smoothly and effortlessly down a 40-yard stretch at four eight five seconds. I mean I ran for nine two I don't know what you guys ran Drake. You pulled a hamstring Kev you ran for six nine or something for seven one four seven four. So you have something around there. I mean Tristan is coming in a hair after Kevin basically in real time like it's disgusting and you got to remember dude those combine timings are rough like yeah sometimes don't run. Well at the combine they didn't get his long to try. In and for a guy like Tristan, he played a lot of snaps this year. So like he was coming off a full season of work on his legs shortened period of time like that is craziness. I want to and then 24 reps on the bench press which was actually the first number that came out and I want to talk about that because at first people were like, wow, he's that's that's a bad start like that's underperforming. And so now this is where I want to get into we're going to talk about other guys. As well, but obviously Tristan's the talking point here. What does a bench mean for a guy at the combine? What does a 40 mean for a guy at the combine? And I guess where I would start with that is it means different things for different positions. It definitely means a whole lot for different positions. Not one drill out of the the vertical the 40 the bench. There's you know, there's no three-cone on here for AJ and them I have their numbers on some of that but not one specific drill a hundred percent translates to you. Are you aren't a good football player. I mean not even close, you know, and then the 225 pound bench drill is stupid for an offensive lineman because like who really cares how many times you can like block a safety? Let's see how many times you can you know bench. A lot if you want to do a strength test like that. Well, it's also the way I described it to somebody who was in an argument with some Cyclone fan about how the Long Snapper for I was stated in 19 and Tristan 224 is like great you have these two data points, but what a bench test is is a very very concentrated controlled specific movement where you are on your back. There's a lot of ways to get reps and cheat the movement. A the even if it was like a perfect test the strength doesn't technically relate to what you're going to be seeing because you're going to be on your feet when you're playing offense of line. You're using your lower body. You're using the your you're using the connection between your lower body and your upper body, which a better movement to see how that translates is a hang clean. By the way, he hang cleans 454 for and I told the guy was like I did to less reps than Tristan did but I guarantee Tristan throws me five yards in the air on a football field and what you see on on tape from Tristan worth speaks for itself. So there there's not a coach that smart us a scout. That's smart that gives a fuck that Tristan worse did 24 reps at the combine. So the bench is of rough gauge to measure upper body strength. Is it in this, you know? Flawed obviously very, you know, you get as an offensive lineman you get above 20 awesome day everybody care about that if you get below 20, it looks bags you probably not that strong as you want to be above 20 cool. They just check a box and that's all they really need right now in the same way that Christians bench probably doesn't translate that much to him playing offensive line. Tristan running a four eight five also doesn't a hundred percent really Late to him playing a line. It doesn't matter everything everything in the four eight five was about the way it looked right how smooth he was and just them being able to see like wow. This is the way that this specimen actually moves. Right? Well, I mean that in the two jumps just show like how explosive he is and how I can get off the ball real quick and defensive line, right? Absolutely. That's the stuff they're looking for the and then they care about what he does in the actual drills house this feet move. Can he move his feet his hands the same time? Yeah. How does he just lost his he just look athletic. Does he look like he has heavy feet and know he fucking killed the on-field drills to exactly he fucking he murdered Pro. He murdered the 20. He's a 21 year old kid who's not a powerlifter that has an unbelievable lower body strength and just isn't like a bench presser. Who cares he has long like long arms, right? Hey guys. Yep, it's me. Again. Got to interrupt the episode real quick to talk to you guys about Spotify one of the sponsors of this podcast on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now. Yeah, we're on Spotify. I don't know how we did that but pretty cool other things you can do on Spotify is Is follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are and you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for wash up Walk-Ons on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow us so that you never miss an episode of The Wash of Balkans. I think we're I think this where this comes back to is he's maybe one of and we've we've seen a lot Kevin we're all in the strength industry or we kind of were in it for a while. We saw a lot of we know what Elite D1 numbers are for all the major lifts. Kevin was literally a strength coach intern for a summer. So he was immersed in that world for you know, for three four months. It was our interest. We all know a lot about it. I'm personally into to I know I follow all types of weightlifters crossfitters all this stuff out of all the people I've ever seen and I'm aware of like the best in each one of these categories in the world. Tristan is up there as maybe one of the most athletic people on the planet for how big he is and what he can do just all around and that's why it's funny because those people put out that he's doesn't possess Elite athleticism. So I'm glad he shut him up man. Yeah, the you know, he's it is what it is. He's going to be a hit. You know, it's nice to have a you know, social media blow up because regardless of you know, the coaches that I also told somebody this on Twitter. I think that 84 most players 80 to 90% of what coaches and Scouts want to see from 80 to 90 percent of players is You know when they come to the complex during the year their Scouts, what are the coaches say about them? What do they hear about him from other guys that know shit in the industry. What does he say? And how does he act in the interviews at the combine all of them? So yeah, what is the tape say all of that plays a much bigger factor into what into if they're going to like him as a prospect or not rather than these numbers. I think what is combine did was Put him in the top 10 that's my prediction for sure. I mean and like Clover said, you know the tape doesn't lie. The tape said says 10 times more than anything else ever could is how good of a football player you are interesting put on some pretty damn good tape or last couple years and all this combine did was cement that he was an unbelievable athlete is going to have no problem competing in the NFL level. So yeah, he's absolutely top ten pick. He's a top ten pick coming in. He might even be a top five pick now. What that would be insane so to then Sheriff went top five or six he gave he went v v. Yeah when he went V and that was so sick our guy qb1 number for Nate Stanley started off the weekend for our guys at the combine Nate big dick Nate. They didn't list his dick measurement measurement. So they must have forgot to uh, yeah, they just I think the coach is all new. So they just didn't measure it or I'm not sure they were compression shorts, right 6-4 to 35 12 inch dick 10 10 inch hands 10-inch hands is Big quarterback hand size. They some people do look into that Joe Burrows thinking about retiring. Yeah, he's gonna retire for eight one for our guy named Stanley. Not bad. Moving man people think he's slow slow. They said he couldn't get out of the pocket for 8 1 isn't slow man. Dude. I told you sneaky fast long legs. I mean, he's a big guy. He's a big guy for a quarterback to yeah is four four eight one on the 40 again, you know for a quarterback position, maybe the yeah the 40 does matter a little bit more for quarterback than it does for no lineman, but does it matter a hundred? It's a nice feather in his cap knowing that he's a big pocket passer and that's what he kind of. His hat on but right at the end of the day he can get out there and run for it 128 and a half on the vert. You really could probably give a fuck what a quarterback jumps a hundred and eight inches on the broad jump, which is 9 feet you feed even nine feet, which is fine. Seven two six three cone. Pretty damn good. That's really good. Pretty damn good for a quarterback for for a 20-yard shuttle. It's not bad. It's okay. Knock doesn't hurt him. And then I think obviously for the quarterbacks you're looking at what they can do on the field and I didn't think so. There's some greatest just going back to what we said earlier, you know different test mean different things for different positions comma and quarterbacks. How do you throw right, you know, all you ran a good 40 cool. That's a nice, you know added plus how do you throw? That's all they care about? Well, yep, just a feather in their cap. And I think Nate looks really good throwing he all this stuff has come about out about him working with his quarterback coach and changing up his mechanics a little bit or just tightening them down and he looks smooth. I didn't get to watch but he looks smooth on the couple highlights that I saw. I really think that his whole goal of becoming this year's Daniel Jones and just having one team fall in love with him. Yeah. I don't think he's going to be a first round pick by any means and sneaking up there somewhere, but I think he wherever he is. Drafted I think just give them a chance and I think he's got a real shot. That's my thoughts. It's got all the tools. He's got the arm. He's got the brains. He's got it enough F What It Takes man in the NFL that's exactly what it takes. There's some Brilliant Minds there that can spend 12 hours a day with their quarterbacks. And I mean, he has the tools AJ happened Nessa. Took the field on Saturday. While I was at a wedding, which is why we're recording this in the afternoon on Sunday because I had to drive back from a wedding. I was tired of shit. I was actually sleeping. I fell asleep on the guys when they were to like they're like, hey, let's go get the podcast go that way. It's Kevin and is the one that sleep on the podcast job, but today was you but then it was him too because he was still last. Yeah. So AJ took the field six five 275. I really freaked like I don't know why but I never pictured AJ as this big dude, like massive. He was obviously big like he's AJ, but I never saw him is like yeah, he's not a big Bruiser dude. He's just the best hands feet pass rusher that is in the draft great, but he's still 6 5 to 75 like the man ate small. He will by no means he's just not Chris warmly. No a 504 40-yard dash now again, we just said it's what you do on the field most of it but this did surprise me just straight up if you're just like I don't care how good at football he is how fast do you think a Japanesse runs a 40 be like, well, he's definitely under five and said like four eight four eight five five four eight as well. Maybe 45 right 504. I mean that's slower than all three of us. I mean Drake pulled his hamstring, so I still ran faster than that guy. What did you finish a 471? Okay. So the 40 means a little bit more for defensive end than it does for an offensive lineman. Obviously a defensive end like those are probably some of the freakiest athletes in the NFL and you know, if you want to pressure NFL quarterback against the NFL offensive tackle, you kind of got to be a freaky athlete so they do take some stock in that and I'm sure AJ wasn't happy with that and that's probably I'm gonna hurt him a little bit. But again at the end of the day hook what he did on tape. Look what he did against some of the best tackles in college football man. He can play it's yeah, it's all about he does so, you know, the things that you know, AJ really didn't put up an impressive number his broad jump was really good, you know, 10 feet almost he, you know, his vert was 32 and a half. Nothing crazy good vertical explosive 17 reps on bench, press. I mean I had Better fucking combine than a Japanesse. A' let's just be honest. Hey Japanesse. Those are also a key just said he's a lot bigger than you. Okay this yeah. This is a good point. This is a good point numbers. Here's the way that I described it to my buddy. He's like dude. Why did AJ only get 17 on the bench. You know, he like Hawkeye fan just kind of like dude how and I was just like, you know, it's underperforming what I thought he was going to get for sure. But at the same time Time he's kind of like Tristan. He's a 21 year old kid who has never been known as a Bruiser. You know what I mean? He's just a great defensive lineman and I was like, you know, he's a little less strong. I thought he was but he's just a young kid still he has a ton of growing yet to do right so lets him. There's like weight room guys guys who like kill it in the weight room. Yeah, you know, they could be good on the field. They could be bad off the field but there's guys they just kill in the weight room. Yeah. I couldn't wait room and I kind of sucked sure. Yeah case in point. Anyway, there's also guys who just aren't really good in the weight room, but you put them on the field you put them in pairs and they can just play so I'm not saying AJ was never great in the weight room, but he you know, his numbers were. Just average for for a defensive end I'd say which is okay. Yes pass rushing numbers weren't average past session numbers were not ever. I got you put them in a three point stance and he can get around anybody on the goddamn Penny putting in a four-point and he looks real good. It looks real right. Yeah, but he was not a guy who squatted a house. He wasn't a guy who you know, you put two waitresses on a chair and he could bench press them. He's you know, some guys just have the The factor the it Factor when you get them on the field, so then that was AJ, they can play showed up. He showed up freshman year and he could rush the passer and that's just what he's good at him. He's got Samoan or whatever in his blood some of that Rousseau and his blood and That carries and I mean that's just the one thing like you can measure numbers all you want and like your keyboard Warriors who love stats and love analytics can sit there and be like, oh, I knew it had questions about AJ, you know didn't know slow start to his senior season, you know the numbers right there. They tell the whole story is just not he's just not what people think he is and it's just like Junior season. It's like, all right. All right Junior season. Okay. Well, there's a lot of coaches who? And look at guys and they're just like they just understand that some guys can play football and there is nothing at the combine that tests if you're good at like just an overall stat of like hey what one out of ten is this guy good at football because AJ he's they all get a very high scores about a 10 on that scale and there's just nothing that the test that some there's going to be somebody that falls in love with AJ and he's going to rush the passer for fucking ten years and somebody's Falling in Love. Him in the first round, there's no doubt about it just because just because he isn't that fast and isn't a power lifter doesn't mean that somebody doesn't want him lined up like Nick Bosa did for the 49ers because I mean Elite past righteous are hard to find they are you know, and not to I mean, he did not have a good combine him. I'm sure he'll look to bounce back at pro day. But that it is unfortunate. It is unfortunate these these tests do Factory in because the Heap I did lose some money this way he met Lost, you know, maybe one or two teams now that we're thinking about drafted him back off and maybe choose somebody else but I still don't think he slips out of the first round and the other nice thing is you can always get you know, I think a lot of days or a lot of times these days coaches do take stock in. Hey, maybe you come to the the combine and you know, Josie went to the combine and he described the process there pokin and proddin you for for five days straight. You're up early. For interviews. I mean it is not a if you're talking about a nosy said it was like the worst two days of his life if you talk for sure. If you're talking about an environment where you're looking for someone to perform. This isn't to say that people can't go out and do it because obviously they do Tristan did it. But if you're looking at an environment where you know, you're primed to perform at your best the combine really isn't the place to do it. Like I'm a spot like pro day where you know, it's kind of on your own time. It's toils going to be able to control the tempo and the the flow of that. There's a there's an order exactly when they know where when they're going to go. What they're going to do Doyle's going to have them primed up on every single lift and run that they're about to do with the exact warm-up. They need to AJ could come out and have a bomb ass. Pro day at I and I was City and be right back up to where people thought he was going to go. I mean and again all this it's none of its black-and-white some team could have decided midseason. They're like this a Japanesse kid. We just fucking love this guy or drafted him doesn't matter what he does like as long as he doesn't absolutely bomb out or do something stupid off the field were drafted him because we just have a feeling that's the thing character through the roof with this guy too. Yeah it just I mean They're going to add all those coaches. They talk to Doyle. They talked to Coach ference and guys like AJ and Tristan and Nate. They all get the highest praise and everybody takes into account what the coat what the coaches at Iowa have to say about those guys. So and then today we have we have two more will finish it up with OJ and OJ killed OJ only increases stock run for 4 5 4 5 4 OJ on the 40. I don't think he bench press yesterday. day, I saw Gino hit 12 reps on the bench, which For safety, it's a weird. I don't know if you want to talk about it Kev for safeties in the draft. It's like I guess for some of them if your strength is questioned, if you can step up and hit 10 plus reps on the bench, press is that like a nice little hey, I'm not I'm not skinny boy like well, I feel like anyone who gets invited to combine. Who's not a kicker should hit 225 for at least ten. Yeah, how much stock do they put in? I honestly couldn't tell you if it does that's a warrant. No, your safety does a bench press really translates how you play on the field? Not at all. Not a ton hit at least 10 cool, right? Awesome man with Gino. It's another one of those things. It's kind of like a Desmond thing like they done on tape. Does it look like the guy can play football? Does it look like he know know what he's doing is he? Is he making football plays that are just Instinct. He's he's moving somewhere before he even knows what's happening just because he knows what's going on. On inside his genes inside his bones. He just knows football Gino's one of those guys OJ is I mean, you don't you don't want to run 55 and 60 s next OJ. Let me tell you that. I didn't know he was that good of an athlete though, dude. I ain't no use for four or five fast. I really didn't I didn't know Top Line speed either cause he played so well this year and the fact that he had his senior tape and round four four five. That's big. Now. Let's talk about you know, now we're to a position where that 40 now that shit matters 40 matters pretty matter and you're running routes or covering right? You got a receiver run in four three, five, four four on a DB that might be running for you know, DB goes out and shows that the combine he runs four five five four six. Now you're now you're in a bad spot because that's a step or two when you're running go routes. You know, that's that's not what a team wants to see now again, when you put the pads on some people play different you put those pads on some people aren't affected. Some people are you just got to go prove? I've been fucking Jake your bosses in the NFL. I mean That's a another mic drop kluwer. Jake ain't fast boys. Nope. It's where we're at with that was just it Jake just take so many unwarranted shots in this podcast needlers. Well, not unwarranted nothing at Jakes or whatever unwarranted, you know, and he's playing safety. It's different corner corner is the maybe one of the only positions were 40 actually matters and even then a so much has to go with your release. Can you get a Hands-On a guy? You know that fucks a it's different when you're running a 40 with nobody on you as opposed to OJ's got his hands on you. That gives him a little bit. So what would your coverage called be if your boss was playing Corner against Julio? I mean, it's just a go route every single time and if you don't convert at least 85% of them like I don't know he had a quarterback. Oh my God, that like what what type of question is that Drake? I don't want to know well situation you would call if you were the defensive coordinator. What coverage would I call? That was my have to have Jake at cornerback? Yes against Julio is the towel boy hurt or what? You're trying to get the manager Hey. Listen, man. I'm just trying to do, you know like a little Mary for decay. Kill, this is just like the the football version. So if I have to have Jake Josh playing cornerback over Julio Jones going to play 20 yards off. I'm going to play cover to man. So, yep, the cornerback plays inside and underneath the receiver while the safety plays over the top you better hope that you also you don't also have Jake and safety because he is Julio Julio would be to was that like at least six. He filed for Julio also wins against guys that look like Julio. So and Gervais looks like the fucking drive through a tendon at Checkers. So I mean that just is what it is. Whoa, he can you just got slaughtered. I mean, it's just what it is Gino Gino and OJ have yet to finish their going to run three cone. All this all this other stuff. I imagine that Gino and OJ both do really well on. All those it'll be interesting to see what do you guys I mean, where do we finish this? Well, I think Tristan obviously did nothing but help himself we talked about Justin's done testing. He's gonna walk in on Pro Day take a couple hand nice little chocolate milk, and you know get measured get weighed do some interviews. Yeah, that's about it. AJ's going to go out and try and prove a few things which it which you know again, even if he dropped a couple spots, he's still a first rounder. I think Nate did what he as a quarterback Nate did what he had to do Nate's gonna you know for Nate it's a huge part of his shit is they're gonna go in that meeting room and flip on the film and ask him questions about you know, what's he seeing coverage was what's this check here? What's all this stuff? They want to know? What's up in Nate's brain. You can't and I'm sure they're going to want to see him throw again. Yeah, they want to see him throw of watching our quarterbacks throw and then 4 OJ and Gino, you know it some of the some of the DB stuff is exciting. They want to see him on Receiver. They want to see him back pedal. They want to know what's in those guys is head to that's where both those guys Excel. I don't know. I don't know about OJ or you know, I'd like to say that all of our guys are fifth round or better but I also don't have shit. I think OJ's helped him OJ's definitely getting drafted now for sure. It'll be interesting to see how Gino here tests. He's kind of like an owner was guys are You know not a huge weight room guy doesn't put up freaky numbers. I don't even know if he's going to run freaking numbers, but you put them on the field and put them in pads. You can go and hit a fucker and you can yeah. I just I just hope that his on-field his film is just enough, you know, we talked about it back when he declared. He was the one guy that I'm never going to speak for my teammates, but as an outsider separating myself from being one of his former teammates and a Hawkeye fan like The one guy that I worried about like could we have stayed another year and maybe got a little more on field and and all that but he's here now and it's time to go ball. So let the kid ball that's about it. We're going to record Another podcast here in a few hours with a very special guest. Hope that one goes. Well Drake. Are you still going to be dressed as fucking know man? I'll have a totally different outfit on it. Okay, probably much more relaxed this time. I might show up in like a banana. Costume or something? Well, alright. Well, that's a draft recap from 3D white guys in Iowa or from Iowa who didn't go to the combine didn't play in the NFL and don't have anything to do with any kind of sports at all anymore. So congratulations for wasting 46 of your minutes, and we love if you laughed at all then it was worth it and the Jervis Checkers comment was good enough. And you know congratulations episode 96 see you in the next Walk-Ons out like you guys are not going to listen because you're waiting for us to say a bunch of students is what we do.