You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous language assistant in Chile. Hello, I'm Mahalia. I'm based in Mexico City and I've been running the language assistance program here in Mexico for the past three years. Hello. I'm Anna. I'm based in the Manchester office and working as part of the British councils Global Gender and inclusion team, and I was also Also a language assistant many years ago in Chile and a quick introduction to who I am. My name is Lola and I work on the francophone remit in the language assistance team. So Anna, if you could start by laying down the foundations of today's topic and discussion with some definitions of gender and gender equality that will be discussing within the program and on a wider scale. Yes. So as many of you will be aware gender is a very complex nuanced and loaded term. But and for the purposes of today when we talk about gender we are essentially referring to the socially constructed. Expect a Shinzo Abe's beliefs and Norms attributed to girls were men boys and men which I learnt from families and friends in the home school the community workplace as well as the media religion government and culture and crucially gender differs from sex. And so this term when we talk about sex refers to the biological differences between women and men for example, the fact that women can reproduce going back to gen. Are these socially constructed ideas affect the roles and responsibilities that men and women assumed at different stages and spheres of Life they change over time and can vary greatly with in different cultural contexts and they can often start and be reinforced with in the classroom. So it's really important particularly for those who are working in education and it's also important to mention gender identity. So this is a very topical Shave the moment in most parts of the world and when we talk about gender identity, this is what a person feels themselves to be regardless of their biological body. So transgender people for example, often feel they are trapped within the wrong body. And these groups can also face considerable stigma and discrimination because of not adhering to society's expectations of what is deemed masculine or feminine. So again, very closely linked to those Has gender stereotypes norms and behaviors. So all of those expectations around gender affect all of us no matter how we identify and then when we talk about gender equality, this is an understanding of when women and men girls and boys, enjoy the same status in society had the same entitlements to all human rights. Enjoy the same level of respect in the community can take advantage of the same. To make choices about their lives and have the same amount of power to shake the outcomes of these choices. It doesn't mean that women and man or girls and boys are the same and gender inequality can impact negatively on men women and anyone who identifies as neither great. Thank you so much Ellen that provided such a helpful and important background to the topic and the importance as well to be really conscious of it. Not only through the ways that we work but also through the language we use so bringing the focus back to the program and Kina has a short quiz for us followed by some quick stats on the language assistance program. So Kina over to you. Okay, so our language assistance program runs in 14 countries across the world. So we send English language assistance out of 14 countries, and we receive modern language assistance from those working countries in the UK. So the 14 countries that He worked with our Argentina Austria Belgium Canada, Chile China Colombia Ecuador. France Germany. Italy Mexico, Spain and Switzerland and in Switzerland that's broken down into German speaking and french-speaking Switzerland. So all of those 14 countries, which do you guys think are the top three which have the closest to a 50/50 gender split amongst the language. Persistence. I'm not sure I would think potentially one of them could be China and then Ecuador and Germany. Okay, Dahlia any thoughts and thing that China Germany and Spain? Okay and Anna. I don't know. I also think China and I probably agree with maybe Germany and potentially another. Country in South America. Okay. So from the English language assistance that we have in country just now so 2019-20 the country who has the highest percentage of male language assistance is german-speaking Switzerland at 67% men the second Anna Edge give you about half a bike for this. So Argentina is 40% men. So you a liturgy our country in Latin America. So I was good and one that you are guest is China at 39 percent men. So 39% of the English language assistance that we have in China are men. So I also wanted to mention the three countries who have the lowest percentage of men their teaching English. So joint bottom is Canada and France with 22% and Germany, It's all three of you guessed is only at 28 percent. So now I'm going to move on to the statistics throughout the English language assistant and modern language assistant program. So going back to 2015, which is the earliest that we have the data the modern language assistance that we brought to the UK. We had 20 percent men and 80% women, which is pretty much in line with what we I have now so in the current year, we have 18 percent men and 82 percent women and this obviously differs between the countries for the English language assistance. We back in 2015. We had 25 percent men and 75 percent women which has now changed slightly shifted a little bit to 30% men and 70% women so there has been a little shift but nothing too significant. So we want to take a look at the reasons why this is so looking at language learning in the UK. So as you said we're gonna move on slightly closer to home. So we're going to quickly discuss the findings of to recently commissioned reports from the British Council exploring language education in England. So the first of which is an annual report about language Trends by trees a tingly inside. 2019 through exploring language uptake of primary GCSE and a-level. The study concludes that attention is needed at both ends of the educational system and love time needs to be allocated to languages and key stage 3 in order to address both short and longer-term challenges. There are huge inconsistencies and practice Across The primary sector and a lack of systematic information, which means that secondary schools don't have a secure basis on which to build language learning and key stage 3 and then The second report which is entitled boys studying modern foreign languages at GCSE in schools in England by Bob Ingalls and Theresa. Tingly which was from this year highlights the extent to which voices rate of entry and entertainment in language subjects are consistently below those of girls. They concluded that factors which put boys off can be grouped around the rejection of old-fashioned grammar didactic lessons for too much teacher talk writing textbooks and an emphasis on Perfection. However, Study also looks at correlating factors and practices of State schools, which have beaten the odds to increase participation for boys and the key takeaways from this report include the fact that firstly the three main reasons why schools recruit a higher than expected proportion of boys into languages of the structure of the curriculum Senior Management policies and the teaching approaches. They employ yet contrary to what you may expect this study deduce that these particular successful schools had no strong. Bias towards the number of male teachers or specific languages that were on offer. And in terms of this study Zone recommendation, if we look at it firstly on a macro level they recommended that there needs to be more research on this topic the government needs to clarify its position and the importance of Senior Management and the practices they can Implement to help encourage voice uptake and attainment also on a societal level moving away from stereotyping coding languages, maybe as a female subject. And the micro level looking at teaching itself ways and methods of teaching representation and role models and in particular extracurricular activities and encouragement. So that was just a brief overview to the recent studies, which I think are really important and now Kina you've looked at the gender imbalance we have on our program and we've looked in the UK. However, I think it's quite interesting to see if this does correlate through to our partner countries and countries elsewhere in terms of the language. Learning itself. Yeah. So first of all looking at other countries where English is the first language or English as the official language Australia reports of similar situation to the UK with boys dropping out once language learning is no longer compulsory in school and seeming to lose enthusiasm before that now just a quick look at countries who are learning English as a second language. So in France recent studies from The Academy of Strasbourg have stated, that girls are Twice as likely as boys to speak a third language of the language assistance sent out by our French Partners to teach French in other countries 77 percent of those are women according to France education International in 2019 in Belgium. The were alone Ian Institute for evaluation forecasting and statistics did some research in 2018 into University education, and there are higher number of women to men. Studying languages and literature. So 75% of those students are women now moving on to Latin America. So I was quite surprised by these results in 2015 British Council surveyed 1,000 people in each of the five Latin American countries that we work with so Ecuador reported that 55 percent of women who responded to the survey where English Learners compared to 44 percent of men and in Mexico. Sixty-three percent of the female respondents had said that they previously studied English and sixty percent of the male respondents. That's just a small snapshot but there are so many countries. We haven't looked at in these statistics and in this podcast and they definitely should be looked at. I think it's something that's really important to engage with be looking at countries around the world approaches around the world and we really encourage everyone to investigate in your own country and elsewhere to see the trends. So Anna and Dalia, let's see from you first of all, do these sir? Six surprise you and secondly do they correlate with your own experience in terms of particularly country ones or just in general in terms of where there is an imbalance will start with you I Le and thanks very much. So I think in terms of languages being a female-dominated set to that something that certainly resonates with my own experience having studied languages almost 20 years ago now, but I think that it's interesting that with in the UK that's not change its interesting to reflect on some of the international examples and think about how language learning particularly English language learning I guess is linked to employability. So I wonder if we've maybe seen some changes in terms of my own experience of working as an English language assistant in Chile. I think that in my case most of the students that I taught English to were men because I was teaching at A technical institute where the subjects tend to be studied by men. And again, there are some gender equality issues around there. So things like Engineering Management and number of subjects, which traditionally men have studied globally and that may have changed since I was there but that certainly was the case at the time and then both myself and the other English language s distant in that Institute were both females. So I think that was an interesting kind of dynamic at play in the classroom. Whereas I knew male language assistance who were teaching in institutes, which perhaps are more focused the same kind of chain of educational institution, but a different campus where the focus was around more Arts and Humanities subjects things like tourism which again were very female-dominated. So I think that that balanced and should but you know in both If you have large numbers of men and women studying English language, that's really interesting to hear from your perspective. If we go to Dalian out because Mexico is near to the United States English has always been something that we are very aware that it's important and crucial to not only go and have a good job or also. It opens a lot of opportunities could be Channel or personal opportunities, at least I think that in every Mexican family. There's someone that it's living in the US or in other country. So the influence that we have of English permeates across all society and all levels of Education. I completely agree with what Anna was saying there is a lot of Gender disparities in stem areas. There's a very large number of male students that are focusing on that and more on the humanity side of 30s. There's other females, but I think that one of the most important aspects that I would like to highlight is that for example, the British Council is doing a lot of work related to female empowerment and stem for example, so I know Know that there's a lot of similar initiatives not only in Mexico, but worldwide that are promoting females to study them and so on but at the moment unfortunately things are remaining a bit of the same. So we have a lot of male students working or studying engineering math science and more females is turning teaching. Which is this communication design and so on as I was telling you at the beginning for Mexico English is very important. It's very well appreciated to have language assistance here. That's really interesting. I think as well that you were commenting on stem and trying to encourage women into stem girls into stem which is so important to kind of make that a More Level Playing Field. The get more of balance there. I wonder as an interesting counterpart to that. Do you think more can be done in terms of getting more boys or men into the languages Theory or language education? And this kind of leads me on nicely to the next question, which is ultimately and this is an open question to everyone really, what can we be doing about where there is an imbalance and this is just looking at other program, but also looking in general and also, how can we be? Voting gender equality not just through our program but in general through the the teaching of languages, so I've got a couple of points such as representation opportunity discussion careers, if anyone wants to add anything, go ahead. Well, I think that there is a lot of things that can be done. One of the most important things is that we have to break this predicament of only males can be Engineers on the girls because they are weak can do any comic teacher. I think that we have to show that it doesn't matter what gender you are. You have all the skills needed to become a great scientist to become a great teacher and it's really hard on some Societies in different context those kind of Are they coming are very intertwined with the culture? So I think that you have to focus on educating the new generations to become empowered to realize that if you want to focus on a path related to science and you are female then you can do it and you can become a great scientist. You have to have support from your family like Community the whole system has to support you and Empower you and if you are male that wants to pursue a career that it's female-dominated. Then you shouldn't be discriminated that it's a step that we have to take us as a community to empower our students and the young people that are going to start. With their careers, so they feel that they can do whatever they want and they are not going to be neglected or having bad experiences or that they are not going to be able to find a job because of their gender So based on that, I think that a lot of opportunities that are currently available for example female. Empowerment in stem areas are going to be very much appreciated. Absolutely. Definitely. I think he for some really interesting points about this notion of community and making it accessible as much as possible for people regardless of their gender. Do you have anything to add on a certainly agree with everything that Dalia said and just also point out that the British Council is also doing a lot of work. And engaging men in perhaps what has been considered typically female activities and roles traditionally. So we have a program called changing moves changing Minds for example in India that encourages girls to play cricket and boys to study dance. So that's true started to again kind of reverse some of those gender stereotypes and provide. And girls and boys with different opportunities and to try and tackle some of those gender norms and stereotypes which tend to underpin inequalities. And as I said before disadvantage both boys and men so I think it would be interesting to think about other areas, you know examples of activities that you can engage Boys in as well as thinking about how you can bring girls into perhaps things like stem subjects, and I probably agree in terms of for the program. I think that representation and Role models are really important. So as a male Ela, for example, you will be inspiring your students. They see a man speaking languages having that International experience that may go on to inspire other boys in the classroom and equally with girls, but I think also it's about approaches. So making sure that you know, whether you know, whether you're a man or woman or otherwise that you are trying to treat all of your students equally and open up those opportunities. Teas and to both boys and girls, I think we underestimate the power that we often have in a classroom to influence that definitely and Kina. Do you want to talk a little bit about sort of resources that are available to though British Council has some really great materials that you can use in the classroom which promote gender equality at the same time as teaching English. There are lesson plans available. I believe that you can get online and it's just adding to General ideas. I think it's important for everyone to recognize that. We all play a part in this every single one of us and especially if you're going abroad as a representative, you can really use that as a positive way to influence and encourage a discussion about things like this. We're going to hear from our colleague Dahlia again, who's based in Mexico and just to hear about your own initiatives. Yes. So I would like to give you a bit of background of what we have done and how we decided to do this whole training related to equality diversity and inclusion with a very strong focus on gender in Mexico. There are four programs that are very similar to the Let me to systems programming. We have a working group with them and we were talking about what are the challenges that the language assistance have faced and one of the subjects was General Mexico. It's very traditional country in some states. So we wanted to make sure that we were able to provide as much information. As we could to the language assistance so we can avoid a bit of the cultural shock. But also that they were aware that Mexico. It's a very different country. It has a lot of amazing things that they can experience and take advantage but there's other things that we are struggling as a society and generous is one of them if you look at the rates of Discrimination you will see that we are not as advanced and as we would like to be in that area afterwards, we had our first mid-year meeting with the language assistance. We were able to meet with them last February to talk a bit more about their experience and one of the things that came up as well was this gender issue and how Our female language assistance are against machismo, for example, and the way that Mexican meals talk to them on someone so I realized that it was crucial for the program to have a session dedicated to gender so we can achieve two things. The main one was to get in depth to the subject and to showcase for the British Council does. Pass and the other one was to give them more information on how to tackle with these situations when they are in a different country. So we have a whole day dedicated to equality diversity and inclusion. We started by sharing with them our ebi policy. Then we continue with our training provided by Anna in related to gender and then we move forward. A word with harassment session. I just had this year's meteor session and one of the things that all the systems highlighted was how important that they was. It was truly an eye-opener for them for everyone that was in that session. And what we are thinking of doing is not only to have the UK type but also You have the Mexican side to invite some Mexican authorities that are experts in the subject. So they can talk a bit more about the Mexican context for the next language assistance and also to give a similar training to the Mexican assistance that are going to the UK it's vital for us to provide them as many tools as we can so they can make the most out of of the program but also to give them information that it's going to be helpful. Not only for the 10 months they're going to be away from home. But also that something that is going to change their lives in a positive way. Definitely that sounds like such a fantastic initiative and something that will have an effect on people not just on that day but useful for them whether it's just from the program or as you're saying having these really important longer lasting effects. And now if we go to Anna in terms of if you wanted to add any comments further on the Mexico case study, but also just if you could give us an overview into what why and how the British Council are working towards gender equality. We've had an example of initiatives such as what Dalia was saying, but it would be great to get a perspective of the more sort of global sense of the British councils work. And key yes. I mean, I think I'm Delia has covered everything there in terms of Mexico example, but the one thing I would just add is and I'll just emphasize really is that the importance of opening up these conversations and discussions and whether it's in Mexico the UK or anywhere that were working is really really crucial. So sometimes just creating that space that's safe space to have an open conversation. It's the first step really to contributing to gender equality. So in terms of the broader She's Council approached as an organization. We develop initiatives and activities which Empower girls and women to lead influence and benefit from social change globally. And we also support networks to progress gender equality in terms of why we do this we've touched on many of these reasons already. I think first and foremost. We have a moral imperative to ensure that as the sustainable development goals say, no one is Left Behind. So it's Really and hopefully most people agree with this is the right thing to do that is already talked about organizational commitment to equality diversity and inclusion, which is really crucial to our work as an organization that promotes cultural relations and it's really important part of Intercultural communication. There's also lots of evidence that shows that greater gender equality leads to more inclusive secure prosperous and sustainable societies. So that really has benefits for everyone. And also we do have some legal requirements linked to the UK government's International Development gender equality act. So there's lots of reasons there why we really have to work in this era why it's really important for us to be doing this. We take a holistic approach. So we open up access to opportunities for individual women and girls helping to enhance their awareness agency confidence and self-belief. But we also recognize that responsibility for achieving gender equality doesn't rest with women alone. So we also looked at a tackle this systemic barriers by creating enabling policy environment and addressing discriminatory social and cultural norms around gender the majority of our work focuses in on empowering women and girls as globally women and girls tend to more disadvantaged but in some cases we do work with men. So for example, we have a program that looks to keep more boys and Education Jamaica for example, so as I said earlier gender inequality can impact on everyone. And also as you said before the finale, we all play a part in this so it's really important that men and boys as well as girls and women are involved in these conversations because ultimately achieving gender equality is about changing existing unequal power relations and Dynamics in terms of what we do and the key things that we work on and I'll mention gender and education first and foremost because it's probably something that's of interest to you all. All so we have a number of programs which have opened up access to opportunities for girls and boys education in the formal and informal sectors at all levels primary secondary and tertiary this includes provision of digital and English language learning as well as working at systems level to ensure that curricula and teaching materials are gender sensitive and not reinforcing any gender stereotypes and also opening up conversations about gender and gender equality and Kina. Already referenced some of the resources that exist that you can benefit from. We also work around women's participation and Leadership across all sectors. So we've provided opportunities for him working in public life research stem as Delia said education and the creative Industries to develop and enhance their leadership skills, and other care of our work is looking at economic empowerment and Entrepreneurship. So we've done a lot of work around the benefits that Well Enterprise for example can have two women's empowerment. And finally a quite difficult theme to work on is the work we do to address violence against women and girls so as many of you know, this is a cross-cutting issue that often underpins and exacerbates gender inequality and it's often a very taboo and culturally sensitive issue. So we frequently use more cultural softer approaches drawing on our expertise in the Arts and sports. To address some of these difficult issues and plastic. Thank you so much and thank you so much for showing all the different sides of it and the importance of the work that has been done. And on that note that's coming towards the end of our podcast. So do either of you or any of you have anything else you'd like to add in. I mean, I think I just wanted to finish by I going up to that point around was all being able to play a part in this and the theme of international women's day this year is each for equal which is really trying to encourage and emphasize the importance that you can play as an individual. So my final takeaway was going to be around what role you can play as an Language assistant mother language assistant in your day-to-day life. So, you know, we have lots of materials as we've already mentioned British Council can use but just to think about you know, what you can do in the classroom on a day-to-day basis to make sure that you're promoting gender equality. So thinking about the language that you're using when you're talking about or two boys and girls are you making sure you're making use of gender stands to materials content that doesn't reinforce gender ideas. Around what's toys subject clothes professions activities Sports of the boys or girls and really thinking carefully about the imagery and the examples you use and just taking that kind of again that open inclusive approach. So recognizing the importance of just starting that conversation about gender equality with your students if that's if that's appropriate and opening up that space for dialogue debate and discussion. Perfect. And you tell yes, yes, I would like first to thank you for inviting me. It's been great. Also, I would like to tell to the people that are interested in becoming a element assistant that gender is something that it's worldwide and it's very very important and that the language assistance as ambassadors of the culture of the UK or any of the other countries that are part of the program are very important for promoting gender in and inclusion and respect in the different context and countries that they are going to be placed. It's a great opportunity to learn from one another and to exchange ideas and as an intention to foster a safe space. Says in which we can continue with this kind of conversations and to include them on our day-to-day activities because it's something that we're facing on a daily basis. So we don't have to forget how important this subject is and how much of a difference and then with the system can do while they are in another country. I would just Echo what everyone else said you're in a position? position of influence as a language assistant and just to open the discussion with your students or with your colleagues wherever it's appropriate so great to hear the the influence that you can have as language assistant and just reiterates the importance of this topic and the importance of taking it really seriously and including it in the way that you are working and in the way that you go about your day to day life as a language assistant, but I think that applies to absolutely everyone so Thank you so much for joining me today on this podcast. It's been really insightful and a really important expiration of this topic has definitely made me more aware of our own program and also the British councils work on a wider scale. So thank you all so much as well for listening and I hope you found it as interesting as I have. You've been listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council. For more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British Council dot org, or why not follow the language assistance program on Twitter at language asst.