Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the free.God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people or another way. It's often put is why is God who supposed to be good allowing evil things to happen to people if he loves us so much. Then why all this evil fair fair fair question and I'm going to begin like this. I'm going to relate a story of a man named Victor Frankl those of you may be familiar with Victor Frankel's story that's told in his book that leads to Is Ultimate development of his form of personal development called logotherapy? But even beyond all that Viktor Frankl was a man who's a Jew living in Nazi Germany and like I alluded to before he was a psychologist. So he was a well-read well-studied man. He he was a upstanding citizen and he had a wife and he had two children and he lived in a suburb similar to many of those that we live in in the United States He Wore a suit. He had nice watches and he went about his life building his profession as a psychologist with a practice and people that he would treat and at some point the political climate of his country turned in such a way that he and many of the people like him Jews in Germany at this particular time were swept up out of their homes. Removed from their family and separated their clothing was removed and they walked naked and all of that which they've built up in their life, including their material wealth and for him. It was a lot of his intellectual wealth books that he's written were Swept Away sold burned and then being separated from that which is the the closest thing. To life and love for most people which is your family and to realize that you'll never see them again because your wife went off on a train with women your children were sent off on train with other children and you as naked as they were when they were ripped away from you hop on a train and go live amongst neighbors strangers in the concentration camp. He describes this stripping of his dignity and his humanity and being treated like an animal. It's a sick sad depressing situation, but it's not one. That's two unique or rare in the course of human history. I mean it's but been done to African slaves is probably being done today. It's just one of these things that like you ask is evil in what should be a good world. It's a bad thing happening to seemingly good people. Viktor Frankl is an interesting guy because he is a thinker he's an observer and also an author and a server of mankind. So although he felt as if his life was coming to an end and most people's were. Living in these concentration camps. He still maintained his sense enough to observe what was going on around him and to take notes as to the the psychological pain and then the subsequent downward spiral of those living in these horriffic. conditions His wife was killed and he knew it he'd never see his children ever again and he knew it and on a daily basis. He would walk out into the freezing cold not by his own fruition by by the way, but because there was a gun being held to his back along with a line of other Jews in these concentration slave camps, and he may have had on a rag or something that may have clothed him somewhat, but he'd be freezing fucking cold and I asked to break up the ground which was frozen, you know, and imagine he hasn't eaten very much food and perhaps months at this point. So he's lost about 60 pounds and and they're given shovels and they're asked to go out into the frozen ground and dig ditches so that the their oppressor could use their slave labor in order to build railroads and so on and so forth. So here you have a man who I knew what it was like to live a warm comfortable self-actualizing life of people that he loves to now freezing cold and naked digging ditches and when he's fed because it was very rare that he would receive Food. there would be a big vat with heated up water and a few potatoes thrown in and he relates all this in his book Man's Search for meaning so you can read this story also and you know from time to time there might be a piece of meat thrown in this big vat of water and and they would scoop it out and everybody get a bowl and you get a bowl of this hot water with like some very sparse nourishment in it. If you got a piece of potato or you got a piece of meat in it. It was like striking the lotto and he talks about one day being I think at some point he because he was punished because of you know, some discretion. You know, he he wind he yelped when someone hit him. I don't know it was horrific conditions. But anyway, he was in in a confinement for those who had breached conduct. And he was brought a bowl of this soup if you will. And he relates the experience of looking into the bowl of soup and seeing a tiny piece of potato. An observing that piece of potato he describes what has been called many different things from through the mouth to the lips of enlightened people that have walked this Earth and taught us. As a deep and profound sense of peace. Nirvana or Heaven if you will in that moment, he felt a deep and profound sense of joy and pleasure happiness. He even breaks out into laughter and he feels the warmth of joy in his heart for receiving this bowl of soup that contained. a piece of potato that was a good thing happening to him not only in his rationale because he was an intelligent man who could say well, you know, like like I often do in these videos. I'm just talking they're all just perspectives their ideas. It's very abstract. He felt and you know, how often I talked about the importance of feeling thinking and talking is very shallow. That's why these videos only do one thing they're meant to do one thing but to instill a feeling in you he fell Joy at that moment he didn't think about it until actualize it like many of you do. Well I should be happy right? No, you're not you're not happy and that's what it is. He was happy a good thing was happening to a good person. And if you looked at it say you'd say fuck. Why is God so evil he would argue with you in that moment. If you walked into that Cellar at that particular moment saw him naked with bones sticking out of his skin. Eat a bowl of hot water with a tiny piece of potato. And you said boy. Why is God so bad. Why does evil things happen? He'd look at you and say you just burst out with joy. And he relates this experience. So why do I tell you this and what does this have to do with? Well, you know, well, why is God or why is the universal? Why is Allah willing evil things to happen to seemingly good people because from your perspective walking into that room. You're going to say evil shit happening to a good guy. He will look at his bowl of soup and say. And be over joy and full of pleasure. What the fuck is going on makes no sense. Does it you could be wrapped up in all of your judgment about what's going on at that particular moment based on your experiences in the stories. You've been told since you were a child about what good and evil is and he's sitting in the shit and glowing with happiness Now you can say well he's lost his mind because he hasn't eaten in a very long time and he's sick sad and depressed. He's a maniac because he's a slave who hasn't eaten in his in his horrific condition. If you get a chance to read the book or to study any of the work of this man, you'll see that he was very cognizant of what was going on throughout the entire time and that's why his his books and his interviews, although he doesn't live today. But you know you pass not too long ago. We're such a blessing such a gift to mankind because not only did he just roll with the punches and make the best out of things he observed and he although he felt a visceral Joy. He concluded based on his years of study. In the Realms of psychology and philosophy. So not only does he have the experience but he has to wait the way of sharing with you. So now I'm going to back up for a moment and I'm going to I'm going to share with you a number of things that have been profound for me in my life. The very first of which is a part of a poem that comes from a Sufi Poet by the name of Rumi. Are you am I and it's very simple but yet very profound what he says in one of his poems when Alludes to the fact and invites his reader to consider that there is a field. There's a Place Beyond Good and Evil I will beat you there. In other words. He's preparing his reader for a conversation where we can set aside the judgments of Good and Evil because there are merely ideas. They're merely judgments. They're merely tools that Humanity has used in order to understand the world we live in much of our technology is a byproduct of our understanding of the Did dualism the didactic nature of nature sun and moon 0 1 digital the reason why you're watching these because of a series of zeros and ones. It's this contrast between black and white this thing like just does this this tall diastole good evil. So we've been able to use this digital technology to navigate our way into this. Amazing incredible time that we live in where I can talk to this lens and you can see it in Croatia. You can see New Zealand. So I'm not saying what I'm what I'm about to set professing what I'm about to say not as a judgment again against the idea of dualism, but to share with you how everything that comes from this field that really talks about. Is a Unity of Good and Evil. There's no one without the other and that's why he says Beyond The Good and Evil judgments. There's a place and that place could be nothing more than a Unity a unification. Of Good and Evil, it's all these things. Isaiah I believe I keep referring to in the Old Testament I create good I create evil I create all these things. I create the light. I create the darkness. God is all these things. So roomy shares that's with the shares that idea with you Sufi poet Sufism is is a outgrowth of Islam Islam is a abrahamic religion the abrahamic faith or the lineage uses many ancient texts, including one called Genesis. And you know, if you're if you're a Jew if you're a Christian if your A Muslim or any variation thereof, you're familiar with the story of Genesis. And those of you who watch my videos long enough you realize that I'm completely objective about all these ideas. I love wisdom. I love mythology. I love psychology. I love religion, but I'm not religious meaning I don't hold on to anything. I use it right and Let It Go. So what I'd like to do now is go to the roots of our psychological. Development as a race of human beings as is described in the ancient poem of Genesis that describes why we've become cast out from this Garden of Good and Evil. and how partaking of this tree of wisdom Was our greatest blessing and curse. Right the Garden of Eden mankind Story Goes that mankind makes his way and he's got male and female and at some point a and he's living in Nirvana. He's living in heaven. He's living in Eden. It's fucking beautiful. Things are great. There's two of everything and everything's together. The woman comes from the man, right? It does it's not about which came first and which ones better the fact. Is that there one flesh. And all the animals there's male and female there's night and day. I mean everything's going smoothly because everything always goes smoothly. But the reason why it's Nirvana is because Adam and Eve didn't eat the tree of wisdom yet. They eat from the Tree of wisdom. Meaning they have no fucking wisdom there like pigs in slop. They're happy. Right and I say pigs in slop because there's a level of ignorance associated with that form of of animal on this Earth that we have transcended because we ate that beautiful Apple. They're hanging out shit is great good things are happening to good people and evil things just don't exist. Right because there's no perspective for it. It's just the way it is. Everything is just the way it is man. The Garden of Eden must have been great. Right how many people live their lives trying to get back to this place? Right? They live their lives trying to go to heaven, you know, they're trying to do to go back to where everything was. One and there was no judgment between Good and Evil. That's what heaven is and all these people who live their life trying to be good have lost the fucking point. They're trying to be good so they can go to a better place as opposed to realizing that the world is one thing it is what it is the Dallas called the Dow it's the way And if you just kind of go with the flow and stay as objective as possible, you don't feel bad feelings. And you also gain a perspective where you can actually have what are seemingly evil things turn into some of the most resourceful things that have ever happened to you and that you could use to bless mankind like Viktor Frankl. Dennis and As The Story Goes a snake. Now, you got to understand the symbolism of a snake a snake has always represented wisdom. I'm if you look in the Egyptian hieroglyphs, right? What do they call height of the the pictures the pectorals where they teach shit? Why is there always a fucking snake on the real Wise Guys heads like the dudes that they're sort of was like we're expecting to bring them gifts and shit. He's got a snake on his head because for the longest time the snake the serpent has represented wisdom and a part of the reason why and there are many different reasons why the snake represents this is because of the snakes ability to shed his past. He's a he has this ability to sort of shed himself to be Beyond himself and leave himself. Over there if you ever look at a snake skin a snake is over there, but he's also over there. Did he say he's able to shed himself of the experiences and growth of life and be objective from it. That's one of the many reasons others are you know, the whole idea that it's slithers meaning it's very close its belly its roots are very close to the Earth. But yet it could it's can stand up on tail and become almost human-like and its ability to be erect being erected. He's standing up is very our biology is a part of reason why we have our psychology. Your body is your mind. I have to say so the snake can bring itself upright and in doing so it lines itself up in the same way that an antenna lies itself mines itself up and the human being learns himself up which allows them to access frequencies, right? We are walking fucking antennas, right? No other animal does is if there's another animal that walks around the way we walk around all the time with his genitals and and eyes and front then it would be a human being because it would have access to frequencies that only human beings. When I say frequencies, I mean literally frequencies but also intelligence and understanding and it would have it would have developed in this particular way those that are close to us. Like apes have a little bit there a little closer to us in their psychology. But look at their body also, right they can they can be logical like we can be logical now. They don't have it developed the same way. We have it right? We're just little bit more evolved but they stand up and that was that's why they not only look like us but they are like us in many ways. So this animal that represents wisdom comes and says to Adam and Eve who were living in Bliss and they're all naked and they're cool and being naked is an interesting thing because although she has a penis and he has a vagina good evil black white female female notice. This penis vagina or vagina penis penis vagina. They're not ashamed meaning they don't recognize that there should be some sort of judgment placed on their difference. They're just like there it is. There. It is. Great. We're awesome. He shows up and explains to them look. Now the boss knows some shit you took you guys don't know the bosses had the boss has some wisdom. The boss has some power. Right. They say he created all this I tell you this young Adam and easily seduced Eve, right? If you eat from this tree of wisdom. Notice that the tree of sinfulness that the tree of damnation the tree of wisdom of Good and Evil. You two will have the power that the boss has. interesting and tempting proposition Well as The Story Goes they say let's go for that ride baby as soon as they eat that piece of fruit. Boom their eyes were opened penis vagina cover your shit up. Holy cow. That shit is going crazy. Nothing changed, but their perspective nothing in the world changed at that moment when Eve and Adam ate that Apple the world didn't go evil. What happened was their eyes were open and they saw and they were ashamed because they were able to judge between the differences. The Judgment between the differences allows for our technology. Like I said before zeros and ones and you know, we use just the whole digital era as a byproduct of that wisdom, but also it allows us to make judgments. Based on the feelings we have in our bodies. Now feelings are just feelings feelings are just feelings. They're there their warnings or their tellers of what's going on, but there's no judgment. Really, there's no good or bad feeling they're just feelings and there are ones. I'd like a little bit more of an ones that I like a little less of but the minute we start saying Good and Evil good and bad. We start attaching all types of associations to the two different ends of the coin you flip a coin is still a fucking quarter. There's not a good side and a bad side. It's all the same thing just like the Garden of Eden was all the same thing. But now you go like this one must be good one must be bad. So now we have language to describe. The experiences in life. They give us feelings that we would rather have less of the dangerous thing about words. Is that it's a it's a cycle. You have a feeling you give it a word you give it a symbol right words or symbols evil. Let's use that word evil. I have a feeling I don't like I call it bad. It's a bad feeling if I recognize that my feeling which really has no there's no judgment on my feeling but now I call it bad is bad. It's a feedback loop, which says bad bad bad. And you start attaching to the symbol, you know, they say don't worship false Idols. You know, what Idols we fought we worship more than anything words write the word evil and the word good we come to worship it bow down to good and fight against evil. We're worshipping ideas. Based on a new form of wisdom that only human can't kind has about the dichotomy of nature. What does this all have to do with good things happening or bad things happen to good people? when you say bad things happen to good people you're committing the greatest sit the greatest misunderstanding that Rumi was alluding to when he said let's go beyond good and evil and play in this field. You're perpetuating the idea that perhaps eating the the fruit of Good and Evil. Removed us from some sort of joy. That should also should be ever present on Earth and in our lives. But that's just a judgment. It's just an idea. It says abstract as anything else You're playing the game of feeling bad. You're playing the game of Good and Evil. Go back to the Garden of Eden before we are eyes were opened in this way. And guess what you find Nirvana the Garden of Eden heaven heaven is an experience of Oneness between seeming opposites. You need good and evil, but good and evil are just words to describe two opposites of the way it is. You see I think it's brilliant that the Dow was called this the way they have no word for God. They call it Dow Dow translates into the way. It's just the way it is. Now there are going to be those of you who are watching this and you're say Elio that's fucked up because you know, there are starving children in Africa and Asia and other parts of the world. And you you live in America where things are good. You got oil you got cars and you got food and you got air conditioning good evil. When you say that. You're once again perpetuating the Miss thus in the original sin associated with the garden in the Garden of Eden. This is where we were cast out. We were cast out in our psychology and our psyche We Were cast out. So I should feel guilty right based on the way. You describe it. I should be good. I should feel guilty for what the way has created and I happen to be just a leaf flowing in the Wind of the way. I don't I can't take full credit for being here, but I should feel guilty because the way has also created a way where there are those who don't have judgment judgment judgment judgment judgment Judgment Day Judgment Day is right now we're living in hell because we do this. Now I'm not saying to be hard-hearted or apathetic about the pain of others. What I'm saying is that the most important thing for us as individuals either living in concentration camps where we were stripped from all that we experience to be good. That's the toughest way to experience pain not I was born hungry. You do have no contrast a starving baby in Africa is not that upset because there's no contrast. It's like, this is Earth. This is how I feel I'm dying. There's no there's no judgment. But a man who knows both will still tell you I've reached nirvana. I understand the Garden of Eden I experienced heaven on Earth. Because he put aside the judgments. I'd like to finish with this. Number one just to reiterate. Good and evil are two sides of the same coin? You can't have one without the other in the same way that you can't have daytime without nighttime. Life. Does this it's a part of the reason why the snake is so interesting because it does this it just lets go of its skin and keeps going We have pain when we recognize contrast and attach judgment to the different types of contrast. Good Sunshine light is good. Darkness is evil that's a fucked up one that gets us into a lot of trouble lightness is good and dark is evil. So give me all like, you know, what's gonna happen to set the fucking Earth? Will Scorch give me all sunshine and light no darkness. That would be a sick sad day because you'd be more miserable. More than you've ever been because that type of imbalance will fry you like an egg. the night cools the day and it will always be that way as long as night follows day. There will be things that you judge as evil happening to what you judge as good people. Okay, it's just the way it is. The minute you find yourself making judgments about me and what I'm saying right now check yourself and go back to it. Go back to everything. I just said set aside your judgments set aside your feelings and the judgments of your feelings and experience what I just said, even if you have to turn it off because you can't stay in my fucking face because you think it's an ugly face. It's your judgment. Set it aside for a moment and go to that field Beyond it and you might find something there number one. number two in our individual lives when things happen that you Don't like you might label as evil understand that within every single bad with an every single Evil Within every single pane is the seed for pleasure one never exists without the other. So when your life sucks recognized right away use your beautiful brain to gain or at least brain. Wash yourself for the perspective that there is also a good in there. You have to do this. Otherwise, you're going to be so attached to the evil that you'll make yourself sick. Sad depressing you to die a fucked up loser. Like most of us do and have to come back and do this again. You're going to hell and you already live in it. So if you'll just keep burning. When bad shit is happening to you you look for the silver lining in the cloud. That's not a hippie saying that's not just an admonition to think happy thoughts. It's the way it fucking is the way the world Works its nature its science. Its you can't have negative without positive. It just works that way get that through your head. And also when things are going great make sure you recognize that the table will turn at some point. So when things are going good, I always say this I quote abdu'l-bahá be generous in times of prosperity and thankful in times of adversity. You see the dichotomy. It's the most natural thing. And finally, this is a long video. Check my watch because I got a dentist appointment. I got some bad things happening my teeth need to be extracted. Finish up now. and finally You watch others who suffer? Who are in pain that it's described merely by you and your judgment because many times you go to I hear stories and I've been in third world countries and it's another judgment and I look at people who don't have a tenth of what I have and the look in their eye is of joy. Peace and pleasure. They have everything much more than many of us have with our fancy cars and air conditioning. They don't take pills for being sad. They don't have to go to doctors to tell them and talk about why they're they can't breathe. They don't have anxiety. They have the way they enjoy. But you might make a judgment on that and often times. That's when you fuck up those native cultures because you bring in what you think is good. Here's all the good stuff. I've got here's a big giant Cross because it always begins that way I've got Jesus Christ is going to save us all and Technology. And you begin to tell them why this is good. What I've got is good poor soul. You have no shoes and then you start fucking their heads up and then they want Jesus Christ and technology and then you know as a world goes, right? That's just what we do and then we and then and then we sit back and wonder why the Amazon is being destroyed wowee another evil. Then the evil of the destroying of the Amazon. We just gotta stop you gotta you gotta stop. You. Just gotta stop. Continuing with your judgment on someone else or another circumstance that for some reason you don't need to judge it but you feel compelled to do something about I feel compelled to feed Starving Children. Then you just do it without any judgment. You don't do it because you're fighting evil. That's the dumbest fucking thing in the world because you know what happens when you fight evil you get more evil so you can keep fucking fighting it doesn't end. Or because I'm bearing fruits of good. No, you're not bearing fruits of good because when you create when you bear fruits of good guess what with a fucking basket of good comes a basket of evil. You're not gonna win. You do it because your hearts telling you do it and that's all. I feel as if I should feed these people you just do it. Don't judge it do it. I speak to upwards to a million mostly young men through these videos on a daily basis. I can sit here and say I'm doing good. I'm helping people. I'm working to combat the forces of evil that so pressing your minds and bodies. It's all a fucking judgment. None of that is true. I do this because that's what an Elliott does. It's just what's happening here. It's just the way. done