Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it again because you're going Want to and then listen to this episode stop everything you're doing right now young man and woman or whomever you are stop everything. If you have not played this game do not listen to this episode and it is worth mentioning. This is an episode and we have had many episodes before this and specifically if you haven't yet heard our episode on the loo Tessa's check it out. It's great. It was a lot of fun to record and a lot of that material. And we're realizing as we're kind of talking about this episode in building. The script is like super super relevant. Yeah, it weaves a lot into what we're talking about today. Yeah, here's what here's What's Happening Here folks. We got two different characters, but they the same person. Oh my God what I like but they're not I'll same person. It's wild man. This is this whole entire game. I mean if you thought Bioshock 1 & 2 are kind of weird. Yeah, this entire game is like Time travel interdimensional like travel and just this whole game is a total mind fuck. Let me know that the drug bong again. Yeah, you got you can have to take a hit because this is this is going to get whack. So basically you have Booker DeWitt. This is a guy american-born. I believe he joined the military after the Civil War he experienced. Has the Battle of Wounded Knee and it's essentially this is the Tipping Point for what turns him to the booker DeWitt that we play as and The Comstock we eventually try to kill that sort of the fork in the road. Right? Like that's the moment where these different things divide that is when the timeline shifts and you get two different realities. So, you know Comstock and what will kind of focus on Comstock. Moment Leo. Why are we focusing on Comstock? He's he's the his shitty. He's the main timeline. So here's the deal folks the Columbia timeline. The one where you are Booker DeWitt and you pop into Columbia. That is the Comstock timeline. So you have two timelines. You have the Comstock timeline and you have the booker DeWitt timeline. Well, we have like we have a lot you have a lot of fucking timelines. Well, the timelines all over the place Oprah's given we are not making this any easier to understand look under your seats. You all get time-locked. Basically. What happens is after this this this the way they experience Wounded Knee and how they deal with it the universe splits into two separate timelines that then we experience. So we have Booker do its timeline and we have comstock's timeline the game setting the universe that you're playing in most of the time of Columbia that is Comstock's main timeline and his main Universe the booker DeWitt you are playing as is a completely different timeline. He's been plucked from his world and thrown into this one. So so it's a biometric no matter what timeline we're talking about the individual who was born as Booker DeWitt Ops into after this traumatic insane massacre at Wounded Knee decides to go through with a baptism. Oh and this is again as we've said this is the fork in the road now focusing for a moment on the main timeline on on comstock's timeline. He goes through with the baptism and in his newly discovered religion. He and this is this is where like I was having trouble sorting out exactly what happened because this is he has this vision of Columbia this this Archangel or this this this being this Divine being on a floating city now he ends up like Partying up with Lucas with Rosalind lootus and she's studying these a method of locking atoms into place, which he's like, hey, that could be a good way to float a city. So he creates this city in the sky. He becomes the leader of this this this floating city then and then and then it doesn't go so well write like because there's there's the was it the Box the Box Rebellion. The Boxer Rebellion. Yeah, the Boxer Rebellion during a their world tour as it were Comstock had Columbia go to China during their event the Boxer Rebellion and he intervened in it and he opened fire and basically like wipe those people out. This was the event that revealed Colombia to be a giant warship, right and America called. Be a back and Columbia's like no screw this we're going to be our own America now to that point really quickly. It's amazing because Comstock declared Columbia the true America the gall of being like yeah. No, I mean, I know that there's like 3,000 miles across like a massive but no my city is the true America. That's just an Hollows. I'm like just the excuse my language the fucking balls. Us on common stock which is a bad transition into his sterility. But you know, well, like the thing is he essentially Made everything that's against America if you think about it, like freedom of church and state not a thing or separation. Sorry separation of church and state not a thing freedom of religion. Not a thing fucking democracy not a thing. He's a religious zealot. He creates a totalitarian, you know Nation if you will in the sky like nah, bro, you ain't nothing but America, but also, he's Abraham Lincoln like it. Yeah like the hell He'll come on. But yeah, he's a so naturally Karma and you know in Sue's and he's sterile as fuck and he can't be king cannot propagate. I think we skipped a step but you're but you're out. You're absolutely right. So basically Rosalind figures out this this kind of Rend in in reality thing Comstock is beyond his like claims of visions and claims of things. He's able to the for the first time like actually peek through tears and Only and see alternative timelines and see other, you know into the future and into the past. So he's able to like verify with the people of Colombia that he is. In fact a profit which for these good Christian folks really establishes him as in a position of power. He yeah, so he was playing with all these interdimensional timeline portals and lo and behold he can't have children. Apparently the exposure to To radiation at least in his timeline the exposure to radiation made him sterile and it also like aged him tremendously. This made him say, you know, I need to have an air. I need a child clearly I can do it, but maybe there's another me that can do it. So he was going around trying to find a Booker DeWitt child. And and this was yeah exactly to your point. Realized like the way that he's going to stay his legacy in Colombia is going to be cemented in blood relations and he has a Lady Comstock, but he can't have kids. So he talks to the Loo Tessa's and they're like, well, what if we go to an alternative timeline where maybe you have a child and he's like, hey, that sounds pretty good. So they hop over to this other timeline where Booker do it at the moment of baptism rejects the baptism and instead ends up. Working with either he continues working with her. He starts working with I'm not actually sure the pinkertons which is sort of this. He he starts working with he was not working with the think he was not working with the pinkertons pre baptism. Yeah, so he falls in line with the pinkertons. He starts kind of obviously directing his violence and his anger both Inward and also towards the poor people who get in his way as part of his work now. Italy the lutessa is who've been working together. They realized they just they done fucked up the whole Multiverse like every goddamn realities just crumbling and weird shits going on. So they're like, okay, maybe we should kind of figure out how to fix this problem. And they and they have this idea. They're like, well, maybe we maybe we get that guy whose daughter we stole and maybe he can do a good job of reining in himself kind of so, They go and they collect Booker from the Anna timeline and Robert approaches him and says, hey, you know, I'm going to give you a chance to get her back. Well, the whole thing is he want he has these debts as well and his biggest thing is he's told that he is going to be given one job that will erase all of his debts and that's a big deal to him. So I think like what it results in and I think looking at these two directions that The same man go through in different timelines as far as the way that they deal with their own shame the struggle of BioShock Infinite of the protagonist versus the antagonist in many ways becomes symbolic of the struggle between these two incredibly unhealthy ways of dealing with grief. It is literally extreme violence versus extreme reality-warping pain versus manipulation II still Personally. No, I don't know about you guys, but I'd like to hear your opinions on this. I don't think Comstock. I think the fact that Comstock has been trying to deal with these atrocities in a way that he creates an external way of trying to prove to the world that it's okay for what he did and experienced. I still see that as a form of him not being okay with it because the whole thing is Comstock was okay with it Booker is not I still feel the fact that Comstock had to create this and is still living it and still embodying this character if you will because Comstock if anything, he's a character for Booker Dwight. I still kind of see it as a form of him. Not and of my character, I mean like it's a new persona that he has to that he put on himself. He literally had to recreate. Himself and a society for him to deal with these issues. So I don't know if I'm just curious about what you guys think. Do you think that he's still struggles with it day to day I think an extra kind of side note that isn't directly related to how he relates to Comstock. But an interesting element of who Booker is is the fact that all of his actions throughout BioShock Infinite are in some way the direct result of Something that he had done previously in his life. So you similarly to how you were talking about how nothing Comstock ever did really seemed to indicate that he ever really let go of who he was I think Booker is the exact same way even in the timelines that we see glimpses of where he becomes a martyr for the vox populi. He scalps Founders like um, and that's the thing like he helps Elizabeth because he's told Anna he works with the vox populi because he used to be a Pinkerton like he scalps Founders because he was at Wounded Knee like every aspect of who he is that we see is a response to how he turned his own outward violence also inward toward himself. I don't necessarily think all of that counts as character growth, but I think that it's definitely a really interesting comparison of just how much of Booker's actions are defined by his regrets and shame of the past. And exposing himself to that pain rather than hiding from it like Comstock did do you feel that Comstock still is do you think like maybe he's trying to avoid like with with his utopian Vision. Do you think he's trying to avoid like any type of Wounded Knee scenario if you will like because if he's not violent like what I mean is like with the whole Boxer Rebellion thing if he's not violent then why would he do something like that? Why? I would he order some like you know what I mean, like he do you feel like he still is trying to avoid any type of violence or at least in hit by his own hands or anything like that or do you still feel like he's kind of has like this violent nature still to him. I think Comstock never stopped responding to his own violence through lies and Booker never stopped responding to his own outward violence to inward violence, and I think that shows a And how the decisions they made earlier in their life informed the decisions, they made later in their life. It's like both men like decide on a direction and refused to back down from it like of well, I guess I'm just going to commit to violence because if I ever question the violence, I'm going to go insane and similarly if Comstock comstock's like well the Battle of Wounded Knee clearly was something worth cleansing myself from But the principles behind it the massacre the racism the Terrible Things of it, if he ever stop to question the principles that he built Columbia on it would he would drive him insane and it would invalidate The Narrative that he'd been telling himself the whole time which is that he's a good person being driven by a good Christian values the common duality of never giving up, right. Yeah, so I have some final thoughts about this. Really my own view on these two guys and like the whole decision making process. I've done a lot of episodes here and most of the stuff that we always talk about is a lot of it is decision making and plot-driven things about characters and their decisions and I feel like this episode is really great because it opens up the branches of like, well what if a character made this decision instead of that decision what if they made this decision instead of that decision? Oh and then that leads to making this one instead of that. One you don't get that one because you're already your character already wants to make this one and it's just a whole like decision tree like a decision-making tree, which is really cool. Like kind of like Mass Effect kind of, you know, kind of like that but a little bit more this is a little bit more this game delves into that and really shows you two separate characters that are the same person and all the decision-making process that they have based on one decision. So like most people come to contact with like huge events in our lives like most of us we all come into contact with something like somebody's death car accident just some major life event and it's how we react to these events and how we make them part of our own selves like our own character if you will and that and that that's what really can actually dictate how we grow as a person and how we make future decisions and again the idea of building this narrative and the opportunities to Explore there are certain elements in the game. Like the coin flip. We're 123 Booker's have flipped heads. There are elements that are chance and our life and our things that we don't necessarily have control over and the loot s's are like we still don't know like they are very sure of certain circumstances, but they don't know the reasons behind certain events when it comes to us when it comes to the choices we make in the way that we handle trauma and the way that we handle. Pain and the way that we then channel that energy it that we have a choice and it is so fun to see a game. That's literally like hey, okay, here's a person here are two versions of that person go at it, you know round start to see literally the battle not of Good and Evil but of the same kind of morally damaged person and How one person can become so different through a single Choice, it's definitely worth reflecting on for all of us forever. Amen. That was Gucci. Well, that about wraps it up. We hope you enjoyed this episode. And if you did, please take a second to rate and review us on Apple podcasts. It really helps us grow the show and oh be sure to connect with us on Instagram and Twitter. We're at lure underscore party. Thanks for listening and we'll catch you next time.