Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. whoa Yeah, seriously. So before we started recording I was over there eating some popcorn and Carson was setting everything up and naturally is getting really pissed at me because I wasn't helping at all and I was just sitting over there eating some long corn sitting there eating some popcorn. Well, I was trying to adjust the camera. The camera was falling over. He's poking holes in my leather chairs that was an accident and it's just indentions. There's no anyway, so I was eating my Popcorn and I looked under the door and my cat was clawing at the floor. There was an entire Paul like a hand the door like so I guess this is our time. We're going to introduce mittens also known as closet cat to anybody who has been to my house or is my friend. They know all the stories about closet cat we found her like I don't know maybe six seven years ago, and she was like negative 2 pounds and now she's like, Hundred million pounds so and at night my parents my parents are both allergic to animals. So they bring her in at night and put her in our basement in a closet. And I mean, it's not really a closet like just storage or yeah, it's a it's a closet is stretching it honestly, it's kind of it's not that bad but some legendary stuff has gone down in closet cats or room. So if you know what I'm talking about, you know, but not something we're going to bring up on the podcast. But it is really legendary. Not really. Yeah, shout out Carly not gonna say anything else. But yeah. So today we're going to talk about a few things, but our first topic is Assassin, so do you want to like describe what that is to the podcast listeners pretty much everybody it's going to be watching this. Well, no, some people might not know, you know, you have to exploit mate. It's a Nerf gun game. If you get shot you're out. It's basically just a senior class at Providence to Providence mang. Yeah, so I'm gonna tell so on Saturday night. My roommate came and she was staying with me for the night and we like went out and did some stuff and we were driving Carson was driving around Kaylee and my roommates name is Sue jiseok a lie Avery suji and I and Kayleen Avery are just two of my friends. And so we were driving around looking for Kayleigh and Avery's targets when? Like we just drove past Qdoba and I just like happened to randomly see my target inside of Qdoba so I ran in and shot them and I don't know. I just love just having the best luck for this game. So I ran in and shot him and then we went over and we were stalking like Kaylee and Avery's CC. No, I'm not a him. Oh, oh my gosh. Why was I thinking it was Austin? Sorry CeCe. She shot Austin the Yeah, I shot Austin the night before Sydney and I got him a after he got home from his basketball game. But so then we drove away from shooting CC. Sorry CeCe did me to get you guys in your eating but and we were kind of like sitting behind Quiznos waiting on Kaylee and Avery's Target and like the person in the car with Kailyn Avery's Target came up and like basically told us to leave and we were like, okay, so we just kind of drove around to like the opposite side of the street and sat in some parking lots. And waited for them and I guess they like they must have been going over to like back to Qdoba because like one of their targets was in Qdoba. That was the whole reason why they were there. Oh, I didn't know that we realized that after they drove over to Qdoba. We thought they were going to go into coffee Crossing but they were really just hunting Jack. Yeah, and so like so it was a setup of a setup. Yeah. So since I like had gotten both Target's like Austin that 9 and then CC the next night. I just got new targets and my new Target happened to be like with the people who were hunting the other people so we saw them like pull up to Qdoba and all Runnin and we were like no way so we drove back over there hid behind the building and then Kayla and I both got our Target so pretty crazy. Honestly. It's a fun game. Carson is not playing because why aren't you playing the rules? I mean, it's the same thing for this year. Do you think that Same rules for what like as what? mmm Well the rules last year got mixed up. Like people were just complaining about the rules and that the same thing is pretty much happening this year. No, I think it's a lot better this year because the people in charge actually know what they're doing in my opinion. Like I think it's good like last the past couple of years. I think it's just like too many conflicts in like the fact that like Juniors and like younger like underclassmen were able to play in the past years. I think kind of messing stuff up to Didn't you play like your sophomore year I played sophomore. Well, no, I played junior year. Okay. Well, what year was it that you liked got caught in somebody's Garage on their car or whatever. That was Ross Reyes. Some people know this story. But basically me and Harry Green or staking out his house for like an hour and we were like going to leave and then We saw him start to pull down the street. So we hid and he pulled all the way into his garage and we ran over and basically trapped him. This is all a true story. Meanwhile his mom was already yelling at us to get off of the property and we were just telling her that we would leave as soon as Ross came out and I don't know why she just didn't tell Rasta. Come outside of his car, but he I don't know he refused to do so and he locked himself in his own car and his car alarm was going off inside of their garage. So it was echoing and it just got Extremely Loud. That was the best thing ever. Yeah, imagine and then Um, we were not really sure what to do. We were just kind of just standing there and Ross like makes a break to get into the driver's seat real quick. So me and Harry both step in front of the car, but then he like starts moving like pretty aggressively like in stopping real quick and Harry jumps out of the way, but I'm like like I don't care there's no way this kid is going to drive. Oh, I got a fat ass. Not really. Lee but I was like I didn't think that he would actually drive off with me on the hood of his car but he did and he was gone. He was a Savage he was going pretty fast in his neighborhood and I was literally hanging on the metal of his car Savage almost like if I were to I'm almost positive I would have broken something. Or he would have ran over my leg or something if I would have fallen like I might go there when he was screaming at me through the windshield telling me. Like he was asking if let me let me think. He said like are we done now and like he was asking if I was going to get off his car and at this point I was like I'm done with this game like and I literally just told him I was like, yeah, like slow down dude, like stop the car. And after that I he stopped and I got off the car and like ran back to Harry and I was like I'm not gonna play this game anymore. If it's gonna be like this serious, like if you're really going to take a Nerf gun game this far like I like I didn't really know what to say and he even like he sent me paragraphs through Instagram DM like apologizing and I was like dude like I get it but I would just never never do that like ever again because that I mean I don't want to say like I would have died but I definitely would have I definitely would have been injured if I would have fallen off of her let go of his car. Yeah, that actually could have been really bad. Honestly. It could have been very evil like at the beginning of this game. I was like kind of annoyed with how like pressed people were about this like Trying to go so hard and like selling people out and like literally trying to get people to pay to know who their targets were. But then like after a while I kind of like was less annoyed with it almost and kind of like enjoy it. Like I kind of like the people who are like taking it super serious now, so I don't know like I just think in my opinion that makes the game almost more fun. So I'm kind of hype that People are doing that. I regret being so like annoyed with it at first but anyway, so that's like the assassin part of our podcast the next like I posted this thing on my fence today and it was like asking for what people want us to talk about and one of the things was that people wanted us to talk about like what it's like going to a private school and so like obviously like so people were asking Basically, like what it's like going to a private school and so obviously people who go to a private school and listen to this like know what it's like because most of them have gone their whole lives, but I like we're just going to talk about our experiences with it everything. So I've gone to a private school like literally from can't like preschool to senior in high school and I'm like wait, this is stupid probably but Butler's a private college, right? Yes. Okay, so I'll be going Going to a private school basically my whole life and I went to Holy Family and then like Providence and then I'll be going to Butler next year, but honestly, like I don't think I've ever really been upset with it. I don't know in my opinion. Like I've loved it having a uniform is literally the best thing ever. Like when I was younger obviously like I wanted to not wear uniforms everyday, but as I've gotten older it's just like it's seriously so much easier to just have to wear like the same thing every day. Like I don't have to worry about that at all. getting dressed public school kids have to like go shopping for their whole outfit are for all their outfits for like the whole year and I don't know that can be like a lot of money when you're doing that every single year and on top of that like just being in uniform you just wake up and just throw on like she said the same thing honestly, I feel like uniforms are like pretty comfortable to like like I've never heard of uniforms. Yeah comfortable. I don't know about like Christian academies. They have to wear like skirts and stuff. Like I wore a skirt at Holy Family. I liked it. It was comfortable wasn't bad at all. But yeah, I don't know. I feel like if I went to a public school, I would just I would literally probably wear the same thing every day. Anyway, not the same thing but like it would be likings in a sweatshirt or whatever. I don't know. Sometimes I see like people actually like go all out though. So maybe I would just like a look like a bum compared to everyone else. But I honestly like I've Loved going to private schools. Um I think it really just depends on who you ask. I like some parts of about it and other parts. I really hate I like how you know everybody but at the same time that can also be a curse because everybody that gets spread so fast. Yeah, like everybody knows everything everybody really does know everything considering there's only 300 people. School, yeah, I'm pretty sure like Floyd Central and them have like 300 people in their grade. Like the senior class has the am more than honestly. Yeah, so I don't know. I like it. I kind of like knowing everybody makes me feel more like homey. I don't know. I think it's cool. I've literally had like the same group of best friends. Well, some people might hear this and be like you but I've literally had like the same Core group of best friends for like as long as I can remember, so I think that's like I've literally grown up with the girls that I'm friends with. So, I think that's kind of cool, honestly. I have remained friends and I'm still like prettier like friends with everybody though. Pretty much best friends with the people that still. Go to Earth At went from our lady to Providence. But there was honestly a lot of good friends that went to different schools. And I don't think that really happened with you. There was only like a few kids that did not go to Providence from Holly family. Oh, yeah, I mean, I'm pretty sure there were almost all the girls went to Hawaii or went to Providence. I feel like maybe a few guys went to Floyd Central or say next but other than that everybody kind of use went to Bravo. And I want to say like either it's either close to 10 or a little over 10 people from our class don't go to Providence and like three of them. I was like, I was pretty good friends with them and I I've seen I've seen like one of them. Or maybe to like I don't know all four years have been in high school like once or twice only. Hmm, so that kind of sucks. But yeah, honestly, I feel like the girls that didn't go to Providence that I was friends with a whole family. I was always like well like stay close to high school. But like when I think about it, I don't think I've talked to him like at all like really like not once have I talked to him in the four years that I've been away at high school. So I don't really know. I know there's some more stuff that I don't like about it. I love the sports at Providence. I like how our school small enough that you're able to do multiple sports like and not really have to worry about having to like like work super hard for any like one position like I feel like Well, they don't really cut that many people right and that's what I like. Everybody gets a chance in my opinion like a really big classes, right? Yeah. That is that is a nice part about it. Like you can literally do whatever Providence like I know make two like they'll adjust their schedule for your like around whatever you have to do. Like that's something that's really nice about it, but it's it gets hard whenever you have to play. All these teams like when we have to play Floyd and literally like weight and what sport because I'm a soccer. Okay, we literally have like a limited selection and they have I want to say that they have a freshman JV and varsity team and kids still get cut and their teams are like literally amazing. That's probably why we want against For the first time in like soccer is so popular though. Now, I feel like yeah, it's like such an upcoming sport soccer is getting Carson play soccer. If anybody didn't know I do kind of just said that well, I just that's like he played basketball when he was younger too. But kind of wish I would have played basketball to be honest. He Hoops with me. I destroy I show him. Who is Daddy in the paint? Yep. What's my name? When were in the paint off? Right daddy? What's my name? When were in the paints a small daddy? Say it we Daddy? Daddy, that's what I thought. Well, okay, we don't anyway and like when we get rebounds, what is my name? We get rebounds. You don't get a rebound over me. Okay arms are too. Okay. That is not fair. If we go off of jumping I would snag the rebound every time my gosh your verticals like three inches off. The ground is higher than yours remember jumping for the balloon of stairs. Oh literally, I got it every single time. We have like a balcony in our time house and cars and I blew up this balloon one day and we made well, we didn't make my mom went up to like on top of the balcony and would throw it down and we Carson and I were having like salty because I was throwing it off the wall and getting it every time because his arms are 10 feet long as you're mine claimed that her vertical was higher than mine and there was like three times where I didn't even jump and I got the balloon. Okay, you literally got it twice. Ice out of like 30 times of doing it and you were getting big salty and you know it too because it's not fair. I should have had that rebound everything not fair. Well, my mom was bringing it to throw the balloon towards you that's what was happening. There was like multiple times where she literally threw it your way on purpose because she saw how mad you were getting? No, that is not it. But anyway, so where were we I don't know to the I would I play three like cross-country. A basketball tennis and then this is my first year doing track. So play cross-country ironic round You Blue Cross Country? No, I run cross-country Indian know. Is that how I imitated you yeah. Whatever anyway back to Carson managed basketball my junior year car. He loved it. He loved it so much. He was so excited to come to practice every day the fun part. I would only ever suggest that if you did that with your friends and we it was me Connor be get and Ryan and it was fun because we got to play and shoot and destroy you guys every single time. I literally Big it would literally body Bridget and I down low like every time like I would get the ball and be going to be playing defense on me and I would try to like post it up on him and I would hit the ground like dudes like a a tank. He's a unit he is a you and I've loved my experiences with private school. So There's give and take in my opinion. And what is it? I can I am not. I like I'm not gonna say like I am. Oh Catholic schools are cool for the cool kids. You don't know. Sorry. I would say I don't I don't hate it, but There are some things that I really don't like about it later. But Carson and I were just looking at the film of like what we've taken to this podcast so far and I literally look like a big wet sewer rat because I just got out of the shower. Whatever you want to say. I've looked like I just crawled up from a New York drainage system ate an entire hot dog, and I'm crawling around the streets. Like I look like that someone a big wet suit on a hot dog a rat a big rat that eats a hot dog. Okay a big ol rat. Anyway, we call you a mouse because you're going to be a rat isn't that 21 Savage? Never heard that one before? I don't know how I could be wrong. Yeah, I mean it is maybe I just made that line anyway. Okay. Anyway, this is the end of the podcast we've gone way over time. Anyway, no, you haven't it's gonna be pretty long. But okay. Anyway, this basically ends our first podcast first and second hopefully, yeah, this one actually goes successful and the magic imagine if I delete it again. Yeah, if you're hearing this I successfully completed my task of publishing a Best yeah, it's not the big sewer rat the big hot dog eating sewer rat before I just a podcast. Why is that trigger you that I don't know. I just try every single time. I try to talk and it's okay talk then. Sorry. No, I don't have anything else to say. No. I don't have anything else. Okay, someone is salty sewer rats like salt and their hot dogs more taste. Okay, the what speaking for the bag is signing off. Thanks for listening. Say bye-bye. Carson say bye-bye. Say, bye-bye. Carson say it so I can end this use. Okay. Bye.