Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that lived on a medieval village were peasants. Now you're going to look at this later on but in medieval Society there was a hierarchy of importance called the feudal system and at the very bottom of this system where the peasants now overall there were around Types of peasants you had one peasant that actually had an element of Freedom. They were called Freeman now, they were very free types of peasants because they could do as they pleased because they paid rent just because we're saying the word peasant doesn't mean they're totally poor. Another type of peasant would be a Kotter. Now a cotter would work from one to two days a week working the Lord's land and the worst off kind of peasant was a villain of the line would work around five days a week. They were the property of the Lord and the Lord could do anything. He wanted to them apart from kill or injure them. He could sell them he could find them he could treat them pretty awfully now in terms of the picture of a medieval village. It's known as a manorial estate now most peasants did live and work on these manorial Estates and they were made up of one or several Villages which surrounded a manor house and the manor house would be where the Lord lived now if the Lord was away which was very common because a lord could have been a night which again we'll look at later. Then a bailiff would look after it now Bayless job was to look after the Lord's land. His Lords held lands in different parts of the countries bailiffs were really important to look after their land while the Lord's were away. So the Lord kept some of the land for himself and then he divided it up amongst the peasants so he could have it farmed so we could make some profit. Now the next really important individual so you have the Lord who was in charge of the land the bailiff who would watch over the land then you'd have a Reeve or a Reeve would basically supervise the peasants and they would watch over the peasants work now. He divided out the work. He kept the the accounts of what was sold and he also collect the rents from the Freeman. So what needs to be understood as if you were of the line if you were a peasant you had to work there was no disagreement. It was your part in society. It was your place in society to work. But if you were a Freeman as I said previously you would only you wouldn't have to work you'd only work as often as you want. Because you paid rent for your land. As this course goes on the whole definition of a villain was changing because as time went on more people were paying rent, but what needs to be understood the first thing who were the people that lived on this land they were the peasants that had people overseeing them. So the next thing you need to really understand is what sort of jobs did people do on the farm now each piece of farming land. We'll split up into three sections. One of these pieces of lime has always left fallow and follow means empty. The reason for this was to allow that piece of land to recover in time for the next Harvest. That's really important because the one thing people didn't couldn't have in those days was a bad Harvest because of the potential of starvation. Now the three pieces of land was split in two strips of land each peasant, including Freeman had strips of land in different fields, so they had some really good land and they had some really bad land a problem with this was is that some peasants land might be miles apart. So if I wanted to work their land that The walk quite a distance to be able to do it effectively. Now as a farmer the sort of jobs you would do you'd be plowing the fields where you'll be digging digging the field up to make sure that it was ready to sow your seeds. So plowing digging it up the weeding the ground sewing planting your seats and then by the time of around summer time, you'd be harvesting the land taking the crops up ready to take it to a male to make things such as bread. Now the type of crop really did depend on the soil that you had now. This is obviously quite in-depth and it's sort of like farming understanding but then the different types of crops would be things like barley wheat Rye oats, they were all grown in England during the Middle Ages and when the lines are harvested the land they would take the crops to the Village Mill to be ground and they'd have to pay a fee to use the mill. Now farming was very profitable in England overall. It wasn't just your bog-standard crops that would be grown. So what needs to be understood that in the 13th century the most profitable product in terms of farming was wool and made England one of the richest countries in the world some areas of the country especially areas, like the north were really ideally suited to things like sheep farming which links perfectly into the next bit. So just as a summary of that and you know, the type of people that lived within a village, you know, the types of jobs that people have to do with in a medieval village. And now the next thing really is to understand what was peasants life like On the majority. It was pretty tough. It was hot. The types of places so the peasants would live within the village and they live in a very small house with a thatched roof like a straw like roof, and these were known as crack houses. The walls were made of wooden strips woven together and they were plastered not with cement but with manual and this was known as wattle and daub so mixture of mud and dung. But a woman to live in very little Furniture floors would be covered with straw which was you know, quite easy to clean but it could become very dirty and invested quite easily and within these houses it was very likely they were going to be very cold in the winter. Another thing that the peasants would have to share their home with is their animal if they had one. So if they kept an animal in the daytime the animal will be outside grazing. So eating the grass but night time that had to be put in their house to keep them safe from people who would steal them or wild animals who potentially could kill them now in terms of the actual job farming was very very difficult. They didn't have the same technology that we had today. So when you were Having the land that had to be done manually with a tools that weren't really good enough. If you didn't have proper tools, then the work was very physically demanding. If you are a peasant women basically you had no rights. They were controlled by the men firstly they be controlled by their father secondly their husband when a woman married a medieval England, she became the property of her husband and basically this meant that her main duty was Static she had to stay at home caring for the children cooking spinning wall weaving. She grew a very small vegetable patch in the garden to look after animals to look after the children. Then also look talk to the animals. She would also help in time of harvest. Now. What what you'll notice is that peasants work together when obviously it was really important especially Harvest Time. So a daughter will be expected to help her mother obviously if you were You were a boy you'd be expected to work the farm. Just like your dad would the children thinking back to that didn't go to school. Once they're old enough. They join their father in the fields. They wouldn't carry out the hard tasks straight away, but they would clear the fields of stones scare away the birds and the older they got the more physically demanding their jobs got now the opal one of the main positive. So this is it wasn't all ridiculously hard work. Some of the peasants also could focus on merrymaking basically means times where they could enjoy themselves and these were usually linked to either Pagan or Christian festivals and on these days villagers would gather and enjoy things like wrestling different types of sports that archery they'd be drinking ale which is a title you had type of drink And that have sort of games. So in those days in a village if you were a man that could drink the most ale you might get yourself an award, but the problem was this didn't happen very often because L was very expensive. So when they did enjoy themselves then obviously they must have saved up for quite a long time. So in summary life in the medieval town was not the easiest opportunity for people unless you could escape to a town for one year and one day you would have spent most of your life in a medieval Town. Therefore. It was something where your life expectancy wasn't expected to be very high. And if you were born into peasantry the likelihood likelihood is you would die in peasantry. Why this podcast can be focusing on medieval towns, which is the second lesson in the Richard and John scheme of learning. So towns were vastly different to a village now there were aspects of similarities, but on the whole they were a very different area in the 12th century the period that were looking at in this course, the town's went through what some historians call a golden period old towns grew massively and New Towns were met were found because of something called tray. And as I've said towns would be very they wouldn't be massively different in terms of their appearance farming would have still taken place. But a majority of the things about towns would have been very very different due to the importance that they played in raising money for the king. So firstly how we're towns form to most of the towns were established by Royal Charter now a royal Charter could only be given to a from to a town from the King. NG and in return they will get their freedom from the local Lord, which means that the town had the right to self govern itself. They would have their own Law Court and their own mini government within the town Richard and John would have charged vast monies fast amounts of money for this privilege. And one of the biggest towns in England was London, it had its own officials and these men were called Alderman who played important important role in King off to the town in Law Courts. Each Oldman was responsible for an area of London. So because London was so big. They need to separate these men into separate little parts to look after the law and make sure it didn't become Lawless which means there was a lot of crime. And London was a special case because in 1215 they could elect their own mayor of London. So they really did get given extra Power by the king and the king at that time would have been King jump. Let's hounds also were renowned for the different jobs that you could do now in a town. You have to be part of a guild GUI LD and what these were they were basically groups of workers who did the same job so you can only you have to be part of a guild to so you could have unrestricted trade to I'm actually trade within the town and if you weren't a member you couldn't do your job and you couldn't earn money for it. Now in return are being part of a guild you have to promise that you pay your taxes as well, which is really important because the tax money in those days would have gone to the king and that was a big way in which the king made money something called tala judge, which was a tax. Now one of the most important guilds in the 12th century and was basically the the cloth industry anyone that manufactured cloth because the population was growing so significantly it became one of the richest Industries because people needed clothing and top of this the trade England traded a lot with the Low Country. So countries like Belgium today in the Netherlands. Not made the England a lot richer because they were trading with other people. Now a big question you might get is why would town so important to the economy? Why were town so important to the revenue the money of the king. There's a few things you could talk about firstly trade was controlled by tolls. Now whenever someone made a sale or purchase tolls were collected which meant that there'd be money added on top. I mean a modern-day example is if we have v8e added on top of our items. This money will go to the king and on top of that the king would benefit more the bigger the town was for example, London. Also tolls were collected when people use certain roads and bridges to get to towns and to get through town Gates. They had to collect tolls for them to get through and also on top of this any item that sort of came into the country and went out of the country also had a toll put on it all of this money would go to the king of England which means they're going to financially benefit significantly. On top of this buying and selling was also carried out in a local market now every Sunday that be a market in a town and this meant that Traders Traders would sell Goods on open table. So if we think about car boot sales in today's society that's sort of similar but markets and a lot more money. So the stall holders the people that had a area to sell they kept records of what they sold and people went around officials for the king went around collecting rent off the table based on how much they earn and they also charge people for the use of official weights and measures so if you were a baker and you were selling a certain weight edge of bread for example markets were huge booster towns income and allowed some towns to become ridiculously wealthy which in turn is going to benefit the king due to the fact that they were going to charge extra rent for the people who earned extra money now, The trade of towns also required building of roads and bridges and tell governments became responsible for looking after these roads in and around the towns, but roads did Flood very often and they did collapse making travel slow. So this could affect trade. You know, again, it's similar to today's that today's society. If you get flooding in a town, then the business in that town is going to go down. It's very similar to the Middle Ages. Now the town's that really benefitted as well ones with Points now a port is where ships can come into the country and these were crucial to England's trade because they allow Goods to be bought in and sold to foreign countries. It helps speed up train at speed up trade between circles and coastal towns, which meant that trade could be done quicker with in the country because it was a lot trick quicker to travel by sea rather than Road. And the last reason why they tell made lots of money for the King was an annual Fair now some towns hosted at the annual fairs a yearly fair and they were usually held on important years of on the Christian calendar important day. Sorry of the Christian calendar and there's usually lasted several days and got Traders from other towns and even foreign country. So it was a big deal with made lots of money and the purpose the main purpose of this was merry making sports like archery all the taverns would sell Mead which was an alcoholic Drink made from honey Andale and after all is very making the business occurred trade was carried out including trading luxury goods like wine and silk and the key thing about these annual fairs where you could only do it. If you paid the king for a license to hold it and this raised a huge amount of money for the King on tolls and rents for stalls and trade so the king really benefited from this. Then the next aspect is what was life in a town really like so life in a town. The key difference to the countryside was not all townspeople were free. And even if you are from a village if you ran away from one year and one day without being caught then you could also become free this meant that you were choose. You are free to choose where you work rather than being tied to the land as like a farmer like the the lines were in a village. Now back to the job aspect. I'm like the countryside the population of the towns were employed in many different jobs. For example, people became blacksmith butchers Weaver's Builders and the way you do this is by becoming an apprentice. Now, you would be apprenticed to a Master Craftsman. So you basically learn from someone who was really high up in their trade and you become an apprentice at the age of 14 train between five and nine years and then you'd be allowed to practice the trade yourself. It was a real good opportunity for children to work in different occupations and women could also do this but women also had domestic duties to fulfill women did support their husbands. So for example, if a man was a baker women might support them in the bakery or that although their skilled occupation, like weaving very rarely. Some women were allowed to join guilds, but it was very unusual. Now as we know from the medicine course towns were very dirty. Dirty crowded people entered their chamber pots into the street and rain wash the waste into the wells, which would have caused things like cholera housing was built on narrow streets with shops at the front and those days the shop signs would have been pictures because people couldn't read town would have got busy from around 5 a.m. Shops opened at 6 and stayed open until 3 p.m. Some did continue till 9:00, but at the end of the night a curfew Bell would ring which means that people had to leave the town would be Shop fair amount of town was surrounded by a wall and the Watchman would look after the town overnight for any criminals that might be doing things. They shouldn't be doing so that's an overview of the medieval town. Right. Okay. This podcast is less than 3 I'm Richard and John the role of a king. Now the first thing you need to understand what this course at the role of a king was very different to today's Monarch and medieval Monarch was a powerful ruler who had complete responsibility for looking after the country and the kingdom this meant that the character of the King was really really important. If you had a weak King then potentially your government and your country could fall apart the king needed to be strong to control the people. To enforce the laws to keep Justice and also to stop the Kingdom from being attacked from other countries the whole nation very much depended on the king and this was vitally important now in this course, obviously Richard the first is looked as the hero and King John is looked at as the the incompetent King who really did destroy the country. Now, how would you become a king would have one of the main ideas was that in the 11th century than the Norman? Fans who were in power because of William of Normandy after the Battle of Hastings introduced the principle of primogeniture. This idea means that the eldest son inherits all of the father's titles and his land the in this case. It meant that basically the eldest son would have the throne so a legitimate child means basically if they were born to the queen while she was married to the king if they won't All right, then I couldn't become the king and because he would be known as illegitimate. Now this idea didn't really follow through in history in the idea of kingship. But Richard the first was the first king for more than a hundred years to get the throne from his father this concept of primogeniture. And this is why you know having sons in those days were really important for people to have a clear succession pathway. Now prior to this obviously people have been nominated, but this is different which at the first earned his way to the Ship under primogeniture if the succession wasn't done properly, then it could lead to a civil war. So it's important that the king knew who was going to be next in line. Now when the king when the person is identified as the next king, they will go through this process called a coronation now from the moment a king was anointed with holy oils. It is coronation. So that combination is where he's crowned becomes official. Once he's Anointed with holy oil to prove that he's been taking a chosen by God. He took the title of wrecks or king and the King was given a Divine authority meaning he was chosen by God and his subjects could not question his authority. Obviously that causes problems when the pope wants to be a bit more powerful than the King which happens later in the course now up until in this course the Kings Authority was very much accepted until 12:15 when King John was presented with the Magna Carta which To limit his situation as king limit his power and this caused the Civil War when he went against it. So what we need to understand this court is what were the duties of the king? What did he have to do and what sort of things did he do for display? So the duties well as we've mentioned the King was the biggest decision maker in the whole of the kingdom and he had to decide on foreign policy, which was what he did with other countries and domestic policy what he did with in our country, but the king can do exactly what he pleased. So during the coronation the king asked to make a promise that he would protect the people now that basically means the king card abuse his power and it is her in his oath he promises to say for example to keep the peace promises to protect the People by making sure they're not greedy and also to maintain Justice to make sure that people who commit crimes are punished now the king made the laws he was the supreme law maker and he had a duty show fairness if he showed favoritism that could cause problems so to fulfill his oath his promise the King needed to travel around the country here in cases basically a royal traveling court and that's an itinerant kingship. This helps the king build relationships with the most important people in society the Nobles Barons tenants in Chief and he would stay in their castles and basically the more he showed his fairness the more people would respect him. Another really important duty of the King was to protect his kingdom and the people from foreign attacks and Civil Wars one of the biggest threats to the king of England would obviously be Philip II of France. So a king needed to have effective military skills. He needs to be able to plan campaigns direct his armies to choose the most capable leaders and most of the time the king actually led the Army himself Richard. The first is one of the most standout examples of a great warrior. He led his men into Crusade. He led his men into many battles against Philip II to try and reclaim parts of land that were lost while he was away. Whereas John on the other hand failed spectacularly in campaigns in Normandy. Therefore he received the name a nickname soft sword. So this shows he wasn't as capable as Richard but also didn't fulfill his coronation oath his promise to look after the land. Now a medieval King needed to be seen by a subject. That's his key thing. If you're not if you're not seeing then then people are going to doubt your Authority and this was to reinforce the power that he had within his kingdom. So formal occasions were arranged to enable the king to show his face basically and the greatest ritual was the coronation where the King was anointed with holy oil and crowned in front of the most important Noble than clerics religious people. That was the most important ritual the king went through because it made it official but more regular displays of the Kings power will also needed so the itinerant kingship was also important. So people could see him people could learn some respect him and also the king shows his power another key thing was the crown wearing now. Basically, that means that the King has to be seen in public wearing his crown to reinforce his authority. Now the king would be seen wearing his crown on three occasions throughout the year. And this is this happened since the start of William the Conqueror and these would be an important times of the year. So for example, our Easter the king would wear his crown in Winchester Christmas. He'd wear it in Gloucester and at Whitson. He'd wear it in Westminster. These Crown weddings were imported as they were like, they had feasts and they had a big get together afterwards, but the key thing is it encouraged people to be loyal to the monarch. As they reminded people of his power his authority and his sheer determination to be an outstanding King. So the king had many many jobs to do and what we need to assess during this course is how well Richard did it and how well John did it. So the next podcast is going to be focusing on the white religion was important then we're going to look at the feudal system and then we're going to look into a bit more detail about the actual family themselves. Right. Okay. Now this podcast is focused on the feudal system. Now the feudal system was a way in which the king of England in the medieval period basically controlled their land it was a way of ensuring that there was a control over land but also that the king had people doing jobs for him in able to enable him to make sure the country ran as smoothly as possible now, we've got to understand the This time period was a bit different compared to today. It was a really strange and foreign Land There was nearly no real understanding of equality and these attitudes would obviously cause some problems in the 12th century, but basically as an overview the feudal system organized Society into a hierarchy, it means the most important down to the least important and these people would be judged based on how much land they held remember in this period the more land the more power the more importance and when was it introduced when it was introduced in 1066 after William of Normandy won the Battle of Hastings. That's not important to this course for what is important is that you understand how it works. So there's four strands to the feudal system firstly at the top obviously got the king. Now the king technically owns a hundred percent of the land, but he can't look after it all. It's a bit like going to school when a head teacher is in charge. They can't look after the whole school without help as they'll be just too much to do. Just like the king in this period but the king would keep 20% of his land and this was known as The Royal Land the world the mezzanine and this was an area where the Kings will animal with Rome and the king would also like to hunt in this period the king would really hunt like hunting deer. Now. What did the king do now the king obviously is at the top of the hierarchy he is the most powerful person in the country and this is something we've looked at. Previous podcast lessons as a king as a good King you'd expect your people to be obedient and in return under his coronation oath, he would protect his people but there's a problem to do this to protect the people the king needs an army and it was really expensive to raise a an army of soldiers in these days, especially as they needed paying and they needed horses and weapons. So what does The king get out of this feudal system now he gives land and tax concessions. That means that they don't pay as much that they changed compared to normal people. He provides peace law protection and in return he will give land to a group of people called the tenants in Chief. Now these tenants in Chief will also known as Barons and as we looked at in real in the religion lesson Bishops and Abbot's So these tenants in chiefs were highly respected the king would divide his land up and he granted some of his land to these people and they held land but in return they had to do a job for the king. So the tenants in Chief's job mainly was to get get the king of England a an army their job was to provide the king with a quota a number of soldiers and to be able to allow the country to be protected. They also did provide the king with advice and especially in regards to chant the chancellor one of the keep the Kings main advisors that would usually come from the LeBaron or Bishop group. They were very important to the king. They would give advice they were very high-ranking members of society such as the church archbishop's would also be a tenant in Chief. They weren't just there to raise an army. They were important people who helped the king run. the government But the key thing with those individuals were is that they got land they became a vassal of land in return for providing the king with a night service and advice. So just to summarize so far. You've got the king and then the tenants in Chief. Underneath the tenants in Chief. You've got the knights now the knights as I've produced mentioned will raised by the tenants in Chief and tenants in Chief had to do that to keep their lap. Now the knights were also known as the under tenants and what they had to do was they had to work or they had to fight on Horseback in the king's Army whenever the king demanded night to his tenants and cheap. So the king would go to his tenants in Chief and say I need an army. Under that promise to their tenant in Chief. They had to fight they had to fight for 40 days a year also had to help protect the Kings castles for up to two to three months of their reign. In return they would get land. Now there was a problem that the king faced obviously it was very expensive paying soldiers. Well, how did he mainly pain? We paid them in land. They would have received money from that land. But he also got the knights to pay for that own horses and their own weapons now in a lesson that we previously looked at the nights were usually Nords of manorial Estates. Now manorial Estates would be the village. So the knights would also be in charge of a villager. Eight making sure that the peasants were doing their job and they were providing enough income and economy and food for the country. So the knights really important in many many different ways the peasants now the last group okay the last group in the feudal system were the peasants so the knights provided land to The Peasants and The Peasants would not have ownership of this land The Peasants would be lent this land and their job was to work on it. Now there were three types of peasants which we've looked at in our village lashing. You've got the other villains you've go which is your everyday everyday peasant would work three to five days a week. You've got caught ours who would work one to two days a week and then you've also got Freeman who were the while off peasant? Why well because they they paid rent. Now The Peasants were at the very bottom of the hierarchy they were a huge class so numbering around a million people. They really didn't have any power they work the land for their nights and the tendency in Chief and in return they would protect them. So if anything The Peasants got very little out of this agreement, but they did get a piece of land they did get a lamb piece of laminate had to work. They didn't have the best life and we'll look at that in a little. Bit of detail in just a second. Now in terms of how the land was given out as I've mentioned the king couldn't do it on his own go back to the analogy of a head teacher in a school. They cannot do it on their own. So the king of England divided his land into fiefs fi EFS. What a thief was it was a piece of land that was granted to a landowner now when the person gets given a piece of land they Of the Pledge homage. It's basically means that they have to declare loyalty to their Lord by swearing an oath of fealty or loyalty. Now when that person swears that loyalty they become a vassal. Okay, so just go over that one more time. If you want to become a land owner of a thief you'd have to pledge homage to your Lord by swearing an oath of fealty. LT out of loyalty and once you've done all that you would then become a vassal a vassal is someone who simply holds land someone who has done homage to their lord for that piece of land now when you did homage you had to do it in public and the reason for that is It shows that if you don't do your job for that land that it could be a pun attend a an action which is punishable by death because it's treason to break the oath now as I mentioned the king did keep land and most of the land was divided up amongst his tenants in Chief and then they would be passed down the land. The fiefs were scattered across England. The Barons did keep some land for their liver their own and then I did the rest between their nights. Now. This did becomes some little it could become a problem to a degree. The reason for this is because if a Barren had a lot of land they could have quite a large night and they could become something known as an over-mighty subject. This could be very problematic for the king if a Barren decides to overthrow and rebel. If someone doesn't do their job, then they have to Forfeit their land now, this is where the this is where the feudal system works properly. If a vassal didn't do that oath, then the Lord could take their land away. So for if a night didn't turn up to fight, then he would lose his land. He would forfeit was known as forfeiture Okay, so Just to go back to the two groups the two biggest groups at an exam board might ask you about other the knights and The Peasants. So the knights as we mentioned the knights would get their land from the tenants in Chief and this was known as the knight's fee and the Knights have to do a range of jobs. Serving the Army for two months at their own expense. They got their own horse. They got their own armor. They've got their own weapons. And if they conflict lasted for more than two months, then the king would have to pay. For today service in protecting the king's castles castles were very important to keep be kept hold of. And help pay money. If a lord was captured help pay a ransom fee never really important. Lord was captured in the medieval period part of something known as chivalric values meant that they would be well that a ransom could be paid instead of them dying. Now how many nights were needed. So if you're a tent in Chief the amount of nights that you got the king depending on how much you land. Now, this was known as the surbiton debatin. The big eagle and the mold nightshirt to have so some tenants in Chief had to raise 50 to 60 nights. Some of them had to just raise a handful it all really depended on the amount of land. They would they had under the feudal system. Overall. There were about 5000 nights in England. So that shows that the feudal system was absolutely vital in gaining this protection for the country. The last thing to look at is the peasants. Now as I mentioned that was three types, which I won't go over again, but these individuals had to work for their land they have to work for their lord and their usual work was known as week work the plowing the sewing the harvesting the everyday farm work to make sure that the Harvest was successful. In a time of extra work a peasant might have to do bun work which is extra work and that would be around of extra work around the Harvest Time. Freeman didn't need to work on the land because they paid rent and the one thing that peasants did not owe was military service. It was the duty of their night to protect them. So a peasant was never expected to do military service under the feudal system. So overall the feudal system helped significantly in development of sharing land out making sure the king could control this country and if he was away, which Richard was for quite a long time he could still have I structure which worked.