So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing yourYes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some tips and just start open discussion because this isn't just applicable to stem. This happens everywhere, especially the higher you go in education. So hope you guys enjoy. Tails here kind of wanted to pretty much introduce who I am as a person. So I was born in Trenton, New Jersey and then I moved down to Jamaica Port more to be exact for seven years. So I went when I was eight I tend to agree to put my primary and then Holy Childhood High School that I came back to Willingboro high school or started in 9th grade. And then I graduated in 2015 and then went on Cyril University Rowan was actually a pretty interesting University because I didn't really know what I wanted to do. So I was kind of dabbling in engineering I figured I want to do something like that. Then I realized it wasn't necessarily for me. So I did engineering then I started out in physics also wasn't too sure how I felt about it. It but I end up finding my place in biofuels because my Pi is our principal investigators. They did more of that research in their lab. So I was with two different pies at the time. I was with Professor Dobbins, like really great woman and really inspired me to be the researcher and physicist. I am today as well as preference manucci also very great Pi on this really love them to death and for giving me the opportunity to Sign my love for Science and just being a researcher in general. So after graduating from Rouen in 2019, I got my bachelor's degree in biophysics. And then I went on to University of Central Florida where I'm currently doing my Master's in physics. So when I started to get into physics, I was like really excited because I did take like a Physics course in high school. So I was like, all right. This is going to be fun. And same energy all that stuff, but when I went to ruin diversity and I had studied intro to mechanics which is like physics one pretty much right introduction to that. I didn't really feel welcome. And I was the only African-American woman in that class and it was only two women that class. So the rest were male and you just feel kind of uneasy because I'm used to having like an equal amount of both sexes. But of course the higher you get an education you'll start to see see that there's less women or less minorities and this is something that like I went through only it's something that a lot of people have stories about which is very interesting because you would definitely want your physics department to be more diverse and really inclusive. So that's one thing that I started to realize as I started to take more and more physics courses was that there was pretty much a disconnect between how everything really should be operating definitely after being in these programs. Value starts identify like hey, there's biases against us and you definitely want to be able to address the stuff because you don't want others to go through the same issue that you did. But you also want to have open discussion. Like I am now like definitely be open about this that because it is happening and the fact that nobody is talking about it does bring around. That issue as well. So definitely putting that out there into the air is that you can see the disconnect from afar and it's not necessarily that it's the professor's fault. It's really a situational eyes kind of barrier that people go through and there's many problems out there that are trying to definitely address this and make it better for incoming students because as soon as you know, We're coming in from sometimes financially unstable homes, and we have responsibilities at home that we do have to take care of. So to add this onto our page definitely makes it hard for you. Once wanting to stay in Academia as many are right now. So if we disconnect between how you're supposed to feel also there's a report called team up. Report which goes through some of the stuff that students may be feeling fresh African-American students and one of the factors that they actually talk about is belonging a lot of us go in twos institutions and with a leper and pasta right imposter syndrome feel like we don't necessarily belong there, but they're there for a reason. I'm pretty sure we're there for a reason right we did what we had to do and we're accepted in his program. So it's more like why are we feeling this way? And sometimes the program's make you feel that way. It makes you feel like you're not good enough is because you're not necessarily acknowledging who you are in that program. You shouldn't let people I kind of dictate. Why are you there? Like you're there for a reason and you shouldn't feel like you're you shouldn't be there because like you put in all that hard work. So for you to feel that way is very sad because they should be offering that support that you need to be like, hey like you're doing great even though some people don't necessarily Need somebody on the back like oh you're doing this you're doing great. Like it's more like just identifying somebody and acknowledging that they are there. Another thing that the team report talks about is your physics Identity or it could be any identity like to be a chemist or your biologist or you're even doing literature or any of the field, but you have to kind of have your own identity. You shouldn't come in and they lump you with like everybody else. You should feel like I am going to be perceived as a physicist in the future right or astronomer or chemist. So definitely you want to perceive yourself as going on in doing more. You just don't want to come in there and be like Oh, I'm just doing this to do this. So you definitely want to be able to have that fixed identity and there needs to be Programs out there that help to implement that they're like, oh, you know Provide support as far as you know, like little programs and just reassuring them like hey, you're doing this and you're going to get to where you need to go the end of the road and you're going to be happy with what you did. Also. There should be more academic support. So this is one thing another factor that they talk about and as far as academic support, I feel like Just need to be able to. group kids together based on maybe what they see as lacking or an asset so that they can help each other because one thing that I know Professor to do is they'll put people in groups, but it's not necessarily effective because most of the times all these kids know each other so like it's like, you know that in so doing what they're supposed to do, but like it's a good time more rather than focusing on the work that's hand and when people Tend to know each other or coming as a cohort, it kind of leaves less room for other nuisance to come in and kind of socialize with them and that may also make them feel like they're not a part of the program. So definitely that is one thing that we see is a lack of academic support and just talking to students like professors going to students with the 101 and be like hey, how are you? How do you feel about physics little things like that really go a long way? A few other things that is also addressed is personal support So as African-American students again, we may have these Financial burdens or even distress from home, right? And then if we bring that stress and financial burden to school, you're not performing as well as you would have a few were under so much stress. So definitely professors acknowledging that students do have a life outside of school is something that we don't normally see and Your you know, they should be definitely more considerate understand that we do have live but sometimes they just assume student is like not during the homework because they're going home or just watching TV, but in actuality they may be facing different things at home. They may be the sole provider for that home and just have to take care of siblings bills things like that. So that's one thing that also poses issue too many students in Academia as well as leadership and structures. I feel like There is in a lot of leaders that are African American in stem. And of course, there's a lot of there's like people out there but as far as you looking up to somebody at an institution at the school like a professor, sometimes you may not see Professor that looks like you and that can also cause a big issue as far as excelling and just moving forward because hey, you don't see anybody that you We identify with so also makes you very uneasy and you kind of don't want to talk to other so you start to isolate yourself. So these factors are like things that minorities do have to go through in in a higher education and Academia and even in the workforce, which I'll do another podcast about but I will put the link for the team up task force below because one of my Pi is Professor Dobbins is also a part of that task force. So she sent this to me and should be very useful and just wanted to share that with you guys because this is something that poses a threat to success of minorities as far as going far in Academia in higher education. So here are some tips that you can find very useful as far as navigating and just being successful in your field. So you definitely want to be okay in your own shoes right again going back to a sense of belonging you belong there. Right? Don't let anybody take that. You don't belong that you're here for a reason and you're doing what you have to do. So. They don't anybody say that you shouldn't be there because you're there for reason to accomplish what we need to accomplish. you also want to be understanding of like what the profession may be going through like sometimes you may need to talk some but they have things going on between different want to be considerate and just understanding that they may also have things going on when going on to this next point which is picking a mentor so you definitely need a mentor like no matter what you do you can have Mentor that is either Professor or somebody's may be older than you but you definitely need a mentor because they help to kind of show you the inner out of your field or just life hacks has some people call it but you want to align yourself with them because if you're struggling with something for instance, you're struggling with like a sense of community. They may know somebody that is like making a program or trying to include students and a counter space and these counter space are pretty much spaces that students look for where they feel comfortable and not have to hide. You know, what they need to say things like that. So A sense of community they may point you to the place you need to go. So you definitely want to Mentor that is willing to say hey, I may not know about this topic, but I can refer you to somebody. Who does so you want to pick a mentor that's very effective that gives you great feedback. You also want one that is going to be down to earth and tell you what it is. You know, you don't somebody that's be like, you know, trying to cover up what they need to say or like anybody's backpedaling you want something like that straight forward and what their straightforwardness they are still mindful that they're not passing a boundary. Right. So that's one of the things you need to do is again find a mentor be okay on your own shoes. And you also need to be an advocate for yourself. Right? Because if you don't do it who's going to do it for you by being an advocate? You have to kind of put yourself out there. You have to promote yourself make business card things like that. Like this is the era of social media. So get on Twitter. Get on Instagram get on Facebook and kind of align yourself with groups that you want to be associated with for instance. They have things for physicists is quite nesby. Not as big and as BP, sorry, which is a National Society for Black physicist nesby is like an undergraduate Society for physicists as well. But right you want to join these groups online that have seconds which is Society for example of Chicanos and Native Americans in science. You have q if which is conference for undergraduate women in physics, and when you go to these conferences you were pretty much networking but in doing so you're putting yourself out there. You're being an advocate for yourself your lens. Vanilla, hey this meeting going on and surprisingly they will offer you opportunities or they'll talk to you about that stuff and find ways that they can help you. So you want to be your own Advocate promote yourself and doing this you will form a sense of community that can help support you when maybe your institution may not be doing that or your program. So deftly promoting yourself or being advocate for yourself is definitely important. And something that I highly recommend and put on the top of the list like top-tier kind of thing because you want to make sure that you're in the right Community right the best community best atmosphere and usually these conferences offered that because all these students or instructors and these people instead are doing that because they want to network with other people. They want to talk about their research. They want to Talk about some stuff that they may be dealing with and ways how they can counter that and make it better for students or others in the field. I also want to give a shout-out to dr. Nicole Cabrera because she's somebody actually met at a and it's BP conference in Ohio and it's funny because you think that you're never going to like sees people Oh again, or like, you know and I saw her again at another conference at a mentoring conference and it was just really good to see her because she was able to provide me with the resources. I need to get in touch with other physicists and tell them what I'm going through and just get the help. So her website is called move boldly and mo ve b o LD l y and basically she is Very amazing woman. She's pretty much on point with these issues that we are facing and addressing them and she has many resources like she is the CEO of this company and she was able to give me some resources like for instance the Vanguard stem for a woman of color but girls guide to grad school things like that, which are very important for students as they are going through Academia and just want to I thank her for pretty much hearing my story and giving me the confidence to share my soul of the people in the next podcast. I'm going to talk about some of the stuff that I went through and something that you can do to pretty much prevent this from happening to you and just identifying what these issues are and adjusting them. So again, just want to thank dr. Nicole for everything and I'll drop down. Link to her website and some other resources down below. Thank you.