I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice on the tools gadgets software and techniques for maximizing your enjoyment of the night sky your host our Tony Darnell from Deep astronomy dot space and Dustin Gibson from opt telescopes a world leader in telescopes and accessories. Sean you are doing incredible work man. Where are you in the country? Thank you. I am actually in Canada in Kitchener, Ontario Canada. And where is that Ben? And I guess I don't know Canada's. Well that should Southern Ontario. So it's sort of it's maybe about two hours away from Niagara Falls if you're heading north. Okay. Yes. You're pretty far east out there then. Yeah, so, you know where you know where Toronto is I would assume. Okay, so we're just about an hour west of Toronto. Okay? Where where I'm located? Yeah. So when does the wind is the cold break for you? Then that far north? Oh it it's kind of hard to say it sometimes stretches into April but I usually start seeing some more clear skies near the end of February and into March we go through our cloudy season as we call it here and it usually starts about mid-november and the carries through so I'm hoping that those clear skies will start coming soon, but I usually end of February March is when we start seeing temperatures warm up and we start getting back into some clear skies, you know. With having whether that's so uncooperative. You're still able to put out a lot of content. Yeah. Well a lot of the content focuses on picks and site in particular and how to use it. That's pretty daunting software for image processing and there's a lot of people that are using it there's a lot of people that want to use it. And so those videos are actually fairly easy to produce you can obviously do them inside doing videos that are outside and trying to get new Images to work with and doing these new videos that's that's tough when it's cloudy season. So things sort of slow down a bit on that end of it. But once once I get the better weather coming in the clear skies, I can start pumping out more content. Yeah. Well, it sounds like you've got still a little bit to get you there though, right mean. Yeah, you know now it's common with forecast is showing some signs of hope so good. Maybe my sanity will return because I'm going crazy right now, you know, I'm interested in that because you To tackle picks Insight which when you say it's daunting. I mean for anyone listening that hasn't used picks in sight, you know, imagine Photoshop. If nothing in it were intuitive, you know, it's like a super complete right? You be like Photoshop. Yeah, like Photoshop most people though that kind of learn if you're into photography at all. You've kind of learned the language of Photoshop or at least Lightroom, you know with pics Insight. They're like, yeah, of course, you know, what the Hollow Circle means against the square versus the triangle, you know on each like there's nothing about it. That's instructional. Yeah. There's there's not a lot of instructional information out there on it. It's growing it's getting better. I know that the team had picks Insight is is developing more documentation as we go along but it was never something that was out of the gate had a lot of info on how to use it or what the terminology meant for a lot of the scripts and stuff that are used. Inside it so it was it was pretty tough. I when I started using picks and say I actually didn't like it. I found it extremely frustrating to use and that led me to go back to photoshop. Actually. I sort of fell backwards and continue to use Photoshop, but then a friend of mine Ron breacher who's asked murtagh refer and he was the guy that got me onto picks and site. I started trying it again, and he He was instrumental in teaching me some of the things that he had learned with it. And once you sort of get the basic understanding of how to calibrate your images in it and how to do a rough process of of an image. It actually isn't that hard it starts to sink in and and then you start getting sucked into it because it's a really powerful program and there's a lot of features that are really really quite useful when you're processing images. Okay before we get too far Down into the pics Insight Rhode Island. We should take a step and just introduce it to people who maybe have never used it before so this is a software package. Is it available for its for processing as images that come off of a camera? Yeah, is it does it run on Windows Mac and Linux or it runs on Windows and runs on Linux? Yeah. I'm not sure about Mac myself, but I know that it runs on Linux. I'm pretty sure about that and windows definitely because that's what I'm using it on. So that's money. Yeah. It's about the last price I saw was about 350 Euros if I'm not mistaken or somewhere in that price range. So it it's not necessarily cheap, but it's cheaper than Photoshop in the long run. If you consider the current cost of you know, using Photoshop through adobe's platform, if you're using it that way. Yeah nowadays. You have to pretty much get a subscription and you do that way. Absolutely true. It's right by it. Outright. Yeah. Well, so you runs on Windows and Linux, which is that's awesome. Yeah, you can get it for Linux. But it does it does it work primarily with Fitz data or does it work with any other kind of image format? It works primarily with Fitz data, but it also supports for our images from Cannon has example so you can import your CR2 data and work with it. Just as you would a fits file, so it's really a complete. I haven't found any files that won't load. It into it. Yeah, they're yeah, it's yeah, they're pretty much isn't anything that that won't load into it for them. You know for the most part. I haven't I haven't actually ran into anything myself that you know, I can say that I had a problem with so it's pretty well-rounded in that sense even Fujifilm, you know, because they use that extra and sensor which doesn't have a typical Bayer instead of having a bigger Matrix. That's red green green blue. There's his across 36 pixels before it repeats again, and you know really it took forever for Photoshop and Room to support that because you think about how much work that puts on the software developers to have to you know, everyone else has this standard and then you broke that, you know, I was really really surprised to see, you know, such a small program. Well, the developers have pics insight there Pleiades Astro they've really put a lot of work they put a lot of work into this and oh, yeah heart and soul and and and and you know there there are amateur astronomers there astrophotographers to so they have the passion for it and it certainly shows in the the Where I think anyways and how its developed just in the last two years even it's it's actually developed quite rapidly and expanded. So on the can I just ask you about while we're on the topic of pigs inside. Why would I want to use this other than it being sued? It's designed for astrophotography. I get that it can read fits images. But why would I spend that 350 bucks or whatever it is to use this over over the over say something like Photoshop. Even something that's free that's out there to work. They can work with fits data. And and why would I go through that learning curve? Why would I want to do that? What's the about that's a really good question and I asked myself that a lot too why I did that the end result is really I come back to the fact that it's the the pics incite program is designed for astrophotography. So it has a lot of features built into it that are specific for that for those type of images. Where as Photoshop as It is more of a you know, it's a platform a wider platform that it's geared towards it's not really specific to astrophotography. Now that being said there, you know, it really depends on what you like what your preference is and in the end and I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact that someone created picks incite and I happen to work hard to learn it and actually really fell in love with it. Whether you use Photoshop or use picks in sight, they're both they're both very good programs and they both can achieve great results in terms of processing your astrophotography images. I just find that the pics and site is more geared towards that and it has the capabilities built into it to make it a little easier. Once you understand the terminology and once you understand the workflow within picks and cite it actually is a lot easier to produce say if you're producing Hubble palette images as example using or HF and Euro 3 and your S 2 filters the the process to actually calibrate and align and combine all of those all of that data is actually a lot easier to do than it is in Photoshop it and you can't even really do it that well in Photoshop you need another program like deepskystacker say or something like that to do it for you before you even bring it into Photoshop so picks and site as well around it. It takes care of everything for you from start to finish. It's just a little tough to understand the terminology and it's a little tough. Understand the workflow but it's something that you have to sort of just keep plugging away. I keep practicing and keep keep trying to learn and eventually it'll click one day and you'll be laughing and it'll work great. So does it is the workflow something like this? Then you give pics Insight all your raw images the ones you've taken of the let's say Orion Nebula you've taken let's say 30 and then you also feed it your darks and your biases in your flats. And then what you get out at the end is a calibrated co-edited its image. Is that what you got? That's yeah. Basically that's exactly what you're getting. So they have waited batch pre-processing script within picks and site that you can bring in your light frames your flat frames your dark frames your bias frames and you can have pics Insight you can basically instruct pits and picks and site to put all of that together for you. So it'll take all of the flats all the darks all the bias and it'll do what it needs to do to create the Masters and Will apply that to your light frames and it will align those light frames for you and it'll stack the light frames for you. So it effectively creates the master light frames for you in the end and you don't have to do very much other than just feed it the information that it needs the data that you've collected. Once you're done with that those light frames are available to you to begin processing and and then that's where you get into your workflow. You've effectively will admit develop a workflow at some point. When you're using picks and site and one of the things that I learned in picks and site for workflow was to create tabs icons on the side of the workplace of the workspace. Whereby it gives you sort of an order of the steps that you would take in order to process an image and that gives you an idea of what your workflow will be as well. So it gives you a visual on it as you're going along, you know, I got to do this step next I got to do this step next and that works really well. That's something I learned along the way what's a light frame. Like frame sub so your basic your Broadband image that you took with the camera or your narrow band image? Okay. Yeah, it's referred. I don't know what terminology you guys used. But often it's referred to as a light frame its referred to a light frame inside inside picks and side anyways, and sometimes they call them Subs as well. What did you refer to them as at dark sky or I'm sorry the dark energy survey there were just they were just data frames. Yes. Because we didn't we just whatever whatever I just hadn't heard the term light frame before you use the same calibration frame terminology though. You had flats and Byzantine. Yeah. Flap Camp is yes and all that and there was there was another level of calibration that would go into it as well. If you wanted to like automatically extract galaxies and stuff. But that's a that was a step that was specific to the what we were doing, but I was just curious what you know, if it also rotated and registered these images or do you just does it do it on a step-by-step basis and you come out with us? A series if it's images that you then have to go add together but it sounds like it does it all yeah, you can do it two ways. You can certainly have it produce all of the frames that are aligned and ready to stack on your own if you wanted to do it that way because you can you can do some fine-tuning adjustments and picks and site with the stacking routine. But I find that the weighted batch pre-processing script that they've developed which is a new one that they introduce just a boat maybe two or three months ago which replaced the Original one that new script works really well for taking care of pretty much everything that you need to do in terms of calibrating aligning and stacking those images to to end up with your master light frames that you can work with. Do you use it much Dustin clicks inside or do you do something else? I use it for most of my images actually. It's I went the same way. You did Shawn I got into it because it was recommended to me by a friend. That was he was just doing this incredible work and it's like you gotta have it's in sight and after about a week of trying it. I just got frustrated. I didn't want to mess with it. I didn't want to learn felt like every step just was so much more complicated than it needed to be and I got away from it. I went back to photoshop and started looking for other things. I was using nebulosity a lot which I still really like nebula. I started out with them be lost back. Yeah. That was that was a great program. Yeah. Yeah. I really like maybe lost in his said the Simplicity of it Craig Stark did such a good job with that. It but it's just such a complete program pics inside is that the appeal was always there. It's like well if I could just get over this learning curve then you know, I could I could do so much more with my images. I always knew that to be the case. It just took me a long time to really want to commit to it and to learn it all in and I still feel like I mean, I haven't I haven't just but graze the surface of pics inside. There's so much you can do and I really just use a handful of tools. Yeah, I agree with that entirely. I probably even with the amount of knowledge that I have a picks in sight. There's still a lot that I don't use within it that I would have to learn and understand more of its purpose and and how it could improve on the images that I'm taking but for the for now anyways with the amount that I do understand and picks and site and the amount of time it takes to process an image. That's probably enough for me when you spectate 10 hours processing an image. You're literally looking to add more time to it. Like yeah. Yeah, and I don't do anything like that. My image processing time is like 10 minutes, you know her like, you know, geez, yeah, it wish mine was still running through it. Yeah, I run to it. That's not the part. I enjoy enjoy the shooting. I don't enjoy, you know, the processing city of computer with everything that part tends to frustrate me. Well, I think the processing got a little more I the I found that the astrophotography hobby has gotten a lot more competitive people. Trying to really you know, come up with that wow image and they're really putting a lot of great work into a lot of hard work into it. So, you know, you gotta up your ante and spend the extra time when you're doing data acquisition or or even processing is what I found. Yeah, it's a good point. Yeah, definitely and it is it's becoming a fairly competitive environment, which is it is fun to watch. I don't really participate in the competition. Side of it, you know, but it is fun to watch because you're seeing the best all push each other and just crank out this work. That's you know, incredible. What wouldn't be possible. Yeah, some of us just phenomenal to see I'm really impressed with a lot of the images that are being posted to social media and whatnot on different forms that people have taken and and you know, whatever they've utilized to produce them. A lot of them are just really fantastic if you think about how far things have come for us to be doing this. In our backyards, basically and taking images that were once in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling, right absolutely. And you know, I think that people that understand computers it seems like take two picks in sight really quickly. I don't mean in general but I mean like computer programmers and yeah, I feel like this is probably a program that would immediately click for you Tony, you know with the background you have and everything sounds like even like Rogelio when we were talking to real heli over like he He gets I mean, he's writing a book a full book on picks Insight, you know, and I feel like people that really have that computer background. It just makes sense to them. Whereas, you know, everyone else it's like what the hell am I looking at? Yeah, if you have a computer background or your very very much into math picks and site will make sense to you really quickly and and whatnot. So it's definitely geared towards a special someone but it doesn't mean that you know, you can't learn. Earn it. Even if it's not your thing. Some people are more artistic than they are mathematical. Right? So it just takes a little while to get used to picks and site and like I said, it's terminology the terminology for the most part is kind of throws you off. I think some of the crazy names the fancy names that they have four things which you think we'll why didn't they just call it this or why there's call it that, you know would be more more, you know, I understand and they didn't write you know, like multiscale linear transform. What the heck is that? I have no idea what to do with that. Right. So, you know, it's stuff like that. Once you start understanding what the basic tools do and you know, then it becomes a lot easier to utilize the program and it's got its got a lot of like I said a lot of good features in it that really delve into the fine details of of processing and image that even Photoshop wouldn't have if you look at like noise reduction as example compared to photoshop pics and sites noise reduction capabilities in the tools that it Has phenomenal compared to photoshop Photoshop just doesn't have anything that we could bear to it. So there's a lot of reasons to make that switch to picks and say not just for noise reduction. But this carries over to other aspects to the processing. Well, it sounds like it's adding a professional element to your amateur data. So to me that sounds like definitely with doing I want to tell you just a real quick story about something that occurred to me while you guys were talking about this program when I was at the dark energy survey. I worked with a man really talented guy Emanuel Burton. And he wrote a piece of software program that was command line driven. It sounds a lot like what fix in sight does except that it did it for astronomy data whenever there's large amounts of data come in terabytes of data. You don't look at each image individually, but you want to know how many galaxies for example are in there. And you also want to know if those galaxies are one on top of the other or are they two separate Galaxy that's called the blending. Well, he wrote this software program where you could basically configure it in any way you Wanted with a with a config file and people's research depended on this program. That's how widespread it was used throughout the professional world and he called it Source extractor, but in order to use it you had to type in sex because he was it was like it was sex extra source extractor s extractor the first time I saw it I thought sex tractor and then why did you name this a what? You did because because I just love the idea of professional astronomers typing insects on the command home. So there's a little bit of professionals when he but that was what I was it was a lot like this a learning curve with steep. You had so many variables you had to configure I was lucky enough or I was you know, actually quite honored that one of my routines for normalizing a point spread function for a specific telescope was included in the source code. So it was Really? It was like the standard for people who did surveys and looked at large areas of the sky and needed to extract, you know, magnitude 20 galaxies, you know, we're talking dim stuff. So, you know, it was it was really a cool cool project. That's what this reminds me. A lot of that in the sense that it's a used its ubiquitous. It's very capable and it's quite professional in terms of the fits images that you get back. Yeah. I wouldn't in just going back to picks and site there for a second. I wouldn't necessarily get too caught up in then what software you use initially when you're getting started, you know picks and site as I said is pretty complicated and it takes there's a learning curve to it. So if you're using a software currently that like Photoshop or something similar that's available for free that you understand. That would be the best way to go about getting a started on that's how I did anyways and Photoshop was producing some great images for me back in the day when I first Didn't they try to keep it eventually learned to keep it simple where when I first got into the lobby. It was rather I did it the hard way. So I just wanted to throw that in there real quick though about picks inside because you know, you know when you get into a hobby or start doing something it becomes, you know, it seems like a lot of work or it's really just too frustrating and you you abandon that that effort. I don't want anyone to necessarily fall victim to that like I did where you know, I just I started out wrong and Make things really difficult for myself instead of making it fun and keeping it fun. So well, that's the beauty and a lot of what you're doing. Now Shawn I think is that you know, both of us got started and then jumped out of pixton site because it was just frustrating but you're kind of carving a path through those weeds for people to just say okay trying to this will get me from A to B without that frustration and I think that's very well. Yeah, I get a lot of feedback from the YouTube channel for some people that are just Getting started and learning picks and site or want to and they certainly convey that the videos that I'm producing are helpful to them and provide them with some insight into into the program and how to use it, which is great. But I understand that it can still be challenging and I one thing that I found as I went through the hobby over the years. Was that the it's I sometimes made it more work than I'm fun, and that was a bad direction to take the take the interest I had in astrophotography because the when he when he turned into a job when you make it feel like a job, it's sort of that. It's not as fun anymore. You lose the fun component to it. So that's why you know, I like to help people learn picks and site if that's what they're interested in doing, but you don't necessarily have to start with that a lot when we got a lot of great ass photographers producing some fantastic. images that are still using Photoshop as example and and it might be easier in some cases for people to use Photoshop versus picks and site and get started in the Hobby and keep it fun as they learn and progress well and I usually assume that anyone that really gets deep into the hobby will end up with pics in sight but I almost always recommend people starting with nebulosity just because the success rate goes so far up, you know with people I used to be lost city when I first dated and it was great program. I loved it. I would it was great in the feel too and I traveled the dark sites and because it was a it was a very few know small compact program and it worked really well Gathering the the the data that I needed and and then even just processing it, you know, calibrating the images and producing the Masters was great to use it and and then I would take those Masters over to photoshop though and and finish processing in Photoshop. So but nebulosity. I love the program use that for many years actually when I was first starting out. Yeah the Three PhD combo the whole thing cost like 95 bucks or something. And yeah, it's yeah, it doesn't cost very much everything. It's so you know data acquisition guiding and processing. So that's it's a tough combo be can do you can do it all in there if you want to do. Yeah. It's a great. It's a great place to start. That's for sure. Yeah, I would I would recommend nebulosity. Yeah. So what is this still update? Yeah. Yeah. Craig was actually in the studio not long ago. He was on the podcast what just surgery? Yeah want to remind people he was on the pipes. A podcast several episodes ago. So yeah. Yeah, we check that out. Fantastic. Okay. Yeah, that's great. That's good to know because I haven't used it in years. But I mean, like I said when I started out it was it was a great program and it sounds like he's keeping up with it. So that's fantastic for anyone new. That's getting into the lobby. Yeah, he's done a phenomenal job with it. But let me ask you show them. What kind of equipment are using right now interesting question. Well, I've gone through a lot of different equipment since I started when I first started just to give you a bit of background real quick. I was using a an unmodified so a stock DSLR 350 Rebel that I had bought refurbished from a local electronics store and I had that hooked onto a 8 inch CPC 800 SCT and I was running at F10 and I was trying to do ask for astrophotography and it wasn't even on an EQ wedge. It was all to as so I was really setting myself up for a lot of failures in that regard, but I've Progressed over the years with different equipment different type of refractors and different type of reflectors and whatnot. But currently I'm using an esper E100 from Sky Watcher and I have a Moravian 16200 enhanced cooling CCD with the filter will built inside that is attached to it. And I also have I also have a Broadband camera that I bought on the side 168 a qhy 168 see I brought that bought that specifically for testing some of these new filters that are out for Broadband cameras where you can take narrowband data with them your HL 4 and 0 3 and all in one shot and I was curious to explore that a bit. So I bought this this qhy camera to do that specifically and that's been that's been really interesting actually get a very good results using that especially from my light polluted Skies. Yeah. Yeah, you did the video with our Triad filter. That's right. Yeah the Triad it was really fun. I had a lot of fun working with that filter and the images that It produced and I often recommend it to people when I'm talking with them about equipment and what they could add to their Arsenal that would be useful because that that filter worked really well. I liked it a lot. In fact, I found that it worked better than some of its competitors out there and I would definitely recommend that one for sure that's it was one of those things where You know, we put it out, you know, it's especially the Triad Ultra because then we were talking about, you know sub 5 nanometer passes. So really really narrow. I mean therefore nanometer passes but we put that thing out and then we immediately started seeing these other filters coming out and like are great. Like there's going to be some good stuff coming out here. Maybe somebody will do a three or whatever it is. But what ended up happening was a lot of them just came out as other light pollution filters and then said like oh, well, this is You know 25 nanometers so we can say it gets, you know, multiple ban passes in it, but it's really like that's just more of what's always been there. That's just you know, a wide filter that's going to let a lot of light pollution in but the ultra is I mean, it's almost Hubble narrow. It's truly for passes at 4 nanometers. I mean we're talking about like I just shot with the supermoon out this week and I live literally right now. There's a huge Street Lamp, right? My front yard and right between the two I took a picture of the back of my scope to show this because it's just funny but literally pointed between the Street Lamp and a super moon and I shot the rosette right through it, you know, and it's just showing up in that was with just like a Fujifilm camera. Yeah, and it just shows all the great. That's a great test. Yeah. I mean it shows up in color right there on the back of the camera and it looks like any other photo I've taken, you know, it's just like signal is through the roof because you know, you're so narrow. Yeah, so It's a lot of fun. It's really phenomenal what you can do at the filters. Yeah. Absolutely. I had a narrow band. If you're in the city situation definitely is a good road to go in terms of astrophotography and utilizing these it's great to see the these filters coming out onto the market and that that there is a market for these filters and these these technologies that you know, we can harness and make the hobby even better in in light of the problems that we battle. In trying to do our hobby, you know with the ever-growing light pollution situation and whatnot. So and how is your situation out there? How bad is the light pollution? Well, my city is actually doing better than most. We're still classified if at the city core we're still classified as a board elate sky, but in my I'm on the outskirts of the city, so I'm dealing more of a portal six sky for the most part on average and if I'm shooting into the Estee get into maybe a five because there's it's just agricultural land in that direction. So there's not a lot of light pollution emanating from it, but my city is working. They are working towards reducing light pollution. It's something that I actively engaged in. I've been doing since 2008 actually and advocating for better lighting that has led me down a lot of different paths and I've been you know contact with a lot of different people and discussing things and even our street lights being switched to LED that was something I was involved with for over a year in inputting information and stuff so that we could maybe get it right instead of getting it wrong like so many cities and towns have so we're sort of considered much to my surprise and some discussions I've had on line with the light pollution abatement that Kitchener is actually considered a bit of a trendsetter when it comes to lighting and the initiatives that were undertaking in trying to protect and maintain Dark Skies as best as we can but it's hard to do when you have a city that's growing and you're having new hoses going up a new commercial buildings going up because along with that comes all the new lights and it's a never-ending problem, but we're certainly making strides to try and use better lighting and to use shielded lighting lighting that's you know, directed down and not up and not its But there's still there's still more that we could do. So that's that's a battle that's ongoing for me. That's great that you're getting some wins. You know that I mean how many people have we heard Tony saying that they're fighting a light pollution thing and then, you know, they just can't like they don't they can't get the wins that you're talking about the city doesn't listen or people are just the word that is really tough safety. It was like, well, you can't make it darker. It's going to be unsafe. Yeah, you get you get a lot of perception that comes into play people false Notions that people want to use to justify lighting or more lighting or over lighting and it simply isn't supported by the science out there at all. In fact, there's there's actually scientific research controlled research studies that were done with cities that they increase the lighting in one town and they decreased it in another and the crime actually went up. in the city that had more lighting than the the then the other City the other City didn't have an increase in crime and it was kind of interesting that the more light the more criminal activity there was so there's a lot of science that disproves some of these perceptions but what you get for the most part is the officials and politicians talking about the the usual spin on going to something like LED lighting which is that it saves energy and it reduces the the greenhouse gas emissions and whatnot and people understand that and that's what they absorb out of it. A lot of times. They don't realize that even though you have this new technology. It doesn't mean it's automatically environmentally friendly at all, and you can you know, like with most Technologies there's good and bad and there's good and bad ways of using it and unfortunately we started out into the LED realm of things around the world on the bad side. and it's only in the last year or two that the research and and the manufacturers are actually starting to come on board more now and produce Amber LED, which is where we need to be back at because a lot of cities are mimicking daylight, which is just very bad for the night environment across the board and we need to get away from that and it's hard to do but it's something that people are battling more and more and I see a lot more activity in a lot more a lot more talk about light pollution. And I think eventually it'll sort of become something that sinks in and becomes more important to society but it's going to take a lot more of a learning curve for not only The Advocates but also for the people just the general public to be able to absorb and understand that even light can be a pollutant in their environment. So the blue the blue Were LEDs are not good for Night Lights while the Amber ones are better? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah the yeah, you're basically anything that what they're saying now basically is 3000k and up so your 3000 or 4000 or 5000 K LEDs. Those are those are really not good to be using if you're going to use any of them though. You'd want to stick with the 3000k because it's a warm white as opposed to a bright white with lots of blue in it like the 5,000. okay would be so you get into very very bad adverse effects on the night environment ecosystems the more that you mimic daylight because it throws off a lot of like foraging patterns and predator-prey patterns with regards to Wildlife or insects and stuff and we're seeing a huge decline in the insect population because of the increase of light pollution around the world and The LEDs if they're not done, right? They're not helping they're actually increasing light pollution, even though you'll hear from officials, you know over and over again and even in the newspapers and what not. You'll see, you know, they're talking how it reduces light pollution and that simply is not true in all cases. Well, hang on just a minute though. We this is some of this isn't new. I mean mercury vapor lamps had the same color temperature as a lot of these LEDs do and we didn't hear about the the migratory insect patterns and all of that. Kind of stuff being affected by it. Now. I admittedly there's a lot more of it now than there has been what we were using mercury vapor lamps but a big reason for going from mercury vapor which people still use today. It's not really changed any to sodium vapor lamps is that they were at least they had the advantage or the characteristic that they could be filtered by astronomy filters and many many towns built. No. Yes, you're observatories. Have you see just a sea of orange everywhere because it's Sodium vapor lamps so I'm curious about that argument about night. I mean, I'm sure it is affected. I'm not disputing the science, but I'm wondering is this is always been a problem then because LEDs have the same color temperature as a lot of mercury vapor lamps and those have been around for decades. So we must have always had this price. Yeah. I think the problem actually goes back, you know, in terms of research. It goes back a couple decades or more there is research. To support that even even your high pressure sodium in your low pressure sodium lighting was a problem in terms of environmental impacts depending on how you use it and whether it was full cut off or it wasn't and you know, things like that over lighting versus using just enough light for the situation. So but I think also what we're seeing is a dramatic upswing in terms of the research that's being done on light. Pollution and its effects on various species be that, you know Wildlife or insect or plant species or even its effect on us, but there's more and more of it being done and there's more researchers more professionals out there looking into this problem and I think even though the problem already existed, I think it's only at this point that with the amount of research and study that we're putting into it that we're seeing come out of it that we're really beginning to understand it and take it more. Really and I also so right. Yeah, I mean it would be great to see if everyone would just turn off their lights at night. You know, that's a light pollution is a really it's kind of funny because like pollution is one of the easiest pollutions to finish the whole and in our world Hideout just turn off the light. Well, it's a flip of a switch. I literally write the idea has been fighting a lot of these myths for decades right this idea. The crime is correlated with you know, lights and all this kind of stuff and isn't Drive why why why do car dealerships have to be seen from space? I'll never understand that. Yeah, right. So it's like they don't they don't but they'll go back to scary. Yeah, but light light light fixture doesn't call nine-one-one, you know what I mean? So you're better off to have some on-site security personnel and video cameras and stuff. That's all your power. Even IR cameras. Yulish. Our cameras are amazing. Now that they got the security exactly are LEDs. Are they filterable by these? Is that we're using an amateur astronomy? Not really pretty broad band for the most part. So it's yeah, it can filter a little bit of the problem but led is certainly made it a lot more challenging for astrophotography. But that being said, I mean, I'm surrounded by LED lighting for the most part and in my situation and I don't have I don't really have a huge impact to occurring in terms of my ability to image the night sky and produce some good. Just it just takes a little bit of thought as to what type of image your image you're going to image. You know, it's how bright it is and given your you know situation that you're dealing with in terms of your Sky glow and whatnot. And also how you're going to approach it in terms of the technologies that are available to image with whether you're going to do narrowband. You're going to broadband and what filters you're going to use. So I'd say that we don't have a solution to effectively Notch out. Edie in the problem that it poses depending on the the Kelvin and stuff that you're dealing with but it doesn't mean that it's the end of the world either you can still continue to you know, produce some great Astro images. Well, you know a long lot really far by just using a full cut off light fixture man. Just fucking you just point them to the ground amazing. What? Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. I was wondering when you said that you had been you'd had some success out there with the light pollution issue of just wondering, you know. A pellet guns. Are you guys all running around there with taking out all these Street lamps, you know. Yeah. That was actually that was something that was suggested to me by a few people actually. But yeah, I know it's been a I mean, I won't say it's easy. It's doing the light pollution. Advocacy is almost what I consider a part-time job. It takes a lot of phone calls and there's a lot of emails and there's a lot of research that goes into it and the average person. Just wouldn't be doing what I do in terms of trying to fight, you know, a pollutant the way that I am but that being said it's something that's affecting a passion of mine. The night sky is important to me. So it was a natural fit to be an advocate for it watching. I mean, I remember back 30 40 years looking up at the night sky here and I could see the Milky Way over our city and today that's not possible. It's completely It was gone so that that's pretty frightening. And so I keep trying and I keep plugging away at it and man and it's an uphill battle credible what you're doing shopping all the way around in your work really is phenomenal. Anyone that hasn't seen your YouTube videos. What's the easiest way to get to your to your channel? The easiest way is just to go to YouTube and do a search for Visible. Dark Astro. Yep, I did and if they do that and what we started and subbed and I'm yeah. I think yeah, I think my mug shot gives excellent work. So what's correctly click on are doing a lot. What's got you so committed what keeps you running this hard what keeps me motivated a lot of coffee. Well people don't realize when you're in the astronomy business that you know, your business is during the daytime, but your business is also during the night so Yeah, what keeps me motivated is it's just a sheer passion for the hobby. I love it if I could if I could make a full-time living at it. I would definitely be doing it. It's just one of those things that I enjoy and the you know it like everything it has pros and cons from time to time and I deal with that and overcome those hurdles and continue on with the mission at hand which is to Deliver not only some great images that I take and show people how they can achieve the same but also in my light pollution advocacy and keeping that battle going and trying to reduce the pollutant that is destroying our night sky. Well, why don't you give us some advice based on some of the stuff that you've been through when you started out you been at this a long time. So to thee the beginners that are listening to our podcast, what would you say to them? What advice would you give them for start now either in a bit visual or astrophotography in terms of getting started in the hobby? Yeah. Just what advice would you give somebody that's if you're starting out, you know, I started out with a small pirate telescope of sorts. That was my dad's and I was looking at the moon and the got fascinated in that manner and then it led by RIT. Yeah pirate wenger's killer. Yeah, I would I would stand in the kitchen and I would look through. Pirate telescope through the glass window that's healthy and I've never heard of that brand. Oh, yeah. I know. It's not a brand just the type of telescope. Yeah. I did you go iron look at this. So that's what I started out with and that got me that caught me a crystal scoped. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. Well, it was a telescope of sorts. So that's what got me started and I I basically started learning the Night sky that was one important thing was to learn, you know where the planets were. Obviously the Moon is easy to spot but learning where the planets were and also understanding where the constellations were and the different Stars so that you could find deep Sky objects that was important. You can't just buy a telescope and pointed and think that you're going to you know be wowed because it doesn't work like that. You have to you have to put a little bit of a little bit of work into learning the night sky, so Definitely pick up a book or even an app for the phone. They've got a lot of apps nowadays is that you can some of the apps are great. Some of the apps are fantastic and they give you a good visual, you know, you can hold your phone up and you can see what's in that area of sky that you're pointing your phone towards it'll actually tell you so that's a great way to get started and and it doesn't cost a lot to do that right to appreciate the night sky, you know just going out on a clear night and seeing the moon and and maybe Jupiter or something like that shining in the night sky is close together is a phenomenal sight to take in so you don't necessarily have to have a telescope and what not to be able to enjoy a lot of these Celestial views. And other than that if you're getting into astrophotography, I would definitely suggest nowadays getting one of the cooled CCD are sorry, not CCD the cooled CMOS cameras that they have available because for the price of them now, I mean, it doesn't make sense to use a DSLR. Anymore the price point on these cooled Astro cameras has come down so much that it's a great means to jump into the Hobby and utilize and pair that with an appropriate telescope, which is one that's going to be most likely it. What I would suggest is a refractor because it's easy to use you don't have to constantly collimate it and definitely a short focal length refractor. You don't want a long focal length F seven or f8 or anything like that. You want to keep it at five or or less so that it has a wider field of view for you and it has more light Gathering Power which will make things easier when you're learning to actually take astrophotos and your you know, it's mounted on an equatorial mount in your guiding and whatnot. Yeah, the I guess the only I'm trying to think of one of the advantages of having a DSLR now and I guess it's because you could use it for other things gasps told me a lot about these new Fuji cameras that are out of that. I'd like to try out but the advantage Tony Really just having the computer built into the back of it. You know, that's that's the advantage is not the DSLR. Yeah. Yeah, you know that's that's the real difference. I mean you don't have a cooler. But like I was just shooting my Fuji on a little refraction. I agree with everything you were just saying Sean. I think those are great recommendations, especially the refractor piece, you know, so many people get frustrated by the idea of even collimation, you know, aligning the mirrors each time that kind of stuff but the refractor I just Do the fujian it every now and then to test, you know, different products or filters or whatever and that's what I really like about it is just the Simplicity of one. I'm going to see the Imaging color which is fun. It's kind of like fishing and then the image pops up and it's all wow every time but the other thing is that, you know, the first part of the processing all happens right there when you push the button the camera does it, you know, it will even do the dark subtraction each frame for you so that you don't have to shoot dark. So you don't have to do any of that. It's just, you know, when a camera is called long exposure. Is reduction but that's exactly what it's doing is doing a dark frame each time. And so I like the do I know they did that? Yeah, I like that and I like that, you know, the processing a lot of it is built into the camera. So, you know, you don't have to have the computer. You don't have to have you no cables or any of that stuff. It's just push the button see the image and so the Simplicity is worth a lot. But you do give up cooling. Yeah, you do give a cooling you do give up some sensitivity to I think with regards to A stock like if you're using a stock DSLR versus a cooled CMOS, which is you know designed for astrophotography. But the he's like you said the Simplicity of the DSLR is very appealing and certainly that was something that I had originally done was used a DSLR and it was a it was fun just to even put the DSLR with a lens on a tripod and take some 20 or 30. Exposures and see the results. So there's a lot of ways to get into astrophotography that you know don't have to break the bank and they don't have to necessarily be very complicated either. It all depends on what your interest level is, I guess and you know how far you're willing to the amount of time you're willing to commit to it. Yeah. Absolutely. Well one thing I want to say Shawn is that I don't think this is said enough by people for Content generators like yourself, but I think that what you're doing is so important. Important and giving people digestible information in a way that feels empowering instead of you know makes you run from it, which a lot of that out there a lot of the content being put out. There is a look how smart I am type system where it's really, you know, you're either doing it for attention or you're doing it to assist and I think the people that are trying to educate you and Tony among those and the people that are trying to put out this content in a meaningful way to Help people. It's very obvious what you're doing and why you're doing it and it's really one of the best things about my job and I post about this about my life fairly regularly is that you use the word passionate and that's what keeps you doing all this because you're having to run at a level that you yourself even admitted people wouldn't do what you're doing. Nobody wants to break up their day in their life that much, you know, right but being surrounded by passionate. People is such a tremendous advantage in life. Like I can't tell you the kind of conversations that that I get to have on a daily basis just being surrounded by people like yourselves and even when Tony was here like the quality of conversation goes up so much when you're talking to somebody that's passionate about something that there's no way to be uninspired moment-to-moment. There's no way to sit and do less with your life, but it's such a thin line between Watching TV or pushing yourself on something like it is a moment by moment decision in when you're surrounded by passionate people. The decision is always made for you by the excitement and just how contagious that passion is that you know, I don't think people share enough in the comment sections or even through the DMS online or through social media how important this stuff is, but it's very much appreciated what you're doing and I would imagine that people are you know, gaining tremendous? Benefit from both of you. Well for my side of it, I appreciate the kind words. Thank you very much. I certainly you know, put a lot of effort into doing what I'm doing and I try to make it appealable to just about anybody whether that would be someone that's beginning or someone that is more advanced. But I you know don't necessarily want to have it come across as stiff for or two rigid or all about me because it's not about me it's about My interest in the Hobby and what I've learned and what I can share with others that will help make the the hobby that more enjoyable for them. Yeah, I would Sean and I were talking before I hit the record button about you know, this this attitude of wanting to pay things back but we did this sent there's this sense of gratitude and I don't know if it's because of the field that we're studying or if it's because we're looking at the Universe At Large, but we feel at least at some at various stages in the hobby of amateur astronomy. We've were grateful for that for the help that we got started out. We grateful for the advice the patients that people who had more knowledge than us had and getting us where we were and then when we finally reach some plateau of some kind there's this drive to give back and to you know, pay it forward to those and that's what you're doing now Shawn. So it's as does I want to Echo that what doesn't said, you know, it's valuable and it's critical not just for the survival of the hobby, but just to remind people that you know what we're losing. A natural resource and we read it read it. This is precious to us and we should think about it or you know, don't be intimidated by you know, going out and looking up might still my favorite thing to do is to just go outside and sit on and just sit in a chair and look in my look two stars on my family just to Marvel at it what I love to do. Yeah, that's my favorite thing to do. And so it's just it'll always be important. And so yeah, I just want to say keep doing with Joseline and yeah, that's so definitely anybody who's listening to this podcast check out Shawn Nielsen's work. He's odd called visible dark on YouTube. He's also got visible the website visible dot visible dark visible dark dossier visible dark again. My favorite part of every podcast visible parked here. I thought it was an easy here. I am the only reason I do this. Yeah, so go there not see a visible Dart. That's the A and check out his website. Look at his equipment and you know interact with them on YouTube you doing he's dreaming. No, I actually haven't been into doing any streaming it largely because I haven't learned what's involved in it. So it's something that I'm looking at doing in the future. But well now that you've got pigs inside under your back and now I've got time to look into the other for sure picks Insight check for people that want to support you. What's the best way for them to do that? You know what? I don't do this for anything other than the sheer enjoyment of it. So, you know, if people want to send me an email and just tell me you know that I've helped them in some capacity. That's fantastic that makes me feel really good and if they're having trouble with something and they need some help or that they're not getting maybe they can't find it or maybe my videos and or maybe my website didn't answer the question for them by all means just shoot an email to me and I'll you know, you know, do what I can to answer those questions. Perfect. Great. Awesome. Thank you. All right. Well anything more doesn't know no, this is a wonderful podcast. Thank you for joining us Sean's I appreciate being on it. Yeah very much. So thank you very much. Absolutely. It's been a fun talk. So I guess today with Sean Nielsen. He runs visible dark dot c a and a YouTube channel by the same name check him out. I'm Tony Darnell on behalf of Dustin Gibson. Thank you all so much for listening and as always keep looking up. Space junk is produced by Deep astronomy and sponsored by opt telescopes in Carlsbad, California. Please visit our website at space junk podcast.com. Also, please send any questions and comments or ideas for new episodes to space junk at Deep astronomy.com.