Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a hard worker her brother described her as kind and saying that she was always willing to give up anything and everything for anybody. She cared about Dorothy worked for the swinger psych shop, which was conjoined to custom John's head shop and at the sweeter side shop, they sold psychedelic beads, lava lamps things like that, and it was actually previously owned by her father Jacob. He worked there as a back office secretary and had been doing that for years when she would go to work. Dorothy would drop her son Sean off at her mother and father's house in Anaheim and leave him there for the day and her father Jacob and mother Vera would watch Shawn. It was the beginning of 1980 when Dorothy started to receive some really strange calls from a man who she reported to her family about she told her mom her dad. He's very close with them and she told them that she was getting these calls and she's like the weird thing is I can't tell who it is, but I recognized the voice. What was he saying on the phone calls? So that's the interesting thing. Sometimes he would threaten her and sometimes he would tell her how much he loved her and how beautiful she was and how he wanted to like take care of her. He would call her work sometimes her home and he would tell her like what she was wearing that day and things Like that, this already is reminding me of Richard Farley the case of cover while back the stalker case. It's weird how when there's someone kind of obsessive like that it always ranges from anger to love and compassion. It was really Back in Forth one night. He called her and told her to go out to her car alone and when she got out there which why she went I have. Oh no, hold on. Yeah, that's horrifying. He's just like he calls her says go out to your car. She does and she finds on her windshield one dead red rose and that's it Dad. Like just just dead. No, not a life Rose like it's been pressed or something. No, I don't even think I've been pressed. I think it was just like he had gone about a rose watched it die. And then I don't know why that Wilt I don't know why that's tripping me up, but I just need I have follow-up questions about it. I need to know how it got too because you don't typically do that. You can like give pretty vivacious flowers. It yeah, I think he was trying to send a message. Yeah, some subliminal stuff there. Yeah, I would say he's using subliminal messages in that phone call, but it doesn't always go that way and another phone call shortly after that. He says quote. Okay. Now you're going to come my way and when I get you alone, I'll cut you up into little bits. So no one will ever find you end quote sounds pretty sketchy. I don't know that I want him calling me. So yeah. Yes, and she just she had no idea who this guy was. She had no idea. She thought it was weird because she's like I definitely recognize this voice but like I can't put a place on it. I can't figure out where it's from, you know, and she like was telling her mom and dad about this all the time and she actually got so scared that she did was like I'm going to start taking self-defense classes and she considered getting it done, but she wasn't really into guns and she decided not to get one because her four-year-old son was in the home. She didn't want anything accidentally happen. So she decided against the gun and just started doing the self defense classes Eric. I think that's something we should go do some time together. Just take some self-defense classes. I think that would be a good idea Abby, but I don't know if I'm coordinated enough to do the self defense classes. That's how you go practice. So you get more coordinated got it. I think you could do it if you say so on the evening of May 28 1980 Dorothy had a meeting that she had to go to work at swingers all the way to the meeting Dorothy dropped her son Sean off at her parents house like she did every time she went to work and her parents said that everything seemed normal. She was communicating with them. Normally she seemed in happy mood there were no concerns. And so she goes to this meeting and at the meeting one of her co-workers Conrad Boston started to not feel very well and he wasn't looking great and they're like something's not right. Let's take you to the hospital because He had this red mark on his arm that was swelling really big and they got really concerned. So Dorothy decided to take him to the hospital and her other co-worker Pamela head decided to tag along on this trip. They took him to the ER at UC Irvine Medical Center in Dorothy's car. And on the way to the hospital Dorothy said I have to stop my parents house on the way there to check on my son because I need to like tell my parents. I'm not going to be home right after the meeting and this is Ey since this was 1980 they didn't have cell phones. So they could she couldn't just text or call our parents real quick. So she was just like we'll just stop on the way to the hospital one thing that Pam and Conrad state that was a little weird about the trip and they stopped at her parents house Dorothy went inside wearing a black scarf and came out wearing a red scarf. She switched while she was in there and that was the only thing that she switched but they have no idea why and they don't know if like, maybe there's something on the black scarf so she switched the red scarf or What it was yeah, if maybe it was cold and she wanted a warmer scarf or vice versa. I have no idea. It's just it comes into play later. So that's why I'm okay get it out there. But I know it's a weird thing for me just put in there, but that's the only thing that was a little bit out of the normal with anything with Dorothy that night. I think it would seem more normal if they were going on some outing but they were going to like the hospital so wide that is odd. I have no idea. Maybe she thought black seemed To dreary for hospital. I have no idea so they get to the hospital and Dorothy and Pam are waiting in the waiting room together just chatting talking with each other catching up waiting for Conrad to finish with his doctor visit. So it sounded like Conrad was having issues, but he wasn't like life-threatening. Well, it sounds fairly casual considering well, so they weren't sure what was going on. It turns out that he had a spider bite from a black widow. Spider and he had like the poison coursing through his veins from that so a little life-threatening but not to the point where I mean, it was interesting that it wasn't serious enough in their head that because they made a stop, you know, I definitely thought that was weird too. But because I'm like, they could have gone to the hospital and then called home to sell it tell them that Dorothy wasn't gonna be home in time or she could have dropped them off at the hospital then we ran home. I don't know but I don't know that if they thought it was super. Emergent when they were on their way or what the thought process was that was going through all of their heads around 11 o'clock at night Conrad comes out from visiting with a doctor and he gets in line with Pam at the pharmacy to get his medication Dorothy at this time goes out she's like I'm going to go get the car Conrad's not really in like a state where he should be having to walk through the parking lot to the car. So I'll just go get the car. I'll drive up. I'll pick you guys up and we'll go and they're like Okay, cool. So Pam and Conrad get his medication as soon as they do they Go outside and they're waiting right outside at the front door waiting for Dorothy and about 20 minutes later. They're still waiting and they're super annoyed. But at this point they're like, where is Dorothy and finally about 20 minutes and they see her car coming toward them. We want to take some time to introduce you to one of our sponsors and our personal podcast parent anchor is an all-in-one platform for creating successful podcast view your phone or computer. It allows you to record edit. It and distribute your podcast to list any medium such as Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more anchor is free easy and does not require a minimum listenership. They will even help you find other companies to sponsor your podcast. So you can easily make money download the anchor a poor going to Anchor dot f m-- to get started making your podcast. So at this point Pam and Conrad are waiting on the sidewalk in front of the hospital for Dorothy to come get them and they see her car coming toward them, but something isn't right. Car was driving very fast for a parking lot and very fast for somebody who had plans to come to a complete stop and the high beams were on which was blinding Pam and Conrad and they couldn't see into the car all the car ended up driving right past them and Pam and Conrad's that they were like waving their arms trying to get our attention because they're like, hey, we're here in the car just like flew right past our they absolutely certain it was her car not so we'll just the same car. They were certain it was her car. I don't know the exact details of why they were so certain that it was her car. Maybe the parking lot was really empty. There's no other cars are something where they were at, but they were certain that it was her car. So they're waving and everything and because of the high beams and the all the light that's shining into their eyes. They can see into the car to tell if Dorothy can see them waving at them or if Dorothy's even the one driving the car. So they see the car drive straight out of the parking lot and it takes a right out of the parking lot and just go down the road and Conrad and Pam are like well, maybe she forgot something at home or there was an emergency with her son or something and they're like, we're just gonna wait here for her. There's a few things in that thought process that I find flaws with one. How would she found out if there was an emergency with her son if she didn't have a cell phone or any communication at that time. I mean sure I don't see how she would know and two why wouldn't she tell them like, hey, I forgot something. I'll be back. Well, I she forgot something. It doesn't make sense. Like why wouldn't she just get them still if it was an emergency, I guess and she just didn't even have time to stop. I don't none of that thought process makes sense. If I were them in the situation. I feel like I would think something was up like exactly so here's my question for you if I took you somewhere and I just left you without saying a word but I wouldn't have cell phones. I just left without saying a word fly off. I like you could see me drive right past you. How long are you going to wait there before? You do something about it? I wouldn't wait personally because I know you wouldn't just take off on me. So I'd probably go back inside and try to make some phone calls and figure out something what's going on. I don't know since they were just co-workers if that's something maybe totally out of reason for her to just leave them and ditch him. I'm not sure their relationship. But if it's a decent person you would think that what it just do that. I would like to think that you want to just do that, but I don't Like you said, we don't know the relationship exactly that they had together, but Dorothy had volunteered to take Conrad to the hospital everybody described her so kind and everything. It just doesn't seem like she would just drive off and leave you there definitely seems out of character, but Pam and Conrad decide to wait two hours for Dorothy to come back. I mean, there's no one else that could go inside and call or even just oh two hours in they go inside and tell hospital security that their friend Dorothy is missing. Huh, and then they call Dorothy's parents to see if she had been by to pick Sean up and they're like no she's not been home at all. So the parents get really concerned and they call the police to report her missing there like something's not right. But how often do we see it where the police are like, you know what she's 32. She's an adult if she just wants to up and leave. That's I mean, that's her right. She took her own vehicle. She I mean, it's not like she did it committed a crime. I mean, yeah, I'd like rude for her to leave you there. But she did nothing wrong technically in the eyes of the law. Yeah, it's unfortunate that the police can't sometimes objectively look at it and say hey if the family and them are coming forward and saying she's missing we should look into it, you know, sometimes there they don't want to believe it's something like that. So we see it in cases like this where they like she's in a door there Steven. In cases were there like we can't files a missing person because they're not under 18. And so that's insane. That's not real life. Like people go missing regardless of age the exactly I mean, we have like an entire podcast about people that go missing and it's I mean, how many times is it under the age of 18? We try not to do too many kids episodes. So, I mean it's it happened so often and it blows my mind how much police are just like no nothing will just on It and it is it hurts but a few hours later around 4:30 in the morning on May 29th. 1980 Dorothy's 1973 white Toyota station wagon was found in an Alleyway in Santa Ana California engulfed in flames. Not a good sign. No not even worse sign is the fact that all of her belongings were in the car, but Dorothy was mad at Also, not a good sign. No, unless you think of it like, oh, I guess maybe she's alive somewhere and she just caught her car on fire then left totally normal, right see it all the time. This is really the point where police decide that they're gonna start investigating the case because they're like something's not right. Her car was just on fire and I'm glad that they finally started taking this case. Seriously at this point. I am luckily. It was only like five hours after she had gone missing so they were able to start Investigating it pretty quickly when police start investigating. They tell her parents Jacob and Vera to keep a really low profile. They're like don't do anything. Just keep it on the down-low. We're gonna solve it and did they inform the police about the random phone calls at this point? I believe that they did inform the police at this point. If not, they did a week later when Dorothy's mom Veera received a phone call. It was a male voice and he said, Said are you related to Dorothy Jane Scott? And she's like I am like I'm her mom and she's like hopeful like maybe he has information. He knows something that happened. She is really excited and he just goes I've got her and then hangs up. Well that's effing the horrifying. I agree absolutely horrifying. I don't know what I would do in that situation and Jacob decided that whatever the police are doing. It's been a week. That's enough. They're done. He's going to take it into his own hands. And so he immediately goes to the press and talks to the Santa Ana register and they run an article about Dorothy and how she's missing and they're trying to get the information out there to see if anybody knows anything the same day. It was published the editor from the Santa Ana register named Pat Riley gets a phone call and he picks the phone and there's a man on the phone and he goes I want to talk about Dorothy and so Pat's like, okay like What do you know about Dorothy? Tell me tell me we know he goes quote. I killed her. I killed Dorothy Scott. She was my love. I caught her cheating with another man. She did not I'd having someone else so I killed her and quote and I'm not sure why but Pat kept talking to him. I think he was just trying to get more information out of him. You know, that makes sense. See if you can find anything to figure out who this man is and you know incriminating even more and when I was doing this research I saw That like it's pretty common for people to call in to newspapers and say I committed this crime which I'm not sure why you're calling into newspapers to confess to committing random crime that you didn't commit but okay Oh, you mean like people call in and say they did it even though they didn't. Yeah, I think some people on a sick way think it's funny. I can't imagine how but I don't know. I also can't imagine how people are murdering people. So, I mean, that's a whole nother thing. But yeah, there's a lot of things that I can't imagine that people do and And so he stays on the phone to see if like, this is a real thing that could have happened if there's any stock and what the man on the phone is saying and so he kind of starts asking the collars questions and he knows a lot of different things about Dorothy that had not been released publicly yet. And he knows that Conrad had gone to the hospital the night of the 28th. He knows that Conrad had a black widow spider bite he knew about The fact that she was wearing a red scarf. He said that Dorothy called him from the hospital and asked him to come pick her up and Pam comes forward about this and she's like, there's no way that Dorothy called him from the hospital. She couldn't have done that we were together in the waiting room the entire time you were there Dorothy left for a few seconds ago the bathroom right before we left but that was it. Well, I kind of want to go back to the fact that he knew about the spider bite because that means he was with her after that information was told to them like he had to have been at the hospital after after that that he finds out exactly and it's it kind of shows just how much like he was stalking her because he knew that she'd switch from a black scarf to a red scarf which would indicate he they were he was following her and about the spider bite. I mean, all of it is just like he had to have been following her or she somehow knew him and talk to him about but I mean, we won't know who she talked to and her last moments obviously, but I'm assuming if she told somebody it would've been somebody that she would have known somebody that she knew that did it that she felt comfortable enough to talk to it about or somebody that she didn't know and that was stalking her and just paid attention to everything that was going on in her life, which we already knew that he was stalking her because he had known other things and like what she was wearing on certain days when he would call. This man kept calling and taunting Dorothy's parents every Wednesday every single Wednesday. Did she go missing on a Wednesday? Yes. She did. Okay, I was gonna say I was wondering why that Wednesday would be significant. Yep. It was everyone's day cuz she went missing on a Wednesday and so every single Wednesday for the next four years. They were never able to trace it or anything they tried. They had the police trying to trace this call. It was connected, but he would always hang up just before they had the chance to trace the call. It's like he knew that they were tracking him. The calls would only come when Vera was home alone. Not everyone. Jacob was home, which is interesting as well. He would claim that he was holding Dorothy hostage. He would say that he was tortured her. He would say that he killed her he would talk about how he loved her. I mean he would say anything and Nothing to this mom. That was so emotionally tormenting to her that I can't even imagine what that would be like to go through after just having lost your daughter well and it's interesting too because in stalking cases, you don't see that like residual - like you doing this where typically if they go after what their focus on are the person they're focused on it kind of ends. They're not to continue on and calling the Hold which makes me wonder if maybe he did kill her and then was trying to look for some way to hold on to her. And that was through her mom and that's kind of what I think but I mean, I don't really know. It's just it's a hard because it's like did he actually kill her or was it just some psycho who was just trying to get some attention and just he was having fun knowing that he was tormenting someone. Yeah. I mean, it's possible this guy had nothing to do with her disappearance. And just latched honor maybe even the stalker was in the one who was responsible and it was someone else in the stalker was latching. There was a time in April of 1984 where the caller called the house and he made a mistake Veera wasn't home. It's just Jacob. So Jacob answers the phone and they decided that it was the same man that had been calling because it was a Wednesday which was the day that he called every week and it was around the same time. I've been calling for the last four years, but I wonder why they didn't set it up to be like that so that when he called someone else answered. I think I would have gotten a new phone number. Yeah, or even just I mean something like that or something to trip them up like because you said he specifically would try to call and speak to Veera. It would have been I wonder if they ever had a day where they're like a weird like the police here and the dad here and we're baby fear is going to be here but someone else is answering this. The phone and just wait that 24 hours on that Wednesday. Yeah. I mean, I don't know if they did try different little tactics like that, but it seemed like it was always fear that was answering the phone which I don't know if she was maybe trying to look for some sort of closure and hope that maybe one day he would just give it to her was she telling them like do the police know that he would had been calling? Yeah, the police were trying to trace the call. So they were like, I think they might have even been there on Wednesdays waiting for the call to come in. Yeah, I guess I just wonder I they just had her answer every time when that call came through and Jacob answered the phone though. They said nothing. Jacob said hello, and he got no response from the other person on the phone and the other person hung up pretty quickly and after this the call stopped for multiple weeks. And so there's a lot of theories about why the man didn't speak if it was the same man that had been calling and one of the The theories is that remember how I said Dorothy had said that she kind of recognize the voice of the caller on the phone, but couldn't pinpoint it. They think that maybe Jacob would have known the person better and been able to pinpoint the voice of the caller if he had heard it it just kind of raises in it that I keep going back to why they kept saying up like that like would it have been on speakerphone? I have no idea why they didn't do speakerphone and if they did then it wasn't released but it is said that Jacob had I heard the voice of the man before the phone which is why they think that I don't know if Jacob was never home because they always said that they called when Vera was home alone. So Jacob must was been gone at work during the day and that's when the man was calling the house. Yeah. I don't know I guess I mean we don't have the answer to that. It's just it like it's one of those things that just probably sticks in other people's heads to it just seems odd that they would have liked maneuvered around that situation, but who knows later in 1984? On August 6th Dorothy's partial remains were found in Anaheim, California by a construction worker and I would like to apologize to Abby before I say this next part, but her remains were found with the remains of an animal on top of her bones as well. And it wasn't just like a while animal. I'm not gonna go into too many details, but it was an animal that's more of a pet. So they had a lot of questions. About it because Dorothy didn't have a pet. So they had no idea where this animal came from but it was obvious that the two had been buried pretty much at the same time, which is really sad, they found a watch with her that she had been wearing and the watch had stopped on May 29th 1980 at 12:30 in the morning, which I think it's weird that the watch batteries either went out right of that night or I don't know if somehow the attacker took it made the watch stopped at that time to kind of give an idea of when did it happen or there are some type of maybe like forcefulness that broke the watch and that's why I stopped working which is possible. I yeah, I don't know the exact details of why the watch stopped working. I just know that it did and they were able to officially determined that the remains were that of Dorothy and they were not able to determine the cause of death as she had already been dead for four years at this time, which does mean that when the person was Lean and tormenting Vera they were calling and not being honest about the fact that they were torturing Dorothy. That was a complete lie. So they either had nothing to do with it and they were just in their heads imagining that they were doing random things or they had been a part of it and just decided to try to torture her mom throughout the calls. The last call is received shortly after her remains were found and the man said quote is Dorothy home. Home and quote and that was the last call the family ever received from this man. So let's talk about some of the suspects involved with this case. There isn't a specific person that they're like, oh this house a hundred percent had to be the man but there are some pretty decent suspects. They believe that one of the suspects is that maybe it was someone that was involved with swingers where she worked and that that was why she recognized The Voice And why the man didn't want to talk when Jacob answered the phone because Jacob was the previous owner of it. So he might have known the voice of the person a little bit more. It also explained why he knew what she was wearing frequently why he knew specific details about her life from day to day if he did see her at work or even work with her. He could have been one of the delivery men that she liked signed off on deliveries with because she'd was a back office secretary. It could have been an employee. E or a previous employee that had worked there when Jacob had owned the place and he had just met Dorothy through that he could have even been somebody that worked at the head shop that was attached to the building and these all are like plausible and I could see it just being somebody especially since she did think that she knew the voice of the stalker and they do believe that the stalker is the one that ended up committing. The crime is their biggest Theory it's one of those things where as possible. It wasn't the soccer, but it's almost too big. Of a coincidence to not be I agree. I kind of think it's the stalker. There is a theory that I'm going to go into briefly because I go into it for too long. It'll be a whole nother episode but there's the theory that maybe the Golden State killer did it and it wasn't at all her stalker in 2018. They were able to identify the Golden State killer as Joseph James DeAngelo, which I think we're going to cover an episode about that in the future. So we'll go into more detail about that. He was active from 1974 to 1986. So that would have phone right in that timeline with the 1980s and there is a little bit of a connection. So in 1979 Keith and Patrice Harrington were killed by the Golden State killer three months after Dorothy Jane Scott had been abducted so they were killed August 19th 1980 and at their home in Orange County and the connection Was that Keith hairy titted actually work at the UC Irvine hospital where Conrad had been taken? So we do know that the Golden State killer did find somebody through the hospital and commit a crime using that but he wasn't known for the stalking in the tormenting and all the calls and stuff. So if it wasn't the stalker and it was the Golden State killer then whoever continue to call Vera had nothing to do with the crime and they were just trying to torment her for their own. Retainment did they ever investigate Sean's dad? They did investigate him. They interviewed him but he had an airtight Alibi and I mean he was living in Missouri and it was able to be proven that he was in Missouri still at the time of this murder. I think one of the suspects that a lot of people really think might have had something to do with it was named Mike Butler. He was the previous owner of the custom John's head shop that was connected to the swinger shop and he was rumored to be unstable. Really? He was also rumored to have ties to cult activities and he lived alone in the Santiago mountains and people just really thought that he was this odd guy who you kind of wanted to steer clear of we've known a couple of those. It's like something's just off. Did he have a criminal past? I don't know if he did there wasn't a lot that I could find about him. I did find that he had passed away in 2014, but other than that, I couldn't find to too much information about About him Dorothy son Sean though is grown up and he so he would be about as 40s now and he believes that Mike Butler is the one that did it that's his theory but there's no evidence. And so the police obviously couldn't pin it on him without evidence. The reason that Shawn believes it could have been Mike is because he would have known Dorothy schedule and would have known what she was wearing because Mike sister worked with Dorothy at the shop. So he would have been in and out of the shop sometimes the Sister and because he was the previous owner of the store connected to hers the other theory that I actually found online. I don't know if the police have looked into this one. Honestly. This is one that I can completely see happening. So I'm going to go into this one stick with me for a minute because I know it's might have been a little crazy. And at first I was like No And then the more research I did in the more like even just telling you this episode now, I'm like, oh my gosh, I could a hundred percent see it. Do you have any idea? Where I'm gonna go with us know, okay, what about Pam and Conrad? Oh, you know earlier when you're talking about them being weird at the hospital. I was like, oh, I wonder if they're going to come into play later. I forgot about him until just now but I mean, they're how they acted immediately following seeing Dorothy air quotes drive off really fast. Maybe not Dorothy her car drive away very fast and it raised some raise my eyebrows a couple. Yeah, so that was why I asked you how long you wait after you saw that happen because they waited two hours before they did anything in the first thing that they did was reported to security at the hospital. And is there a video that shows them at the hospital that full two hours? That's what I don't know. I like I said, I don't know that the police even investigated them two hours is enough. I all means enough time a hundred percent. Enough time and it wasn't that far away that her body was that it was the same town same area. So there's a lot of things I couldn't find motive. I couldn't find anything like that but circumstantially it could have happened and part of it is that maybe there were some weird connection that Pam and Conrad had with each other and they felt like Dorothy was in the way or something and maybe Conrad was the one that was stalking. Dorothy and he was the one that was making the calls maybe the one that's stalking her and making the calls with somebody completely different but it would make sense if Conrad was the one making the calls because she recognized the voice but couldn't pinpoint it and it's somebody that worked with her. So he would have been seen her daily and known about her life and like what she was wearing to work and stuff. The theory is maybe that they pretended to go to the hospital for Conrad. Maybe he's somehow faked the bite like if he had like just like a bee sting or something like that it was Like let's pretend because I don't know if they ever checked to make sure that he actually did have a black widow spider bite or if they just made that up because nobody knows that they even went to the hospital in the first place. Like they could have left the office from work to go to the hospital quotes and then they would have had that entire time from the time. They left the meeting at work until midnight one o'clock in the morning when they finally tells the hospital security and then tell like call her parents to do something and I wonder if please to the time checked with Hospital records and the hospital to make sure that's actually what happened or not and it just didn't release that. I really hope they do because but if they did it, I mean this is a theory that I kind of honestly I think that the theory of Pam and Conrad the theory of the Golden State killer and the theory of Mike Butler all kind of I think they all have the same amount of stock in them. Like same amount of evidence same amount of I mean, it's all circumstantial for all of them. It's interesting because we just did Lizzie Borden and it's kind of similar like that where it's like there's all these People it could be but then it couldn't be but also circumstantially maybe you can make it fit. Yeah, the only so I want to say this too. I did think about the fact that so they told to hospital security what was going on and then called her parents and the question was maybe that was too Alibi themselves that they were actually at the hospital but part of me wonders to if maybe they had to tell security like what was going on because they needed to borrow a phone since they didn't have a cell phone. So to me I To think of it from all different angles and I'm like I could see them telling security because I like this happened my friend. I need to borrow the hospital's foam, but they also maybe could have just told the front desk. I don't know how strict the hospital was I guess and I also don't know if the hospital records were checked as for the Golden State killer. I mean he was active and other than the stocking but everything else could fit just fine. And at one of his other victims had been at that exact same hospital just months later and as for Mike, I mean he's odd and he Has the ability to know the things about her and maybe he was the stalker and maybe somebody else committed the crime. I don't know but there's all of this stuff and there's actually a case in July of 1982 where another female named Patricia Snyder went missing and she had made a call saying her car had broken down and then she just vanished she disappeared and her car was found a few hours later on fire in a field just like Dorothy's in the same area. Yeah, so it was if they don't like a 35 mile radius of where Dorothy's card been found there was also no sign of Patricia at the scene of her car all of her belongings were in there and originally they thought the shoot had been kidnapped but the difference with Patricia is they never found her body so they don't know that if she was ever murdered or if she was kidnapped or if she just went away on her own which is a major difference and also Patricia had never received any threatening phone calls that she had told anyone. So there are a few differences. But the thing that really connected to the two cases was it was shortly after each other. They were pretty clothes and the cars were both on fire. Unfortunately Jacob Scott passed away 1994 and Vera Scott passed away in 2002. And neither of them had any closure on what had happened to their daughter. However, her son Sean remains dedicated to finding answers and closure for what Happened to his mother. Thanks for listening to this week's episode of crime over coffee. You can find us on Instagram at crime over coffee or on Facebook at crime over coffee podcast were all of our photo and video content for each episode can be found. You can also email us your thoughts and case suggestions at crime over coffee POD at outlook.com. Also, all of our resources can be found in the show notes of each episode. If you would like you can support us by going to Anchor dot f m / crime over coffee donations are greatly appreciated and in making the podcast possible other ways to support us include recommending us to friends and family giving us a five star review on Apple podcasts and subscribing to us on your favorite podcast listening median. So again, thanks for listening and we'll see you next time.