So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often that people probably think it's true that it's a reality. You've seen it in Independence Day. That's a good example of it. When the people from outer space arrive what happens the entire world bands together holds hands and defeats whatever it is. Reagan talked about this once probably one of the weirdest things he's ever said in public. He said perhaps we need some outside Universal threat to make us recognize this common Bond. I occasionally think how quickly our differences worldwide would vanish if we were facing an alien threat from outside this world. Sounds good. Sounds good. The alien show up and we all hold hands and sing. We Are the World. And at the end of the movie everything's better. But see it sounds like a message of love. It sounds like a message of interconnectedness that common Bond right, but it's not. It's not it's a message of fear. And it's telling us exactly how government governs. We can't try to achieve this recognition of our common bond this love this interconnectedness unless we have something to be afraid of because that makes it really easy to motivate people. If you didn't have fear to unite people well, then you would have to actually work lead. It was true then and it's true now. The thing is that's not how it actually plays out though. When we have that Universal threat, it's not what happens it never is we become more fragmented and the powers that be whether it be the government or the mass media. They go out of their way to just instill more fear. So you follow your leader? Think about our recent situation or current one. First couple weeks of coverage. What was it? Look at what's happening? They can't move this could happen to you at any moment. Be ready be afraid be very afraid. Yeah, I mean, I guess that's good for collects. gives a real visceral reaction but at the same time it should be noted that anybody who's at risk owes the people who endured that. pretty big dat because they slowed the advance. They bought time. Because we are all interconnected. Instead it morphs into xenophobia. We're afraid of that's how the media spawn it. That's how they played it. focused on the fear Follow Your Leader and then we have our bumbling leadership. If this was an alien movie the person appointed to spearhead the response is somebody who really doesn't even seem to believe in aliens. And then you have President Trump who? Is saying that he might decide to close the Mexican border because that would help somehow. You know that is exactly what a stable genius would do though. Make sure that anybody entering the country from there is checked and unscreened because that will help with our current situation. But it appeals to his rhetoric fear. fear be afraid it appeals to his base. I cannot wait for the day when we have leadership that does not focus. On telling everybody to be a coward. Be a great day. Follow your heart. Don't follow your leader. You know, that's how it plays out though governments use fear to motivate their populace as they always have. Hopefully that will eventually end doesn't look like it's going to happen anytime soon, though. As we go through bumpy times this situation the economic situation whatever look for the interconnectedness look for the love. It's there and it's easy to see if you rise above the fear. that fear Is how governments keep you in line? It's how they keep you in check. fall in love don't fall in line Anyway, it's just a thought y'all. Have a good night.