Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and everyone else.So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself? Yeah. So like I said, my name is Haley.From Jacksonville, Florida. I'm currently living in Boca Raton Florida, which a lot of people don't know where that's at. And if you do know where it's at because you probably have a grandparent that loses if you're wondering location wise it is it's about 45 minutes from Miami. I have my undergraduate degree from FAU which is supported language diversity. You might not have heard of it. My degree is in sociology and I'm currently Finishing up. My Master's in educational leadership. Yeah. What my name is Alex Stewart. I'm from Columbus Ohio the capital for those of you who are not familiar with the heart of America. That's why we're called. I think that was on one of our I'm from Columbus. I went to Ohio University. Not the Ohio State University very important distinction point Two layers of Business Administration and marketing and then I am also in the higher ed leadership program here at Florida Atlantic University. I am about to wrap up my Master's. So everyone knock on wood graduating in May. Yes. Yes. Oh come for you. So Haley was wondering if you could also share a little bit about some of your areas of interest and some of the identities you hold in regard to relationships. And what interests you. Yeah for sure. Sure. So some things to know about me. I'm going to start with my identities and we'll like scale back kind of my interest some identities. I hold that I know I bring to the table is that mean you can't see me, so I guess I should I say I'm a white cisgendered female. I am 25 years old. I mean there's a bunch of things I could say. I really important identities that probably my most defining D is that I am a Christian and all sense of what that word means. I don't prescribe to any denomination but it does shape pretty other pretty much every facet of my life so much does it is actually part of what I do. I am a director of a children's ministry. So I oversee development spiritually for kindergarten through fifth grade at my church, which is sounds like oh so nice, but it's like wow, that's super fun. I have The funnest job ever and so that's something that I have a big area of interest for me is foster care. I worked in a maternity home for a little while in a foster care center. And that's just been a big passion area of me for a - pancholi and what I've noticed is an all these different areas. I've done very interpersonal work pretty much everything I've ever done has been very interpersonal worker used to work for a marriage and family and sex therapist and all these other things. Is that I've noticed that relationships pretty much makeup of everything I've done and I've noticed pretty much constitute what everyone else does so whether it's interpersonal work or highly professional or whatever how you would deem those things? I think that relationships kind of constitute every area we find ourselves and I have found that where I was was very important that I learned how to navigate those relationships. So I'd say it's a big big area interest for me and that's where my identities kind of come from. From in that. So I think what the question is about our identities. Yeah, so I guess I'm thinking of it. Right? No one is known as seen us except for my Mom. Hi Mom. So I am a bi-racial queer woman of color. So I'm half black half white. It's that's pretty relevant for you. I'm 24. And I am from the Midwest. I think that that influences I unbeknownst to me before coming here that influenced a lot of my my life. So those are some of like the Salient identities I hold so as far as like the more internal identities that I hold I am. I like Haley. I feel like I'm an atheist in none of the ways. Where is he? I think I'm still exploring what atheism kind of means to me, but that's kind of the term that's felt most at home for me. So I think I should also kind of explain queer like my use of the word. I think I've gotten a lot of questions when I use that so typically if I'm around people and I'm just trying to be like quick and to the point. I'll say I'm bisexual because it's an easier term that people understand but the term queer has felt much more in line with my personal identity then Any of the other labels I've found so for a lot of people like when I told my mom that I identify as queer, she's very confused because queer for her growing up was like a slur. Yes. It was not a word you're supposed to use and so it's kind of come back and now it is both an umbrella term for the lgbtq+ population, but it's also an individual identity. Someone can hold and I saw this post on Instagram that just like filled my heart with joy and it essentially Bribed Queer as everything and nothing and I was like, wow so good. It's right to the point. I just feel like sexuality for me has been such a spectrum that I feel like labeling myself as bisexual or lesbian or straight just felt untrue to who I was and I also felt like there was a level of having to prove myself in and holding one of those identities whereas queer it just felt fluid and it just feels more home. The areas that I'm interested in what I think one of the areas we bonded over the most talked about romantic relationships. So it's definitely an area of interest but I'm also in I guess they might be stretching the term relationship but I'm very interested in people's relationships with themselves. And so personality assessments or something. I'm very interested in I do acknowledge that a lot of them are not necessarily backed by science and research and data, but I I do I would make the argument that they're also like interesting thought experiments when it's done. So I think that those are some areas of interest for me as far as like special populations. I think the lgbtq+ population has been a growing area of interest for me. I think even as someone who identifies as queer, I'm still exploring all the facets of what that means and how to support lgbtq people. But yeah, I think another big piece peace for me has been looking at your quote-unquote non-traditional relationships, like polyamory ethical non-monogamy anything that's not just like two people coming together or to you know, straight people coming together. I think that those are all very interesting and underrepresented in relationship podcasts. Yeah. Bring the table why? Nope? We're trying to how we met. Yeah, it's probably weird that I read it. I mean you kind of might put the pieces together because we both said we're at FAU. So maybe you put that together, but we are we met at FAU inscribed students. We worked in housing which we might reference a good bit because when we talk about work relationships, but that's kind of an outfit I started. That's weird relationship. And now it's much more than that. We are best friends and we live together. So it's gonna we can we can reference all of the things essentially. So I remember initially meeting you and thinking oh God, that's good. My partner she's just gonna be so mean. I like we were all in this room together just like around a table you can get training or some yeah. Yes, and we were there were going through and I New Haley was the name of the person I was going to be working with in the other building because they like listed us out or something. I somehow I knew and as soon as you said your name, I was like that's her that's what we're working on and they start to talk about personality assessments and you introduced me to the ideogram and it was just like we're best friends for them best friends. Actually. It's really funny. I we went around the table or whatever. We're all talking about ourselves the first day and I knew were going to be together. At this point I knew but she just seems so different from me even from across the table which like yes, like on pen and paper Alex and I are so different. So there's no reason for us to find common ground, but we do it's just funny. So anyway, I looked over the table and she's talking about her interest and like the things she's like goals or something and then she mentioned a podcast. I remember thinking like she's cool as hell like what the heck and I thought she's like wait. So I thought we wouldn't be good friends showing work together. But here we are right now. We're doing a podcast. Yeah came to fruition. Yep. So Haley and I have been front we've been friends for a little over a year. Yeah. I remember there was a moment. We were there was something that happened with the boy that you were dating at one point and you want you waited to come back and tell me in person instead of like texting me what happened because you were so excited to say it to me in person and you told me and I I was like, I think you're my best friend if you go like teary-eyed like And ever since then it's like literally any time someone asked me about myself. They will also ask about how Haley is doing. It's really funny. We like they know we're like the same person. Yes. All my friends are the same thing especially and they cannot measure my mom and I like, how are you? I'm good. How the Alex I'm like, she's good. I'm not gonna talk about her. Yeah. So something we're thinking about in this introduction is why did we do this? When what's the Point and so out if you want to go ahead or if you want me to go. Yeah, I can go sure. I mean number one. I've been talking about doing a podcast for forever. I think it's just one of those things the like I've been feeling very drawn to do but then I get very anxious about like putting work out into the world. What are people going to think but I've been I felt very supported by the people in our Circle anybody you and making this happen and for really long time. I knew I wanted to Start a podcast, but I wasn't feeling super excited or positive about what to do. And then we started having these conversations about relationships because Around the time that we like really became very good friends. I was dating again. And so I would come home and tell you all these stupid stories or share all the craziness or the very good things that happened and we would kind of unpack those. So it was a little bit more than just listen to this funny thing that happened it was listening is funny thing that happened and left psychologically unpack the boy that did it. So, I think that that really inspired me. To want to do this because it felt like our conversations were meaning something. It didn't feel like we were just having them to have them. Yeah, and I kind of wanted to capture that. I also think there are people in our program and in our lives and by program, I mean our master's program in our program in Our Lives who I didn't really exist until recently but look to us as sources of information and I had never thought of myself as like a source of information. Before and then we started having these conversations and and that with one of the people in our program and she just really reaffirmed me that you don't have to be like a Content expert to put stuff out into the world. And so I felt very drawn to do this because I really just want to help people have healthy relationships. I went to this institute and North Carolina in December and that's what my purpose is like if the whole thing was about purpose for work and I really And Drawn to helping people communicate themselves better and have healthy relationships because no one teaches us to do that. And that was one thing that kept coming up when we were sitting and talking about you and everyone else was Alex just said like nobody really teaches you and you know, I'm in a I'm gonna argue not against it. But in that I'm in a facet where they do teach you how to have healthy relationships, but sometimes not in the best way and Like people prescribed it say this is the way to do it and it's like Well, everybody's lives are really different right and not only is everybody's lives really different. But the way that happens in the way that even if that's the goal, how is that accomplished is is different for everybody. And so I still agree with you with that like nobody still really teaches you because it's so complex because it can be ripped apart so much and I think that's really what I wanted to do. This is that relationships are complex because our lived experiences are complexed. All of our lives are socially constructed by all the things around us and we have intersectionality and all these things that combine to make us who we are and so none of us are the same and so arguably having relationships is like one of the most difficult things we could ever do so like Alex said if nobody's teaching you how to have healthy ones or no one's teaching you how to navigate having relationships and your lived it own experience and it's going to be really challenging for you. So like she said we're not content experts and so there's that push back of like, oh, maybe we shouldn't be doing this but there's absolutely a need for it because you can still have a wealth of wisdom in some areas and insight and we figured out that we come up with pretty good ideas when we talk to each other so you get to be privy to those conversations. Yeah, I think so in thinking about like the podcast that I listen to a lot of them are like two people just like shooting the shit. Yeah. Just like two people talking and I really resonate with those and so I'm hoping that I mean ours will be a little bit more researched a little bit more structured than those. But I do feel like because of the way that we have conversations. It'll be a little bit more informal because it really feels like all the podcasts about relationships are about romantic relationships or their about like relationship coaches and it feels very jargony individual actors this like expert dissidents like they just feel so far away. From you so hoping ours is approachable. Absolutely 100% cool. So is there anything else you want to talk about in our first episode before we wrap up nothing else that I consider except that? We aren't famous, but that's okay. This isn't meant to get this kind of this is meant to put good conversation out in the world so that you can start those conversations and so that you can think about how you can best. Best serve other people in your lives and serve yourself, so no really? Okay. Well, thank you so much for listening to the first episode of you and everyone else. Special thanks to Kevin Mack Leo for intro and outro music. It's called Funko Rama. You can find all of Kevin's work in the link in our description box. You just a lot of amazing work with music. So definitely check them out.