What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week.I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No, you know, you did a thing. My players did in Schultz. Oh, there you go. How are you? Um, let's see. Oh God. Yeah. I think I like played. The only played last night. I'm trying to think about between last episode this one. Yeah, I only played last night and it was a it was a good one. Despite everyone afterwards getting on Discord and being like guys, I'm really sorry. I'm I don't know what's going on me like a like everyone was just like oh, yeah. No, we were not good that gave and I'm over here. Like I thought it was a good session. Okay, but it was good because it was one of those split pea Sessions where it's like okay where we actually going to go and it I didn't plan a lot which worked out for the better. I planned out because they went and spoke to the oracle. And I had some I had some answers set for them. Not the story for them and we'll get into a little bit more later with one of the topics. But essentially I started putting in seeds for later. Oh cool. But yeah, so I essentially like metagaming wise I gave them the option you gave your players with storm Kings Thunder of you can either go kill all of these. No giant Lords and you get a level for every giant Lord that you kill or we just keep going with the story right now. Oh cool and last session after you know after they defeated the the Countess and they're like, yeah, they're like bloodthirsty like skull fuck up everybody. Where is this time? They were a little more like you don't just go kill to kill for no reason, right? And so with all got overruled and they're going to be heading more into the in-game of the story now, which I'm very excited about because I think that is where the more interesting part of the story lies. So like the reasoning behind why my characters decided to go after these giant Lords was because through the Oracle they and through the new Of the sword Coast they actually learned what these giant Lords were doing. Mmm, and they were going to stop eventually but the characters decided themselves that they'd rather see them not do these evil things anymore them like personally, so that's why they went out of their way. It is worth mentioning. There was another thing that pushed them towards going towards the end game and it was because I did sit down beforehand and go through like OK they're going here. What does that mean? In and everything and I realized oh, they left Hecate on here and he didn't leave because M Earth was there and he didn't want to leave the temple while a dragon was in their picket on you mean. Oh not Hecate. Sorry harsh neck harsh. Yeah, and so she fucking kidnapped him. Oh she kidnapped him. That's cool. Yeah, and so, Now they're like, okay. Well that giant blue dragon took our friend. You pulled a Mickle. Yeah, I kind of did but it was one of those things where I'm like, this is the only thing I could really see going. Well out of that because I didn't want them to just be like up and there's her snags dead corpse. Yeah, and plus I came up with a pretty good reason for why she kidnapped him so very cool. Yeah. It wasn't just to do it to do it. So that that was another reason why They moved more towards doing that. Very awesome. Yeah, that was enough about my game. Well, I guess in the future wise for me personally this week. Well today technically will be the last time I'm not dming. Oh, yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna hop back in the saddle. Yeah Ben's been running these one shots for us. That kind of just threw did. I see Marco say that the last one happened the other day or something. Yeah. And today we're going to finish up the blue alley and so And then after that I'm going to get back into the Neverwinter campaign cool. I've been prepping myself. I've been I've been listening to her. I've compiled a playlist for all the PCS like music. So I've just been listening to that non-stop just like I've been really getting back into the mood of like playing the okay. I that's a really good way to do it that like when I'm when when I'm writing a book or something like that. I have a playlist that like songs are connected to specific character. So like yeah to get into the mood or the Mindset like I listen to that that's where I that's a really good idea doing buddy. And it's really fun. When you find us very specific song that matches perfectly with the characters absolutely and it's like this and then you show the care the player and they're like, oh my God. Yeah. This is my character and then you just feel good about that. And then you listen to that on Loop non-stop. You know, that kind of thing. That's awesome. All right. Well, let's move over into some broad sheets. All right Allie, you called this I did there. This was announced as a campaign setting for Dungeons & Dragons the magic the Gathering Universe just like how we're having a CO was and I'm very excited me too. So the cool thing about this it comes out on June 2nd. I real quick these announcements and release dates are really close to each other now. Yeah, because I mean think about like descent was announced in June last year in released in September that that was there like big book of the year. I know but like but like other ones like salt marsh was announced in like February and I think it came out in May Hmm Yeah, because it oh it came out. So close to The Descent event that you and I were like, why did they overlap this? Right? Yeah. So like yeah, it was weird. So that's like, you know for five months away. Well, what about wild Mount when did they announce that? Officially January? Oh, Coming out in March this month. Yeah. All right, but that's interesting that's coming up June second, which is very soon. But I think that's mostly because they wanted to coincide with the throws set with magic the Gathering as well. So it's still relevant because they did that with Ravnica as well. Yeah, the thorough set was already going I'm it is but I think they might be doing a three-fer for this set as well. Like they did for Ravnica, but I haven't played magical log n plus M. I heard the like we're going down to only two blocks sets and now they're like never mind. It's the officially the Mythic Odysseys of Theros. I'm as two new subclasses in it aside from that. We haven't really been told too much about it. We can only assume there's a ton of really cool monsters and gods and stuff in there. There's the College of eloquence in the oath of Glory which I was at first like, oh both of those as I mentioned on Twitter totally called that Spencer even mentioned about like, oh which other ones Oprah That eloquence the The Bard that bards really well and like oh, yeah, maybe that would work in there and then it totally was funny enough. I was like, oh, yeah. I want to look at those again the in there in the same you a oh really? Yeah in that huge stream of just like you ways of subclasses those two were in their own. Oh, yeah. It was just the two of them. Yeah, and it was the part of the College of eloquence and the oath of heroism. Well, man, do I hope that they update? It's of heroism. That one sucked and the College of eloquence was nice, but it was very lackluster. I was just like hey, do you like barding? How about if you borrowed just a little bit harder? Yeah, and I mean if you take if you think about it in the word in the terms of like a Seder it does make a lot of sense, but I hope it I hope they really touched it up. Yeah, because we were talking and it's like the College of eloquence is pretty good for a campaign that you're not planning to fight at all because it would be Fact for a campaign where you don't want to kill anyone you just want to handle things and turn people and you don't want to you don't want to anger anybody and it's like that's that's the class you want to go for it because it has everything to help you for that. But if you're in combat, I'm not sure how versatile it would be to do that and combat. They also said that they're going to have God weapons. Yeah, so just like how in the first set I don't know about the current set button the the original set of throws. There were the artifacts that were the God weapons. Yeah, and they were pretty fucking Opie. Oh, yeah now I'm that's probably what I'm most excited about is just like all the Greek themed shit like to because having a stat for like a god. I mean we have those I know but kind of this is like a name specific God he's a prince but I mean like something else I'm excited about is just this concept of like Fantasy Greek like a setting is more widely, like assessable, I guess for the general audience than you've been a setting that they've been pushing like wild Mount because I've been seeing on Twitter to see people saying like well, I'm more excited for their Oaths that I am for weld mouth but considering that wild Mount is just another high fantasy setting. Yeah generic number. This is this is what we talked about with them doing a campaign book for faerun or dragonlance or where it's like You don't have anything super unique on that cover. That isn't just High fantasy. I mean well now it's cover. I really do like it but it's like fantasy person fantasy person forest mountain. Yeah, and it's like, all right. Here's another fantasy. Yeah, whereas this is like, oh, I've been wasted fucking Hydra. Yeah like Star constellation Hydra. Yeah, it's it looks really cool, and I'm thinking a lot of To get excited about it just in the game store. Just looking at this book banned man. This is a Greek book. Yeah, I can play like an RPG with yeah. Yeah. I'm excited about that. Especially the cons up there. Just like you can do your own Odyssey. I mean you you're already talking about last year with the Unchained book of doing a Greek god style like Xena thing. Yeah, so funny enough. It's conversation with Spencer the other night where I realized I've been doing things before they make official rulings for it and then like giving up, Up halfway, and then now they make rules for it. So now I'm okay because like three years ago. I wanted your like an archipelago kind of style game where it was like all about sailing and all about like going through islands and fighting sea monsters, but they were no rules concrete about sailing on boats on like but Warfare on sailing like a navigating and then goes to Summers came out. It's true and I was like, oh this is perfect and then about two years ago. I wanted to do a Greek campaign and I think I told you about that one. Where it's like I had hydras. Oh, yeah, I remember like I had the the snake ladies. I can't remember the name right now. So thank you mrs. Although it was a they're twins. Anyways, it was like I had all that going on. I even had like a god come down and be like yo, I need you to solve this for me because you know, it's Greek. Yeah, and then I kind of was like, this is a lot of work to put into it. And so it's like a kind of gave up on that one and we went back to the never one to campaign. Well now there is going to be really bad at putting stuff on DM's Guild what I'm saying is I just need to wait a little bit and d and e will put out their own book. So, you know, that's exciting. I mean again, we will get into this in the later topic but one of the things I'm really excited because I've wanted to do a plain hopping Adventure longest. I'm sorry, and I have a plethora of options now and they're different they're so From each other. I mean like you've got you've got faerun which is like standard my fantasy kind of campaign are said plain setting and then you have ever ever on Ravnica Ravnica. The arrows is Gonna Come. Well, I mean like it doesn't help for my hype levels that like Theros was the set I'd over the hardest into yeah. I owned more Theros cards than any other set of Magic the Gathering and I'm so I'm so down I can't wait to do for Some crazy shit in there and see that was the same thing for me for Ravnica. So it's like I understand that hype I was there. Yeah, and so it's like I'm in general just excited about this announcement. All right one quick piece of news. Is that dungeon Mayhem Monster Madness expansion that we talked about way back fusing on probably like five episodes ago or so. It's finally been released after its delay and looks pretty awesome. And I'm excited to play. Oh, yeah, I mean that just a heads up. It has a box that can contain every single class. That's the thing that's come out. That's the one that nailed it for me that man again is the box that the first one comes in is not very storage conducive. Yeah, but this one it has like little folders and plus there's just Hoops macoutes. How can you not? Okay, let's move over to some dungeon keeping a reminder. We are doing the Explorers guide to Wild Mount review at the end of this month. Yeah. So right in with any questions or concerns or anything that you have about this book and we'll talk about it on the show or answer a few questions. If you're apprehensive about buying it, you can send that into difficulty class at gmail.com and we will put it into that episode. Next piece of dungeon keeping is we're going to be interviewing our friend is in the coming weeks. We're not sure if it's going to be next week or the week after scheduling and all that fun stuff, but you will be getting an interview this month with a creator of D&D stuff like yeah, not just deity but RPG stuff. She makes dice holder. She makes the Add ice boxes and she makes soaps out of dice and Baobab and I love it. It's so good too. So you have any questions for a Creator send those into difficulty closet gmail.com and we will ask her and she will answer to the best of her abilities because you know, you might be asking about how to make died. She's like, I don't know yet still working on that. All right Champion. Loot time quick reminder baby spurts out Adam. It's so hard. He's so cute so you can go go. Grab that familiar and support a fantastic group of people that are helping out kids. It's only ten bucks and get a bunch of really good stuff out of it. And now for the moment, I'm sure you all fast forwarded to this week's code is m-i H I.E. CE CE, o-- e r OG. There you go Josh now you don't have to listen the rest of the episode. All right, let's let's go. Let's go into topic number one. Yeah, which is actually from Jonathan ship. He he wrote in and said I wanted to bring up a possible show topic spoilers totally is all polish campaigns discuss character hooks to kick off a story, but I'm running a game tyranny of dragons and I feel a strong desire to build up some added player hooks during the course of the campaign there depending on upon the player. I think it will help build. Out there identity within the world for others. I think it would be more engaging to develop personal attention / friction with the big bad evil guy. I think things like this help each player and their character feel more involved in the overall story and provide a great Chance by great chances for characters to stand out and feel like they are part of a bigger world. He does go on from there. You give us a couple examples of things like one of the examples is Big Bad evil guy spent sends. To a character posing as a family member or personal contact prompting the party take action and fall into a trap shows personal hatred for the big bad evil guy because cause I can't speak today Big Bad Evil guys caused by a player with a personal Vendetta. So yeah, we thought this would be a good one about creating character hooks. Oh, yeah because the books do give them and they're okay, but the problem with them lies in the fact that the person writing them doesn't know your players. Yeah, and if you do end up using these hooks more often than not you end up building a character around that hook. Yeah more so than anything. Yeah, you know, like tyranny of dragons we did with Spencer like I don't think my character was built around that hook but if it the character pretty well, yeah, but that was a that's an exception not rule already came in hard and fast if that's what that character hell. Yeah. Hell yeah, I did. So I guess the question is like what would you go about doing for creating a character hook for a player or with a player something that I would probably start off with is checking out the background that they go for like mechanically like whatever background they chose like if it's Noble or something like that or if it's a sailor and kind of themed it off of that because one of the things that I actually enjoyed because I remember doing this. Or the tumor violation campaign that Iran is that it actually provides an entire like table for background hooks based off of like four player hooks based off of the background and so it's like their specific towards it to so it's a little more customized. Yeah than the average like here's five that you can choose from that the tyranny of dragons kind of does for you. Hmm. But yeah, it's your twin Dragons. And again, it's because it was the first one first one. But yeah, it's like here's a Random thing and here's another rant like mine was you infiltrated the cult of dragons and have you know major way through their ranks or something like that. And then another one is like a you were an ancient gold dragon that died and has been reincarnated as a humanoid and must, you know, do the will of bomb like these are vastly too and then mine was like you've been having this dream every single five nights for the rest for the whole for your whole life. And it's been this terrible Omen of the Apocalypse. Yeah, it's like good Lord. Yeah, they those are kind of spread out. Yeah, and there they range from like kind of like, okay, you could choose to go down the path or to this is your destiny. Yeah. It's like there's no like there's no middle ground really aside from those one of the things that I've been doing recently as far as character hooks goat. I don't particularly worried about them in the first couple of sessions. Oh gosh. No. Yeah, I mean most of them that are in the campaign books are like bam smack dab right in the beginning like tyranny of dragons. Like you're in the you've infiltrated the coals of the dragons like well, alright guess where you're gonna be but what I do is my favorite thing to do recently is sit down with a player with the zamindar's guide. Hmm, and I'm like, let's just roll some dice. Yeah, and I'll ask him like do you want to know about Emily no, okay. Let's skip over here. Mmm, and then it's like what's your age? All right, we're going to roll for how many life events you have and now we're going to roll for those life events and what I'm doing as they're rolling the stuff, you know, as long as it's not like what Thomas got As in being swallowed by a giant fish and living in its gut for a month. I'm constantly thinking about the campaign were about to play and how I can tie things to it. Yeah. I mean funny enough as a DM I tend to write camp. Pains around the players more so than writing the players around the campaign. Yeah, especially because you're coming in with that session 0 and someone's like I have this really cool idea where my family my dad is the leader of like this criminal Syndicate and I'm one of his many many kids and I'm running away from that lifestyle and I'm like, oh cool cool cool cool. Cool. So that's totally not going to be a bad guy later in my campaign. No worries. Yeah and It's like even though I had no plans to have this criminal Syndicate in my campaign. Now, I can like one of the one of the ones that I did with dragon haste was Tara. She rolled on that and one of the things she had was that there she was born with a prophecy. Mhm. And that's all it says. Yeah. It doesn't doesn't guide you much from are because it doesn't give a rat's ass what it means it. Could you could be restoring the balance to the force and it doesn't give two shits. Yeah. Yeah, but so what I did was I looked at what I wanted to play with in Dragon Heist and I knew mad Mage was coming out the spoilers didn't even get to do it. But I wanted to I thought it would be cool to tie her story to waterdeep since that's where they're going to be playing. So I had I wrote out basically a haiku because I can't rhyme and I wrote out a prophecy that Had to do with the tarrasque nice and the we've underneath the the basically what pilaster was fucking with ya and so I gave her that prophecy. She knew it and shit. I think like 13 sessions later some NPC said the prophecy to her and she was like how the fuck did you know that what yeah, so that was a Ang game was a long con. I was a long conference for a player hook and what's really funny is now that player hook has actually become the backstory for her character continuing into Baldur's Gate. That's cool. So like when I'm doing a character hook like it's mainly like for mystery, you know motivation, but it like Is it is the whole like oh this is tied very closely to this campaign. Mmm, but sometimes it's just stuff that is connected to it. For instance. Alex is character and waterdeep. He rolled on that on the weird stuff table and got you met an archdemon and lived to tell the tale. Ooh, and so we actually workshopped it and had it that there is a small demon named Knox. That follows him around and only he can see and it appears it to him every so often and I went this is fucking great because I already decided on who the villains are going to be and they're very closely tied to demons and Devils. That's awesome. So I was able to actually fully tie his story to that story line because we rolled on it. I'll see that's really cool. Yeah. Yeah, I mean like definitely because if you can build the story around what Players choose for their backgrounds, then that itself their backgrounds become the character hooks. Yeah, and and I think that's mainly what I'm going for with it because it when you're creating if you're trying to create that one to two-sentence description, that's in the book. It's almost a little too on the nose for me. Like if it's like your grandfather gave you an heirloom that you know fucking said to go here and And find out information or some shit like that's those always made me laugh because like the whole like, oh, yeah you need this Omen is telling you to go to greenest. Yeah. It's like, okay. Well I made it to Green is now what are you? Well, it's not just that but then like you have the players who just go to every person check them by the collar. Why do you know it doesn't work very well for you have one player. Just go around shaking everyone trying to get information out of them. Yeah. Like I really like what my brother-in-law Nick did for our game right now his character dagger e he's carrying a holy symbol. He's a cleric scaring the holy symbol for God. He doesn't know the name of okay, we learned the name of it last night. Ooh fun. Yeah, that was one of the really cool that I actually didn't understand that. He didn't know the name. I thought you just didn't know where that God was. So it worked out it was fine. But that was a miscommunication on my end. But I really love that because It would he he has this question but he's only asked it like four times. Yeah, and I'm finally on the fourth time. You got the answer so I but you know, if you have like what Jonathan's talking about here is that he has new players and I had new player. I had one new player when we started Dragon Heist and what I did with my sister was just throw-in stuff, you know do the Zenith ours guy thinks. Oh, it's just like oh, this is just background stuff. On a piece of paper. I don't really need to worry about this. Yeah, and then when I start referencing that and I start talking about that that's pulling their interest in because they're like, oh, I know that that's me. I know this one. So I think that is almost a better way to do it than just give them a one to two-sentence hook. Yeah. Definitely. I'm I would totally recommend I mean like especially if you name-drop someone in their background, yeah that really pulls them in there. Like we wait what was that name? Okay, dropping the ball and that with boulders. Gate, because I have several players who rolled that you have an enemy Adventure until you have an Allied adventure and I'm like I have to come up with all these and I haven't sat down and done. I really knew to do it probably do it next week. You know, what book did a really good job of introducing character technical hooks into like whatever story you can do Ravnica because they built a character-building like system where it's like, oh, yeah with these guilds you have an enemy. Yeah, yeah. Oh absolutely and it's like and there's gotta be a whole reason why you're in this Guild and it's like it's not specific towards a campaign at all because there's no ready campaign, but for whatever you're building whatever they roll you can customize it to be a hook for your campaign. That's true. I didn't even think about that. That's that's a really good one. That was a lot of fun to do like your Minotaur he has his ally is like a commanding officer, but an but an enemy Is an angel. Yeah, what was what was the one it was a an archangel knows your name? Yeah, and it's not a good thing. That's such a badass sentence. So cool. And it's like that alone gives me so many ideas to play with in a future part of the story that would totally drive your character into that moment. Yeah. So I think doing a little stuff like that. We're like rolling on the authors guide, but keeping in mind the campaign that you're doing and give getting you're getting your You're hyped about their care. That's my favorite thing. That's an author's guy does is it gets your player hyped about their character? Hmm. I really recommend the weird stuff and Supernatural tables because I those are the ones that I always get the winning reactions out of there. Like, excuse me. What? Yeah, I was swallowed by a giant fish or better yet. You were invisible for an amount of time that also happened to Thomas. Oh and we decided he was invisible for two years and so sometimes X forgets people can see him that's that's fun. So it's just a little as little stuff like that and I in like am I gonna do anything with that? No, but that's tough for them to know but then sprinkled amongst them is something I can pull out and tie to the story we're doing right now. Yeah, so definitely like because when you're playing a campaign these players that you're sitting at the table with their the protagonist's yeah all of them all at once. No, so it's Fun to sometimes Taylor the story directly around them. But what I will say is like if you want something that's a one to two-sentence thing. It should be why they are in the first session. Yeah that and like I think most of the time people think of character hooks is what's tying them to the current story, but I think a hook is more is more appropriate to why they are involved in the first episode essentially. Yeah, because their bond if they Made their character according to the PHP is what keeps them in the campaign. Yeah, the hook is what starts them on that path. Yeah. So like if you're doing tyranny of dragons, yeah, you have a lot of hooks there that are kind of all over the place, but it could simply it could be something simple as you're going to visit a family member and greenest. Yeah, and that sentence alone is going to motivate them to as soon as they see what's going on in green has to fuck. Book it. Yeah right there to help and yeah, it doesn't matter if they're an ancient gold dragon or been having visions of the Apocalypse. Yeah, that is a motivation that is throwing them directly into this campaign. Now that mean like that's a brilliant point. I'd even think about that hooks don't have to be the reason why they're in the campaign. Yeah. It just has to be why they're in the first session? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I don't even I don't even consider that concept because like I don't think of a like what I think of a hook. Like if we're going literal, it's not it's not something that you stick. Like if you're getting a fish. It's like all right. I hooked him leaving that there forever. You take the hook out because they're here now. Yeah, so weird analogy, but I'm going with it, but it worked, you know, the campaign's them flopping around on the boat. I don't know I'm done works. So yeah, I think Jonathan would like from what I was reading in your your thing there. I don't overthink it too much let like I do recommend doing Zenith ours and just seeing what you can do with it. If nothing is able to happen with it. That's fine. Yeah, you can do other stuff later on pull some character twist. Yeah, that's kind of what you're talking about. It's like hooks themselves. They're not in the grand scheme of things. They're not that majorly important. They're good to get the story going. Yeah, but when it comes to the overall story, yeah, I well. I mean I will say that I think that they are important because when we did Tyranny of dragons Kyle did the was an ancient gold dragon and he fucking held on to that like that was his whole motivation so that worked for him. Well, that would also though not just bees character hook that would also be his bond. It's true. Yeah, so it's like that's what I was just a little confusing. Yeah, because yeah, it would that totally one of the hooks can be bonds. That's the fun thing. Yeah, it's true. Yeah, but I think when you're looking at The hook as in what is going to tie them or get them into the story? It should be why they're in the first session what's pushing them to run commands greenest? It's you know, like if you look at to violation my character hooks were they all received a letter from syndra? Sylvain to have them to meet her in waterdeep? Yeah. That's the hook there. They the the he had a curiosity to go see what was going on. Yeah. Hey and so they all had a very similar character hook but they all had vastly different backstories that I played with in one way or another throughout the campaign. But none of them. The only reason they were tied together. Was that initial hook of go talk to Sandra sylvain? Yeah. I mean that's a funny thing looking through all these character hooks into a Malaysian all of them. Pretty much Point towards your talking to send reports Elaine. Yeah, except for like one or two of them. But that ends up being you're going to be on this boat. Yeah. So it's like no matter what they're going to end up in child. Yeah, exactly. So it don't think of a hook as like, you know, what's tying them to the long game. It's just what's tying them to the first one. Yeah, because yeah, it's the bond and the hook that what they can be the same but not every Hook is a bond and you can totally come up with these in the first session, you know character tells them tells you their backstory and you're just you know, you think about you're like, okay. What if you how about you were going here? Because of this and the players like oh, yeah, you know, I like that cool. All right, I'll go with that. So that was I don't think you have to have it all set up at session 0 for this like there is something you can't do in the first session to just be like here's why you're here. Oh, yeah, I mean more often. That's why that works. Yeah, the way that works that is especially for home brewing accession to yeah, because it Homebrew world to oh my gosh. It's like these players don't necessarily know the world that they're in so it's like you guys are here because of this. Yeah, you knew you should. Help them out, especially if it is a Homebrew world because they will have not as much reference possibly. I mean if their new players like Jonathan like they got zero reference exactly. Like if they're new they are new players. Just telling them like why their characters there instead of saying would you be here it definitely at least gets the story started which is what a character hook would do or just knock them all out and have them show up in the back of a cart and have Skyrim flash on the screen. That's a look at the greenest finally awake. Are you Alright, well, hopefully we answered that for you Jonathan. If we did a terrible job, please let us know difficulty class gmail.com and we'll try and help you out more as we can. Let's go do a diems guilt Spotlight. Sodium's gold Spotlight. This week is puzzles predicaments and perplexities, which is really putting this puffer to the test. It is by Steve Jasper or and Bill. Oh God Petrino. Yeah, Petrina that. - right this has as soon as I saw this I went I this sounds like I need it because I love puzzles. I like perplexities. I like predicaments, but I suck at writing. Oh gosh say like most of the time when I'm doing some slight, let's just go find like a kindergarten puzzle and just make it sound cool some runes on it. Yeah. There you go at some point. So this has 10 original puzzles for use in your adventure instructions on how to scale the difficulty of puzzles. Characters of all levels hints for each puzzle to guide your players towards the solution without simply giving it away five original maps for original handouts table listing spells potentially triggered like this thing is got a bunch of really cool stuff and like looking at girls with player levels to that's so awesome. Yeah, and and that's that's something that is harder with traps because if you just have a pit trap and they fall at level 15, it's like you took five bludgeoning. Image and they're like, so can someone give me a hand. Yeah, so it's probably it's probably scaling a terms. Like alright, you fell in a pit trap that's acid and spikes and fighter jets and also you're currently in a news. This is the pit trap of curse. What does that mean? You're cursed damn it. Oh, so yeah, this this little supplement looks fantastic for anyone who has my problem of not being able to come up with puzzles and all that. And stuff so go to go check this one out again is puzzles predicaments and perplexities is on diems Guild and we will of course tweeted out like we normally do so you don't care about it is $4.99. It is currently 449 because it is diems day not us. Yeah. We were both like who decides this and how does everyone know? Yeah. I kind of felt like a Patrick Dempsey in fucking Enchanted. Oh Yeah, we're like how have would know this song? You know this song What did you guys practice? This is how I woke up this morning and looked at Twitter and was like happened GM day and I'm just like yeah sure great. What so yeah, I don't know if it will still be 449 when you look at it on Friday. Yeah, it's normally 499 not that bad as I really appreciate about it on Wednesday today about it. So he won't miss out just in case that's a really good idea. Much smarter than y'all. You know what well, thanks. All right, let's go into our second topic which is connecting campaigns, which is something I fucking love doing. Oh, yeah. No, it's a lot of fun to do and your you've been doing it. Essentially this entire time 5e has been out. Well, like for mine, I'm gonna get more specific. I'm gonna get down to connecting campaigns for a specific. Group, not just the MCU we could we could discuss that one another time. But like I'm talking like with you. Yeah, you did you did your own stuff for Neverwinter and then you transitioned into Storm King slender, and now you've transitioned to then something else. Yeah, and it is the same players maybe probably not the same characters Eric, but I love you. I'm killing all of the bad joke, but it but you've had these same players and you transition them through now. Three campaigns. Yeah, and you've tied them all together the whole time pretty much. Yeah talking about those character bonds earlier those really help. Mmm, essentially it started out with The overview of it, I guess like just to sum it up. The first campaign is literally the Neverwinter MMO starting campaign. I still love that like that is such a brilliant way to sorry. I'm just gonna go for a sec. I like because I remember one day you were like, hey you text me like hey, I forgot my stuff. Could you take pictures of it and send it to me? Oh, yeah sure. So I go in and I find your file and I'm looking through and just protect you back by are these fucking MMO quests and you're like, yeah. I'm like that's brilliant. So it's like basically they go to Neverwinter and never Winters Under Siege, but then they fix it in their own way as level ones do and then fighting crabs stopping a legend of bridge, you know, when she's already leaving that kind of thing and then there now, you know, they have high honors because it's like they happened to be across this Lich when she was going to murder someone and they say of them so it's like hey, that's cool. And so now one of the high generals is like can you keep doing things for us? We will pay you and so it's like they're like, yeah, we'll get paid and so then they took down an uprising which was the nashor's and then they're like man, we're really starting to get connected to the city, especially since they paid us in a house. And so and so now they have a more connection to the city itself. So they want to help protect it even more and so then there Hanging out and then all of a sudden this character from like the very first instance that they ever played level one day on the beach kind of thing. He's in trouble and he's asking them for help and like okay and so then they go and they figure out what's wrong with them. His wife's got the spell plague and so he's got to go and that's against the law. Yeah, she's gonna get exiled and he doesn't want that. So then they go through some shady business and they take down the biggest threat in Neverwinter, which is this underground spell plague business. What level did they go up to in Neverwinter and Neverwinter itself? It was 1 through 11. Wow. Yeah, it's so they and there's no plague itself ended at level 11 and then you transition that into storm Kings thought. Yeah after the spell plague they were fucking around for the Summerfest essentially and in the middle of that these Giants invaded essentially. Because this whole time spoiler our December was a Neverwinter. Oh, yeah, that's right. Your players had been working with our December because he had actually was a mentor from one of the players. Yeah. Yeah. One of the players was traveling in his character hook North to just be away from his hometown and on the way he met our December as you do and cimber who is trying to lay low was like, yeah I can train you. You look like you need my help and so Cimber followed them there and he's like, it's been a long time since I've been in the city, but I'll hang out for you guys, especially for you who's now my trainee what mentoring and so it's like simmer was there for them with them for a while. But then as soon as the Summer Festival came around he's like there's way too many people in the city that know me. I need to leave also I may or may not have some business elsewhere content some another campaign and so he fucked off. The Giants didn't know he fucked off. They just knew he was in here because obviously news traveled and so they invaded Neverwinter. The players were like that's not cool and they also kidnapped one of my players one of Mostly because he wanted to switch characters, but I didn't want to kill off his character. Yeah, and it also served as a great way to get them to get a group hook. Yeah into the campaign itself because at first First they weren't like yeah, let's stop these Giants. They were like, we need to go save our friend and so they transitioned from my home brew campaign into this book. And as soon as that Airship dragged their friend away and nickel away. I opened the book am I? All right guys, and so they went North which is where they saw the Airship going and we went through that entire thing and we finished out the campaign because they realized it's They not just Neverwinter, but the whole sword Coast like sword Coast the pharaon is in danger if these Giants go through their plans and so they become more than just these City Heroes. They start becoming the Coast Guard which is what they named themselves. I know I know and I love that name until I die. It's the perfect name. I'm dead. And so they help dwarves out there getting a fortress built because they did and They're like, okay cool. Well, that was awesome. But then they're getting word from these elves that they helped out during the summer Festival Jesus Christ. Yeah. So way back when about like four months in game time ago. They get a sending saying Hey, listen, we found where your dad was but he's fucked off. So we need your help. So so to like pull back an outline. Yeah, you had the never went Thing going did this Summer Event? Yeah, and then you found a way to tie that to post storm Kings Thunder which picked up right after The Summer Event. Yes, that is fantastic. Yeah, and this next campaign is entirely around one characters backstory essentially. It's remember that yeah criminals and to get there. Yeah, that's what they're dealing with accept this criminal Syndicate has stopped being criminals. They have a different Vendetta going on. Yeah, and so it's world ending. I'm not just a danger for the sword Coast it is Magic ending possibilities. And so now these guys have a personal quest of we don't want magic to end. And also we need to stop your father. And so it's like they're they're going through that. It feels like a very natural progression. Yeah, like the like possibly the only thing that is kind of all places that I like start Giants attacked, but the fact that that when you look at it is building up their reputation When it's about them, that's really awesome like that. It is actually progressing through levels instead of just we're doing one campaign and you're going to be in this forever. And yeah, and that's something that I kind of really like about transitioning and connecting campaigns is You don't have to see the end of a book or an adventure or a campaign as the end of the story. Okay, that's just the end of that part of the story. I'm like at the end of every single book they have options of what to do next what you can do now. Yes and something Thunder actually gave a ton of options afterwards, but I do feel like a lot of people see the end of a campaign as the end of the group meeting and I'm like now yeah, like like like gold and Pals we Did with lost minds of in Delaware and I tied that into the villains of Water Deep Water Deep Dragon Heist, they played through that and then at the end of that one, I gave them the option of like playing the same characters or doing something different one players say the same. So again, we tied it to that story started in waterdeep. Now, they're doing they started doing storm Kings lender and then they went and did a fucking sequel to Joan I Elation and other back and storm Kings Thunder. Here and there you're going and in what I did last night, like what I was saying like, oh, I'll mention this later was I've started laying the seeds for what's coming next. I know what's coming next and I'm nervous about it because it's all me who say you're not doing book. No because we're going to be at a part where the books aren't that high of a level. Mmm, at least a start and so I do want to do this group Justice. And actually have them go up to level 20. Oh, yeah, but for me higher level play is plain escapes and stuff like that. See my players are just starting to get into that. Yeah, they've now gone to the FAE wild and they've now gone from the fabled to the abyss. Mmm. And that's not the end of planes gaping at this point. Like they could go from there anywhere they like well, so the the things that I've done and my hey golden Bells if you listen to this stop, so my brother-in-law's God is for Langan who's impose a Gray Hawk God, but he is a God who goes wherever he wants to any plane of existence. Hmm and just walks around 8:00. And so I'm like cool. I've already got a hook there for that and then in one of my other players It's really hard to talk about this one without spoilers, but I'll just say and I'll just say that you don't ask what this is. There's a thing called a cow triple and oh, yeah, he wants to know where it is and it was it was mentioned in the chalk game. Yeah, and it was gone it vanished and no one knew where it went because I just mostly didn't want to fuck with it. So he asked the Oracle last night. Where is the couch opal and I had and it was one of those moments where I'm like am I going to do this? Yeah, I'm going to do this and I said the Oracle speaks in its omnipresent voice and says one word Theros. Whoo, so yes, I love it. So I'm already laying the seeds for what's coming next and I feel like that's in a really important thing to do like what you did with the Summer Festival like you may not have been planning that at the time but you're like you went back and looked like what could I do to pull this together and as Long as you have those connections and they don't just feel like going book to book to book to book to book to book. Yeah, give yourself those like I'll worry about it later Clauses. Yeah and every campaign that way you have like a way to bring it back later and I feel like because you're doing so many sessions and so much time with players. You can totally throw up things that don't ever come to fruition. Like it's not like a tightly edited movie where there has to be a explanation for every little thing. You could throw in Threads that you like maybe this will connect to one of the other books that I want to do or that we want to do. Yeah, and you can have it there and it's okay if it doesn't actually have anything happen with it because luckily you don't have millions of nerds watching it in a theater and then chasing you off of Twitter because you didn't finish a plot thread. Yeah, you know, you know that yeah. Yeah, I mean like even major like minor side quests can be a huge tie in because because like in Neverwinter, there's this place called Black Lake. It didn't used to be called black like until this huge sludge kind of infested all the waters and it turned from this clear blue into just pure black sludge. There's a reason behind that the players kind of sidestepped that and they're like they oh, it's there. It's the running joke when the party it's like we should probably get back to black like at some point because like Last time they were there there were level 6. Oh my God. Now, they're level 15. Yeah, so it's like we should probably get back to black like at some point just Massacre whatever is in there. That is bad. Well, like the funny thing is is that they did continue down that path at level 6. They would have realized what it was and probably would have had to ask for help. Yeah. Now they are the how they are the help and they could probably handle it but that's a little bit spoilers because I have an idea for what I'm going to do, which hey wouldn't you know it character? Hooks brought you into that and so it's like I'm excited to go down that path. If they ever go down it would not we'll find out but I do think like I've loved the idea of connecting campaigns since I was first doing campaign. Yeah, like I had a plan for my fourth edition game that the first part of the adventure. Well, the long part of the adventure was going to be from levels 1 to 21, and that was going to be Draw can t Ahmad and everything? Yeah, and then levels 21 to 30 was going to be orcas. It's like I and I had already been I knew I wanted to do that from the get-go. So I was always tying in things to orcus. So it's good to know what you want to do afterwards. Like here's a good example of something that didn't come to flourish in our curse of strawed game. I had a character show up in there. That was not in the book. Yeah and Spencer made a deal. With her that deal was supposed to tie you guys to Ravnica because that's what we've been talking about doing next case of cool. Yeah, and so I because we you know, no matter what like and sometimes it sucks, but don't try and try not to let suck but most of the times your players are going to talk about. What's next. Yeah, no matter I've had players talk about that second session the like well after this campaign, I'm like mother fucker. We just started she just started this. So in the moment, yeah, let's enjoy what's going on now, but you know, so it is not it's not a bad idea to know what's going to come next even that early in like that's like I had originally planned for after Dragon Heist to go into a dungeon the Mad Mage. Yeah, and then I saw how like railroading and Dungey crawling is I'm like dots not this that's not this fucking all but I had put in seeds to bring that up next. I introduced that dungeon. In the like first time we did waterdeep. Yeah, so knowing what's going to come next and putting in those little foreshadowing Google Sees little whatever. Yeah is it will really help pull your characters in or pull your players into that Adventure something that I also would recommend is connecting an entire campaign to a character which I know sounds like wait that sounds like you're in a spotlight someone it's like kind of but only because it's Background is what I will say is be very careful with it. The reason why I'm actually able to do it for me though is because it's not going to be the entire campaign. It's only piecemealed. Oh, no, I so it's like the entire Water Deep concept. We already have gotten into that like Twila has already gotten a letter from her parents already talked to her parents about like her mom knew what the stone of Glorious and it's like well, how do we deal with that? And so it's like that's going to be an eventual thing. Thing is the guy that works at where you are in the story. Yes not going to work at the beginning of the story. Oh gosh. No. Yeah can't start a campaign. Oh, yeah that way, you know having one character tied to the events of it. It could work as a transition as long as they're with a group or like. Oh, yeah, I would of course go writer does. Yeah, so it's again read the table Yeah, but yeah, but yeah definitely do be careful about because you can run into the problem of spotlighting. And other players feeling like they are the side character there the the joxer to this person Xena that's kind of why I like having the campaign like incorporated into the background because if it's the campaign you already know who the main like antagonist is and it ends up not being like as long as you don't make the antagonist of like that specific campaign, like the players parents or something which spoiler I didn't do that. Then you're fine because in the end the campaign does it Um about the character itself. Yeah, it becomes about the situation and it was just the hook into that campaign were so there anything that's true. Yeah presented like that. Yeah, that is a totally viable. I mean like we didn't exactly do that. But like with all the thoughts character. Well, st. James's character leuthold was the transitioning point between Dragon Heist and storm Kings Thunder it was because they had helped save the city that L'Oreal silver hand was like Hey, I want you to come with me on this. Yeah. and so that was that was the transition point that maybe did feel Focus but what I did with it was I found interesting things to do with the other characters like Tara and Christie's character were coming in from Sky reach yeah Alex is character was a total who L'Oreal also trusted and was like wait why is loyal silver interest is random throat so yeah that doing stuff like that I think is a great great way to transition and campaign mean you know not start it but yeah transitionally don't start it like that because yeah it's if you're already in a campaign where you've been well for like ten levels okay another another one of those like throwing out things I just remembered that I did I just realized that last night I actually threw out a possible hook to do out of the Abyss oh see that's awesome yeah and it was because of oh my God okay so my players were going through a giant Soul old place and it says in the book here's what's in the back roll four times on the the giant bag loot yeah but there's also this magic item which Christie got and then it says there are three dwarf heads one funny ones ones like one of them has 10 gold teeth worth one gold Peach I'm just like what and certainly my players are like I feel like this gold teeth is foreshadows I like It's really not like I straight up phone like no don't look into these teeth Don't call just he just just don't but um, but one of the things that Nick rolled for in the bag was it was a practice dummy. Hmm and someone I was like, what's up with practice dummies anything it's about and I just being flowery with my language. I was like, oh it still has some of the dirt and root around it with that. It was pulled out of like this giant was like, oh that's pretty and just pulled it out of the ground through dance bags. That's somewhat like the yeah, everything around it. So he was like I want to see if I could tell where it's from. Oh, all right. So he rolled a 20 on his nature check or survival check whatever it was. And so I was looking around and I was like, oh there's three dwarf heads in here. Are they coming from the same place and everything? And so I said I was from Neverwinter wood and Ghazal Grimm is over there. Oh, yeah, and there's three dwarf heads, but Grand Will Graham hasn't been inhabited in a long. Yeah, so like all of them are like, oh that's really interesting and girls like oh there's a that actually has a connection to out of the Abyss. Yeah and even do that on purpose. But so I have options just because I've been doing stuff. Yeah. That's the cool thing about faerun is because all of the five ebooks essentially except for the planar ones. Yeah take place in the sword Coast whoever they're traveling is potential hooks to the next campaign. Yeah, I mean Justice and Anthony did that with the Ezreal Adventure, yeah, where it was like this could either be the start of Baldur's Gate or it could be the start of tyranny of dragons. Yeah, and I loved that. I loved that sort of stuff. Hmm. That's that's I think I've I've word vomited out all I have how about you? So essentially to I guess some it up try to introduce character hooks throughout your story ahead of time and it is a form of foreshadowing in a way because that really kind of brings a characters in and out who got a moment. Yeah. be afraid to throw in just weird mystery crap that you have no explanation for the time of the light rail I could do that yeah and then they'll be like oh remember that thing and you're like yes I had it planned all along you can just sit back and just like yes I'm the master outliner even though I just bought this campaign book two days ago just even though they just announced this book and I didn't know about it perfect yeah what was really funny is Alex is one that asked for the couch Roper wasn't I said Theros and he's like what the fuck is that and Nick Emil he's just like I know what it is is and they're like what is it like dagger he doesn't know Nick knows and I just look at them just like you shut the fuck up and then then like 10 minutes later Alex goes oh shit I know what their offices and he holds up a countdown died that he was messing with the whole game and it was from the Theroux so goddamn he's like I just happen to be messing with this die like that's hilarious that's great anywho we don't got any listen questions I know I kept forgetting signed out that we that we needed them because we're out so if you if you want to send in some questions and here is talking in your ear but it's not just for us but for Wiz to yeah absolutely cinnamon for wisdom and for the Explorers guides wild Mount all that fun stuff and we'll be sure to answer and talk about them you can send us into difficulty class at gmail.com but I think that is going to run us into the end of the show that you know if you enjoyed the this podcast and want to support it the best way to do that is by leaving a review on the service of your choice as well as telling your friends about the show if you'd like your question advice or stories read on the show you can send this in a difficulty class at gmail.com and if you'd like to stay up to date on the show you can follow us on Twitter at difficulty class for on Instagram at difficulty podcasts so until next week don't get killed by a cow triple