Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send us a few things. Things few stereotypes that are out there and we're just going to talk about some of them. All right y'all gonna let you have some fun today lady ladies going to chime in when she feels she's on the show. She do whatever she wants first thing. This is a this is a big one mind black people minding their business not black people Everyone minding their business, but black people are really good at it. Listen if we could give out grades shit. A plus plus M on the business that's another level of boy when I say it is a burning car and walking and keep your head straight. It's something that we do really good at mind your business. So why do you think we're so good at it? I just think I just think like we would all just don't want to be involved in anything. They want to go about their business. No get messed with and vice versa. So when you walk and you see some unless it's like obviously dangerous. I feel like it's a different story but for the most part They just keep it moving. If it don't concern you nobody hurt. Nothing like that. Keep it pushing. I'm not gonna bomb questions about mining business me. Tell you a quick little story man. So here's the story involves me and my wife. So this mode first started talking. She's at the house. We chilling hanging out. I want to say probably 11 o'clock. I was pretty late. This is my old roommate by the way, so he knows everything. So we at the house spider out actually probably like nine or ten o'clock. It's dark outside my own bed. Just chilling. The lights are off watching TV. I hear some commotion outside. Now when I say I did a great job minding my business. I did an excellent job minding my business. I'm watching a TV show like it is my job. So I'm just chilling and it comes in the room. She hears the commotion. What do you think? She did? Yeah, somebody please tell me what you think she did because I didn't I didn't think this was possible this commotion going on outside girls yelling somebody yelling sound like it's some Hefty commotion going on. This girl flicked the light on and pulls the shade all the way up with a whole room is exposed when I say I hopped up I have them so fast, like I was gonna ask him like we talked about in our first episode I have to up so fast. I'll hit the lights and I fucking put those blinds down I said don't you ever open up lines like that at nighttime in the neighborhood mind your business and watch something on your phone. That is unacceptable. Rule number one and mind your business stay where you are. Keep your ass straight the rule number one. You can head down at some head down the street. You got to see where you're going, but do not I was so upset with Anna that day. I thought I thought later on was probably get shot. I don't know. I don't know what's gonna happen, but you do not open the blinds at night and turn the lights on in the house this would you do you crack a little blind open and Peak just one eye one eye one eye not too you can't use to it's one I got You Pete. I bet you some old heads back in the day before they be yeah, you know that, you know about the Motorhead. All right? No, I guess not the peak you do not look so that stereotype number one mind your business. It's a very well black person thing so good at it. Alright next stereotype. Oh what we got. Black people who never sing friends or Seinfeld? Yeah. That's that's not a black people thing. That's a I'ma say this listen. I'm not saying they're not funny. Those people are not funny at all. What we not we watch it. We never seen it. Don't ask us if we say in it. No, the answer is no will we watch it? The answer is no there's a hell. No, we got nothing. I got no time for that. We can to me. We can't relate to what they talking about. We just don't I don't know but if you ask Martin, huh Wayne's brother. Bernie Mac Johnny Mac felt The Jamie Foxx show Jamie Foxx Show. We on that Friday. Oh, we know about Frank's Friday. I'm still trying to channel these movies. You don't have the neck my goodness. This bad boy. Keep going bad boys to going Bad Boys 3 Rush Hour Rush Hour 2. Yep. That's a black man's radio Rush Hour 3. It's too many for me to go but I'll tell you right now this Seinfeld is the office the friend is not it's not funny. Have you ever unions all you want but I ain't gonna watch it that ain't it slow. So let's let's let's finalize this stereotype as this is not a black person thing. We tracked down. All right. Nice quiet quiet. There we go. Next one guys. No seasoning white people, you know. There's a not washing those the chicken first. Before putting this exhibit on that's that's that's dumb. That is something that some I don't even know how many are washed out meat and that pause. Hold on pause pause how many y'all want your chicken before your season it and cook it now once they're inside when that who who does that who doesn't listen I can only speak on myself and what I've seen hmm. You know Kirby aside and the Deep South Side Alabama they get that chicken might they put that salt on that chicken. They let that second chicken. So you put the lime in there you let that sit. Then you put it back in that water. And you rent it out. You see all that stuff come out you get all those feathers out to don't be lazy. Right? Right. You don't like this been a whole 20 30 minutes of cleaning before the preparation is key. That's what that that's it. I think now I know why the coronavirus game that's what it came people not fucking watching a chicken laying what's going on. It's funny laughing. That's so now we're moving on to the seasoning. Now. Your wife is Italian and Irish and Irish. There's no way she's not season my chicken. Oh she sees in the fuck out of it the fuck out of here. What do you think? I married before I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I love it. I love it. You know how she know how to throw down now even lady likes it too so we could say that that's not that's it. Stereotype, but it's not all the way through. It's not it's not all the way through it is. It depends how you're raised. That's me. I think it depends how you raise if you see it from your parents or whoever's cooking in the kitchen. Okay, if they're not doing it, but that's a stereotype that many black folk would say and black folk and Latino folk was a the white folk don't do do not wash and season the chicken we're moving on. What's next. What was next one this next one. We all have participated and black folks loving Hennessy. Oh Lord now. Hennessey is octo like is marketed towards the black folks. It is cognac cognac Iconia. Every time you see commercials for black folks, you know, it doesn't Target towards the bluffing now, you know, I've seen I've used it. I mean he used it. I've drank it. I drank it numerous times. What's your favorite Hennessy mix? I like my Hennessy and apple juice. Mmm. That's my favorite right there. What about you my pops he used to do the Hennessy with the nutriment another boy. Yeah. Yeah. I drink that's different. You gotta try that if you haven't tried it, but I'll tell you right now. It hasn't it is targeted towards black book. I think me personally, I think it is and I feel like every back person at some point was on that Hennessy face, definitely so I think Three type of somewhat true but to the extent where it's not going to stay that way for me. I like my bourbon my scotch and my whiskey now and if I'm gonna go light, I like my Cheetos, that's a film. Yeah. I feel like I graduated on to some better alcohol and we know if you're trying to add that, you know that long night but drink that honey. Try have a long night. It don't matter if you're black white Spanish agent and purple paint. It don't matter drink that any you be last all night. one Black folks love and watermelon. How do you feel about that one? I can tell you right now. I don't like watermelon not going to go without it. But I do like it I can go without it. But I do like you you like it. I like it, but it's not like a necessity where I'm at. I need that. I need that. I don´t like it never liked it. It's been forced upon me people been checking me. But I did do some research on that one. And Africa watermelon is the best source of hydration and fulfillment in regards to Eden. So they're pretty full if they have a lot of watermelon. Okay, so that's it has might be a cultural thing. I could be a cultural thing. We don't really know about but for me personally, I'm okay without it, but I do like it, but I'm not going to go for all the time. So that that stereotype can be it's up in the air. that one off this is probably the most famous money you put on a show run off. This is probably the most famous stereotype of black folks and it is the fried chicken. Oh stereotype, I think one thing right now, but I need my fried chicken. I need that barbecue Bubba Bubba, but barbecue sauce on that. I mean, I can't see myself turn around Fried Chicken. Yeah. I'm not turning I like grilled chicken too though. Yeah, go grilled chicken. Healthier side port let me but yes more by people like it, but I know plenty of white folk and special David to the gristle they wait and they to the gristle or the chicken, but they eat the bone to bone to and through it. I thought I was only Asian thing because I know I used to hate there's nobody that eat chicken locations. Rob's Haitians. No one on this Earth. We don't fuck around. We were taught to eat clean. Make sure even suck on the bones sure are getting stuck on the phone. Hey. Listen Paul's buddy. I'm listening. I'm just telling you I always talk. Talk at a young age pause that food on the table. You better eat it. So you owe you the bone. I haven't I haven't in a while though, you know, my stomach is different now my stomach built different so but yes, I feel like fried chicken is that stereotype that goes towards black folk but everybody but everyone fucks it up. Of course everyone they they they go after all right. So that's next one. I mean we both can speak on this one, but this is mainly you because it's directly to you. I mean I have a black father. So black fathers. Where's The Stereotype that they aren't around their kids lives and what can you say to that? I say, that's some BS. Maybe at a certain time there might have been who I just saw that but there are some absent like father's there's some absent Latino father's there's some absent Asian father's but I don't know the statistics, but I'm sure there are more black men for some reason why I don't know but me personally I get offended when I'm out with my daughter and I see people are like, you're such a great dad. Oh my gosh, like that's supposed to be I feel like that's that's you being a great dad isn't know above and beyond. Normal, it's something that should that's that's you have a kid. That's what it should be. But when people see me on about like one night out, for example, I'm out to dinner with Lanie. I want to borrow so I felt like take her out to dinner and not see some people I'm showing her I was like, oh my God, where's Anna so she's at work. So it's just you and the baby. Yes, my daughter there. They look at me. Like I'm doing the wrong thing being out with my daughter by myself going to dinner and all we want to do is have give her some water and some snacks and I was going to have my barroso burger but I don't think about Rosenberger thing is the pizza. Actually that's what I go for. Yeah, right. See you had some of that you like that. Anyways, I feel like that stereotype is it's gotten a lot better. There have been a lot of black father stepping it up. There's a there's a few groups. I follow on Facebook. I think the social media really help that helps a lot and another adult adult dad's group that a lot of fathers have some apparel. And that's going a long way. So I have to feel like a lot of black fathers have stepped it up. But I feel like they're always been there. I know my pops been there since day one. My father's been they're still down and still there Thursday for no matter what he always preached it. My goal is to be better my dad, but I know that's not possible. My dad will get that ass not possible. My dad my dad lifted Haiti on his back. He put it on his whole back. I was whole back. Oh man. I'm pretty sure Barbados is bigger than 88.8 break it up. My dad had to hold. Whole Barbados on top of his dream. It's not possible because he broke the belt on your ass to put covers back and might be true. Yeah, so it does not weigh now what that my dad fucking that up? No not possible. We already know my dad crazy. My dad got that thing too. But anyway take mine. Pull it out. All right, we gonna get this might now this might cause some trouble just a hoax next one. Okay, but still some Spanish people. The Haitians which one are you do which one is better Pepito? Oh grandma. Oh, we going cray - all day. It might be almost the same thing that using going out of use now, but I'm saying Grandma's is number one complaint. So it is basically a I don't know how you would say. It's like a mix. It's a mix of like a teardrop not see those. I forgot the name of the liquor. I mean, I think you can see certain things or very creamy very around the seasonal times. It's amazing, but you can have that at any point. I just hands down sir cream. I sold a coquito is pretty damn good. I'm not from front. But if I had to pick one famous all the time, I still got a bottle of my fridge and it lasts forever. I've had both and I don't know I can't I can't pick on you know, I'm just going to he's scared. He's scared. That's what it is. This is one that I can you know, I can talk on this one people with multiple degrees are smarter. So multiple degrees. I'm talking about Bachelor. Master's degree PhD that automatically equals your smart wrong. That's wrong. That is absolutely wrong. I know many folks are many degrees of the dumber than bricks common sense is not taught in school. No, you can be book smart. There's a difference book-smart is great. Yes, you can take a great test for the view cannot view not can do daily household chores figure out how how to put some into a wall or driving his trash or some so much there but there's a whole other thing of just common sense is number one that you know, everyone's not from the street so you can't expect them to okay, but this common sense like people to this day feel they don't just need to wash their ass and brother fucking teeth, huh, they skipping out. Skipping out you can't skip out on that as fundamentals if I'm ever trained in the morning. I'm late. I'm a really be lame still brushing my teeth. I'm sorry to my clientele. If I'm late. If you know, I'm late. My breath will not be hot. That's one thing. That's number one. You know, people always say why we talked about it so much why you don't brush your teeth so much. You got to reiterate as many times crazy people. So people can understand the importance and personal hygiene. Washing your ass and brushing your teeth. It's necessary people numbers those two things do those two things and you'll be great in life. Next one what we got. some people said that As Weapons don't do anything they don't amount to anything, you know, we talked about Ash weapons and our last episode now for me personally, I ass whooping changed my life. Ass-whuppings with the S on actually, yeah, there's multiple there's my life. I think it worked out for the better. What are you have anything for it has definitely worked out for me hence that yo-yo something that your story but I tell you one thing my brother Mitch. If you don't know my brother Mitch, he's one of the smartest motherfuckers. I know and my dad beat that into what was he doing before boy boy was trying to be cool guys cool until one night. Let me this the alpha-1 want to tell you about so this is this is episode 1 and 2 mixed together. So I'm gonna tell you how to ask open and I will tell you Outcome of the aspirin and this is what we talked about the Africans being a good thing. My brother's acting up raise weren't looking too. Well. My dad warned them, you know before every accident there's a warning before every accident there is a warning and that was his warning got his report card. And you know scary thing is when my dad come home quiet. You need to be scared. You should be scared to get your grades by watching how I'm playing. I won't I won't know you're okay. I'm kidding. Anyways, my dad comes home around 5:00 or 6:00. We're already home were hanging were probably playing video games on that and say a word. No. No, my brother didn't want knew he was in trouble. Everyone goes to sleep. My dad might be under the jail right now this gets out, but it worked out well. My brother grades were so bad. My dad made my brother wake up at 2 a.m. Or 3 a.m. He said get naked and get in the shower. My brother was Dazed and Confused. He was Dazed and Confused after that. I was hoping to my dad got him in the shower God. I'm out. The shower didn't let him runs off or then let them dry off and put that belt to that ass. Next semester Straight A's now engineer to kids home that Apple beside him straight and Janerio it yo, I was my dad beat me like that. I want to just talk a football tell you that but here's the thing this talking to some of my friends today. We did have a talk about this ass-whooping thing that album stuff it can go both ways. We're starting kids. But I feel like some kids in poverty. The asshole opens only go so far. They see the way their parents act with other folks and they think that's okay. So when they do do that stuff in school, that's all learned and I think it's like it they can get to ask them what they want. But when they see their parents do it again, it's whatever me my parents are doing it at so I kind of got that I respected everyone from day one, but when I act up in school or act up in public trying to run around and Macy's or whatever trying to hide inside the clothes weigh an asshole, but once I get home now Is don't work that way but you got to figure it out. But yeah, I'ma tell em what you got my story real quick, you know. So one day I'm going shopping with my mom and my aunt and my brother. I'm in the backseat and it's raining so, you know how it's foggy inside. So I decided and I'm probably third grade at this point. I decide in the back window. I want to write fuck so I'm riding it f uck for those that don't know. Yeah. I don't know how to spell dollars as I finish the cave my mom look, She in the passenger seat. She looked back. She go. Okay. All right, watch wait till I tell your dad. Mmm sniffs, you know, she's a head when I tell you I cried for morning. It's a night thinking about what was going to happen to me, please please Mom, please don't tell that we plead Beggin Beggin you're crying. Night Comes we back home Pop's come home happy and hey - what's up, man? What? Um, how's your day anything anything happen today? Stupid little me didn't know any better. That was my chance, but I'm a firm believer of not telling on yourself. So I remain strong I said, no dad everything cool. Nothing happened. Everything was smooth. He said you sure does he gave me another chance guy to save myself. I said no everything cool. He said cool cool. Cool the extra all you heard was that belt? Uncle and I knowed I was my eyes more the story don't lie. Keep it real and you might get saved. I probably got the ass-whoopin either way, but I ain't tellin myself. But moral of the story of both stories is absolute pins change the lives of these young men. They say to me. Oh save me so figure it out, but do not abuse your kids. That's not what we do. That's not what we're talking about is the big difference. Do not abuse your kids disappear. The reactions are number one, but do not beat them out of frustration or out of trying to make fun of them. It's a different story teach them a lesson, but don't don't beat them a lesson. There's a difference. There's a big difference. I'm making sure that I'm gonna be the last one the last one we got this one, you know. Oh, I know what this one is this this one this one, you know, some people feel strong about it one way and another side to dog licking. Dog looking people in a face. I'm Alex start this one off because we all know he had two dogs and the last one three years. Yep two dogs. So he's you know, he's a dog person on the golf course and he got them all over his it. If you ever see a major pain, that's me with dogs become when it come to the if you see dogs acting up or they not listening he look he staring at him. I start the owners like how make them feel bad about themselves, right? Like how austere A kids and want to step in to offer ass whooping he does that with dogs. So what do you think about the dog licking stereotype, you know first off dog licking eyballs and licking your face is disgusting. It's wrong. You want to break out coronavirus right there. You don't know. What what what you talking about people talk about. Oh my God, the dog's mouth is the cleanest mouth on Earth, really? So the dog can lick his booty hole and it's balls and it's still the cleanest mouth and over and on earth. Does that make sense? That is wrong anything from a dog's mouth? You don't eat it. You don't let it slip your face spoon. Don't let the spoon touching you put in the sink. Throw it out. I forgot to mention that the dog licking the face as a that was attributed to white folks. Yeah and jumping on the bed and let them be on the bed. In my mind you yeah, I can do whatever I want to do. That's it. But with us Black Folk and me that's not acceptable in my world do what y'all got to do, but for me, that's a stereotype that we're going to leave to the other side. Um, that's all we have for today and nice nice and this is the loan actually found. This one's a good one. No, y'all got to let us know what you think. Please comment. Say something put some stuff out there. Let us know what you think. Let us know which I want to talk about. We already got a list of things that we can always always add always add. But please give us some insight what you guys think if you guys have any other stereotypes to bring up would love to share it. Make sure you check us out on Instagram at their times at a Joe for on Instagram. And please share the love. We signing out signing out. Holler at you. Oh boy. There you go. She said holla holla for a dollar.