I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you. Scooter stop pausing apparently my positive or not going well before we jump into the episode again. I would remind you that sometimes the episode will go dark and we will go light. This episode will be dealing with addiction as well. As you know a salt and sometimes worry. We'll make an inappropriate comment or two. So consider this your content warning. Yep. You've been warned. Ah, what did you you loved this episode? I truly didn't love Kim. I really like, I don't know because The actress is so good. She makes she gets under the skin but she's so good at like being so manipulative and like trying to play the victim every time I just and I just I'm really interested. I always have liked Ron's it's Rollins and like her background and backstory and stuff. And so I've always really liked like seeing her family coming to now because like she had a crazy childhood and I guess everyone else did too but I don't know something about hers is really interesting to me. And so I like it when we have the sort of Ron Centric episodes that kind of see Ver background because I mean she gets flustered whenever it happens. I for some reason her yeah. Okay, I was shopping. I was so mad. I said a lot of swear words. I was like get out of here leave. I hate you, but she really really hey. She didn't steal our stuff this time. At least there's that cook a we have should we have that honestly, I am In this episode The yeah, I am cut her out. Yeah, I am. She you you have no chances you have lost your rights. I am finding this episode. Yeah, but before we get into all the Kim drama, we need to quickly touch upon my least favorite character. This was my favorite moment in this entire episode. You tell us about it. Okay, so it starts out Olivia know walking down the street as they do in many openings, you know sequences in this season, especially and Seasons kids vaping and know it's like like he's kind of intrigued kind of interested in live. He's like, all right, let's go. Let's hurry this heard these Shenanigans up and he's like did you know he's just straight-up snitches on like these for fifth graders who were smoking in the bathroom. If you follow me on Twitter, you saw it, but I just thought it was so like it was just so funny. He's like because he just such a kid and like fifth graders smell like vaping in the bathroom. Yeah that that that part everyone seemed shocked by and not like shocked by it. But I was just like that is really young. Like maybe I'm just getting old that that seems so young. I love cats question. Was it just tobacco right? I'm just like I don't know Livia's like I didn't even think about that. Yeah, everyone's reactions to her funny. I thought like because cats like cat know they're like, she knows all about the Julie cats like yeah fifth graders for sure. Everything got it. Yep. What's the point really is that the problem is they have to be 18 for a week? Like my no never do that and things like well just keep an eye out. Well, I like that Finn is like girl your kid is not above everybody else. Also remind you remember stabler's kid that ever Minds me of how he always would talk to Sam about like not your kids know of course, right? He was ordering booze on Amazon and she was like 12. I miss that whole interaction that we used to have with State. Yeah and Finn. So that's the Noah crap and I loved am so sorry. That was so funny. I like the interactions of having responded. We all know how I someone a child had a theory on Twitter that knows like supplying everything and I like that would be a plot twist. I would love it. That would I like I'm ready for it. Like let's have him like, I mean, he's rebelled he's like, I don't remember what he did. He did someone or something. Yeah, even like all of whatever I like. Let's get him in a jewel ring. Like let's let's go there. All right. Let's talk about Rollins life still she has knee trouble. Yeah, where did this come from? Lowe's reminded me of when we like to for two segments was like all of you. I can't run fast anymore. You remember that? All right, because she was feeling out of shape, right and then we gave her that hot trainer and then we just didn't see him again. But he was so hot. It really was so there's any trouble she's getting it drain. They posted the SVU team posted the like behind the scenes of the Prosthetics that needed to make that thing on. On Ernie. Oh, really? Yeah, I don't need that. I don't need that. I didn't need to see it happen. I didn't need to see the gross thing on her knee kind of here for it. I love style of any BTS to give me I'm still eating the scraps right up. All right. She's like no painkillers. We got drama in my family speaking of Kim's in town with her. Yeah sure not for long. She's calling Rollins because she failed a drug test. She owed. He's at a pizza joint. After giving her child to some lady. He's like watch her for a sec. I'm so sorry if if someone hands me their offspring to watch for a moment. I've called the police. Yeah. No, I'm not watching first of all either trying to set me up for kidnapping right or are a terrible parent. Yeah. Absolutely not if a friend of mine says here hold this I'm going to the bathroom I go fade and just hold it out like this. Yeah. No, that wasn't. Not a not a good choice. So she ran this sink. I was like, what is she doing and I was like and then explained it was like, oh no, I don't believe that's why she did it. That seems insane. What really what do you think it was then? I don't know. I actually thought it was because she was going to do the drugs out of the sink. It didn't want it to get wet. I thought she was like drying the sink to like put her lying down to snort. Oh this reminds me of yes and Home Alone the web and it's something like put all of the stuff to like make these things run and that's like the mo of like You're so remind me of home alone. I think what Bandits um Drita the chat tells us that the you hot trainer is Mariska strainer in real life. No way. I love that and Nettie says that they mentioned her knee trouble in last week's episode swimming the sharks. So they played it out more than just this one. I don't remember I do not recall will have to re-watch. I mean, I'd love to but good but good good looking out. I love it everybody. So good was very sparse. Jones's season 23 know is dealing And that's what I'm saying, like love it. I mean you already know we're getting it. All right. So Kim, oh dude, she put the stuff in the sink. So someone come in if she OD'd she had her bipolar under control, but of course like many people once the medication makes them feel better. They stop taking it then she disappeared. We have this weird thing where like she was apparently still living with Rollins got her stuff together was seeing her and then disappeared like three years ago, and then their mom didn't hear from her because She moved back in with Lorenzo at some point. He's not the father whose lot. It was so much a lot going on sentences. She was cleaner whole pregnancy. I'm sorry. You don't get a cookie for that. Good job. They don't like well thank God for that, but she needed drugs because of the C-section infection. I will I do have to say I kind of did like this detail because I know that does happen like someone has a minor injury and so they start taking the pills for And then just kind of spirals because like those drugs can be really addictive. Absolutely. So I did what I thought I like that like touch because it's a really important issue. And yeah, nobody else is on the SVU podcast hem on the other powder has to be you podcast the right Dimension that when people think they might possibly do in there doing drugs, they'll turn on the water so someone can find them that's injured. I didn't know that was a thing. So that's why I was very confused. But I mean that does kind of make sense. It does make sense that pizza guy. I'd like to shove Door down to he was like not playing. I feel like he's had to do it before probably it was a little CD piece of jewelry. Yeah. I like to know he's a true hero and I love that when was like, yeah this woman just like left the baby's like that's not cool. You're right the police. He's like that ain't cool man. So Kim tries to make a deal by turning the cop who was extorting sex for pills. We will get to that in a bit Yeah, so Kim gets released with an ankle monitor. Dr. Jim arrives. Yeah that face for those who are listening to the podcast on I rolled my eyes. It was it was a sigh and a role device. Yeah. There it is. It's someone given please Jim Rollins Jim Rollins. He sucks. We know he sucks. I did not expect to meet him me neither, but he's getting married again. You'll love her. It's like meeting the third sister you never had. Did you hear the word? I was excited to see you. So gross he wants to stay with Amanda and meet the grandkids, but it's her house her rules. It is a sober house. So fin joins Rollins for more support came as worried about not getting custody. I like that Finn is there to go you're not. Yeah, you're not playing I loved it. I'm Finn in this episode you have to say and I also really like that. It's like towards Rollins because Rollins and fin had a Really like pretty close friendship, like right when she you know, kind of came to ask me like he helped her when she like she was having gambling problems coffee offered her money to pay off her debt. Yeah, I really like that and I'm not saying they like drifted apart or anything. We just haven't really seen those to like interact so much lately. And so I really liked that we got them and like he definitely has her back which I think is really sweet. It's interesting because when she's trying to get custody of the kid, she's like, yeah, the godparents are my captain and eight. Yay, why isn't fin a godparent? I don't remember because without when was that episode that was a couple of seasons ago. Right was this season it was this season. Oh, no. Oh, maybe it was this isn't for the yeah second kid. Yeah. Right, right. I don't know. Maybe it's just like not like official but I think he definitely is like put a slow roll in their life. Sure. They all play a role in each other's lives and still why isn't he hurt? Why would you why would she choose anyway, yeah moving on so Oh, yeah finding dreams of Spinoza family drama. That's true. When when Kim last did all this they had to stay with Finn. Yeah. I just love him so much. I really like their friendship. Me too. So he says you're not gonna catch your sisters. This is a nice crib again you and your son are out of chances. Yeah, Amen brother, but she still has a chance now is crazy. Right? So Rollins gets the custody on the kid. In their home is sober and that Kim can't have unsupervised visits with her own son. They come home and papa Rollins OD'd. Well, yeah, he's hospitalized Benson arrives can starts worrying about herself shocker. So surprised and then beds is like take it one day at a time calm down and then mom's essential. He's like what the hell is your plan now and she's like like Benson said one day at a time. She's just so like a loofah. She says daddy will wake up. He drove all the way up when I called. Yeah, but like do you not remember because we've heard stories about Rollins dad and he sucked like he abused their mom. So like I really hate I just I hate that we kind of in and out saying it's like the writing or anything. It makes sense. How can one be like well whatever and like kind of excuse it, but I really hate that we'll get to it at the end. I guess. I don't want to jump too far ahead. But just the way they kind of like treated him. Like he's a bad person like we've proven that he's a bad person. We're pretty much there. Oh when she's like he drove all the way up because I called them and Amanda is like that's what a father suppose. Yeah. Amen. Yep. So Kim learned and group that most inmates from talk come from toxic parents, but to heal you have to love something about where you're from. No, I disagree I disagree to and like not him like maybe love something else but this guy was his domestic violence like perpetrator. Yeah exactly. Has a fin was the realest in Samsung. He was awesome. Anyway, dad leaves. He skips Town pulls that out that Ivy. Yep Kim returns to jail because his OD scared her and the only way she had clean his imprisoned but dude button and Rollins mom is gonna come to town to raise the kid. No, don't do that to him. All right, let's get to the main block. You wild enough of this Rollins Drama All right, so beds have been go to Kim to see what she has to say about her doctor. It leads us to Dr. Capezio. Yep, for those who don't know that is Mark linn-baker who was in this huge sitcom in the I want to say 80s, but it's definitely in the 90s as well. I think called perfect strangers. Uh-huh. So he's like a pretty well-known sitcom actor. Okay was see him being this Purvis hilarious. That is great. He's good. He's so good fit isn't buying RBS. He's like, let's hear it. We're not making promises Kim reveals about the that he accepts barter. And that was such a weird like way towards that but then he also is like it's a barter system. It's not illegal. I mean it is low as the thing. Yeah, so she offers to go in with a wire know what she asks is. Mr. Barba still the da to he really likes me. She's like, it's crazy. Now that's good. He was always nice to me. Okay. Hey afterbuzzers before we move on to your next topic. We just want to say thanks to all. Sponsor anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free plus there are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer also anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more plus you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started. So there's this quick moment. Moment when Finn says two things that are managed and cut came out of her life and Benson's like that's what I did to my brother just a reminder Simon wasn't an addict before before he died as an addict. Yeah, and I do I do like the continuity though. We're bringing it up. I mean that's that's good. Yes. All right, so wrong goes undercover because it does make the most sense. I do like the way that she's like nah, I have yeah, it didn't make sense makes sense with cat and Finn watch. Hmm. So gross. The doctors like she told you how this works and imagine because the sex yeah, he's so blunt. I was like lie back pull up your skirt. I'll be right with you. I really like when cats like are we gonna let him go ahead of the injection? Yeah, you know, it feels like no one wants to see that they come in. What is this about like, you don't know zip it up. I was because I didn't realize he'd like unzipped his pants or anything. Yes. I was like, oh, I wonder if they came in too early and I'm going to move to use that are nope. Apparently was that I know I was glad but I was like I was kind of worried. It was like well, that's a procedure like we need whatever I think that in the time between them being like we're not going to watch. Yeah, so then barging in yeah, he had injected himself. Um, yeah, that's my guess. Yeah, so he's like, that's not right. That's barter. Okay, I don't think you understand. So Benson gets ready to call the da the hit deed wants to follow the evidence because the victims won't get Justice. Let's see where it takes us which gets us to Tiffany Reynolds. The sales rep from Harrington Pharmaceuticals. She's wonderful. I liked her. She's great. She's a spunky so Kathy is temping at capezios antipathy we go from kitty cat. I really wish you would have gone with kiddie again. Yeah, it would have made sense for like this rule. She's like very kiddi role like Kathy should have been the other one probably know both are good kid about kitty. Yeah. Kitty bujji you should go to use the save in Russia that's is always so she takes cat to lunch and recruit sir. No, but what she says is something there's a hot new Bistro of the block just like that. That was so like so do you lifetime me? There's a hot new Bistro of the block during this interaction where they're sitting there lunch. Maybe I just wanted it but Tiffany was hitting on cat. Yes. There and then she's like you get paid to party bingo bingo so they have a luncheon for their biggest prescribers to see if it's for her then we bring in Hadid who knows Harrington whole. Oh, sorry, we have to define a key term and this episode. He's she's already a PhD because she didn't finish Community College a PhD a poor hungry and desperate I just Just like you had a good point because we were talking about this before the show and yells like shouldn't one of the not been like pretty or hot know. It's all poor hungry desperate like, it's Just Gonna Knock You down all the adjectives should have been like a you're good-looking as well which is part of the job. We're hungry and desperate. There's a lot of lonely doctors in this world, right? You're also hot right pour hot and desperate also would have worked T HD baby. So Hadid comes in As Harrington she says it's probably a rogue sales team. She's vouching for the family. I really like the bends. It's like, let's see before we decide what's right. Yeah. So then we find out he'd went to college with Harrington attended his wedding. She has every connection like she literally is connected to every powerful person in New York. Oh, yeah, it's crazy. I would like more it me too. But I'm just like, okay, she's because every episode she said, oh, I know that we're a squash together forever. So cat goes undercover as a trial with Tiffany Benson also goes undercover. Dr. Benton. So you're a doctor Mazel Tov. I love it. We get the presentation and then hear about the hospitality Suites that in and of itself should have been enough. Oh, yeah and cats like oh like I don't think I know enough about the productivity suggest. We're not going to tell them what the product right? There you go upstairs Benson meets Rick As I'm a medical question her question. So it's one dose like the most basic. So let me let me just get this straight. So it's like one knows 24 hours. Sorry. I take one of these the pill. Yeah. Yeah, so buddies like there's a conference like this is such a basic questing the package says that like I need to go to the conference ma'am asked about side effects. So it's what so get. Let me just one pill 24 hours. This is our Else and it's not doable 24 hours. Not a gerbil not only gummy vitamins. All right. So what happens is the hospitality suite stays in the hospitality suite except that we then find out that there's a camera recording it for insurance purposes. Then we have cat and Tiffany make it out. He do. She says you got a three-way before right having you don't answer that. I know you have I'm sorry go on. Cat has done what now with who huh? Go on an elaborate it has she cat tells cat Telstra. Do you want man? I'm so into it then Tiffany points out to dr. Gould we double your pleasure. You double the order and he's like, yeah, I'll do that now take each other's blouses off. I was like this is going far like they are getting far in this. Yeah then thin and some On interrupt them and arrest everybody. Who was that? I don't know. Who was that some random. Give her a name we didn't thank her for helping because we're spread to think you're over here. Who is she? We don't know. All right. Carisi talks to me. She says tell us who gives you the orders Benson doesn't either Tiffany says it's a sex for drugs directive coming from above. And Tiffany gets them tickets to a charity benefit where Benson's gonna try to you know, see who the supervisor is move up the chain so crazy points out to Hadid that either Harrington doesn't know how his business works or he's complicit, right? But she allows them to move forward bends in a cat go undercover Rick's like let's talk about that Retreat. I like that Benson. Shuts it down. Yeah I did too. Yes, Queen moves right there. She's like I'm opening a bunch of clinics that volume is significant. I need more than my ties and farmer whores. Heck. Yes. He's like, what do you want stock options bonuses. Now, we're talking like you listen. Yeah. I liked that interaction. So me so so Rick's gotta run up the ladder. She's like introduced me to Harrington. He's like, I don't know him that well that man right there. You don't know him. Yeah so silly and then the big twist Hadid enter feels like you snake I was so mad he to us like you are shady. She's like those are cops. We need to talk. Look. Whoa, she tells him about Tiffany and he's like, well, the sales rep wants to build favors. Are we police it? I mean doing more than you're doing probably. Yeah, my dudes is that she stopped us for you from calling the da. I was like interesting that you chose to tell him on a recording that you are planning to give over. Yeah that you did this thing fine. She's like I'm talking to you as a friend or he's like I'm talking to you as a friend and he wants to woo her from the DA's office to be his counsel. But until then she can keep tabs on the case for him and she asked how much exposed to do you have and he's like did we downplay how addictive their push them harder than we should have. This is business. Okay, it seems awful and he asked her to keep her to let him know what's happened on the case. She records the whole thing secret mic and she says on the tape. We also hear that her. She says your father wouldn't let a Hadid Mary Harrington. It's like they were a couple sure and she which is interesting. Yeah, I think that's really interesting. I want more about her. Me too. I actually really To like I know that we have our issues. Yeah, I don't necessarily trust her but honestly this move I was like, okay like this was a big step in me like starting to feel better about her. She said that I leveraged a personal relationship. I'm not proud of that and she didn't tell us view she want to hear for herself and that if it hadn't panned out, they would have never known except that we literally saw you show up and go they're cops frightened. Okay, so Chris is taking on the case because he's a - and then he threatens her and his like you broke my heart. Okay, here's a while. So for prediction also for prediction save her predictions, let's do it now. Okay predictions. Nope. Yes. No. Yeah. Let's do it guys. I am worried about hitting safety. Thank you. Thank you. I'm worried about Hadid safety. I'm gonna be completely honest because here's the thing. We've been building her. We've been painting her and a certain way and I just think don't think that we should Take this threat so lightly because he is really powerful really connected. I'm legitimately worried for her. I feel like she hasn't got her like moment to like in the spotlight. She's like new to SVU. I think something's gonna happen to her. I like your prediction. I don't know. I don't know something big. I think something big will happen to her something big has to happen because we've been building this thing where we don't trust her. We don't know where right is one Benson at some point is like so we can go ahead and she's like, yeah, of course and then they're like, she's on our side and were like, oh she's in kind always like yeah always like she's does not mean that so I definitely think we're moving towards something. I think though. It could be a case of like something happens Hershey's framed for something then because we don't trust her whatever. And then Harrington is like you better be careful like your entire life just got ruined because you did this and maybe he's like get a frame her for something. I don't know. I just feel like it's gonna be like, we don't trust her and then this isn't going to come back in some way. I really like the idea because we've been building that maybe she isn't on their side that she gets framed in there. Like you've never been on our side. Yeah, and then they're like, oh are bad. Yeah. I really think that that's possible. All right before we talk about the same pulp and what's happening next week. I want to remind everybody of the big news. That came in. Yes, because if you somehow missed last episode that we discussed SVU has been renewed for three more years at six. Whoo, we're going through season 24 at the very least, which is very exciting. That's actually incredible. That's good news. Also shall I tell you what's happening on next week's episode? Yes do it in the voice. Oh next episode is on March 19th. Not next week. Yeah and case of online extortion. Male dancers are secretly recording other dancers having sex. It's not just black male. It's sex trafficking with guest star John Waters. I was so good. Thank you. Good job. Let me tell you about John Waters. Yes, the guests are game on this season is killing it. Yeah. John Waters is a famous famous director. He made Hairspray the original that is his property. He is made Pink Flamingos crybaby with Johnny. Need Epi baby Johnny Debbie. Well, maybe um with some my favorites of his are sessile be demented and a dirty shame. He's incredible. He's very famous for his pencil Mustang which he has in the episode. I'm so excited for this episode. I don't care what the plot is. He's that I will have to say I feel like this is maybe a slightly ripped from the headlines episode because if anyone follows like Broadway at all there. Um, it's a pretty big Scandal right now because in the new West Side Story not like reboot but Revival, I guess on Broadway right now. One of the dancers was actually accused and I think he was like found guilty like taking a photo of a girl like a nude photo of a girl or like recording her without her knowledge like of those two having sex and like sending it around like the members of the dance like Truman like it kind of like leaking and so I know a lot of people are really angry and rightfully so that he is like still has his career and is in this new West Side Story Revival. So I feel like maybe it's sort of inspired by that if that is the case. Of course, we will bring you all of that. Yes. We next episode. I gotta say next episode because there is a Hiatus until March 1904 crazy. We are repeating or we're doing one poll this week. Yes, so it was from swimming with the sharks. It is the Frenemies pole. Why do you tell me what the options are sure? So we have Mean Season 5 Episode 15 great episode. Do I need to know that's fine. Watch the last one if you need to lose weight or read a synopsis or we watch it or you want that's the best option. That's all of them. We have wet season 12 episode 5 AKA I did not send the captain with the pickle episode. Okay, the mushrooms episode. Yes water. Tell us about water. Yeah, we have theater tricks aka the best one in the fall season 13 episode 11, and then we have swimming with the sharks which we just discussed. So after you watch this one go back and watch this one. That one of you missed it. Um, do you see who is in the current lead? Do not the one our Wi-Fi is not doing are so hot right now, but if you'd like to know that's fine. That's fine. That's fine. We don't need to know who's currently in the lead because we know where we'll land. Hopefully it's theater drinks, but I don't know you guys sometimes you sometimes you throw me a curve ball. That's true. I will tell you where to find that in just a minute. I want to give out some shoutouts to people or joining us in the chat. We have Nettie and Doreen. Zach Lisette is also joining us. I definitely saw other people Alice Jones's here. Yeah, so excited to be doing this with all you thank you for joining us. Yes. Thank you so much. We love having you with us live. Yeah, we are still at 5 p.m. On Sundays. Yeah on March 19th. I believe will continue to be at 5 p.m. We'll let you know if we switch times again. Yeah, where can one find you in the poll Taylor you guys can and me and the poll on Twitter alphabet underscore and an on Instagram at Taylor underscore Gates underscore Zach tells us that wet is in the lead really interesting. Okay, I'll take that looks like thank you Zach. I'm yell tegel. I'm ever at Yale to go. That's why alt y GI o between now and March 19th. I swear I will be watching SVU a lot. So feel free to tweet me or Instagram at me or on my Facebook yell tegel to discuss S view all the time. I'm all the time. We'll see you in a few weeks by. Our founder Keven undergaro and me Maria Menounos would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz TV. Remember, we're not just the first were the biggest in the world and were the only destination for all your favorite TV shows whatever you crave. We've got it. So go to AfterBuzz tv.com and check out our lineup Buzz. See you later. Hmm use express herein are those of the host only and do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners are principle.