Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher public announcement trailer you may have noticed that this guy is influenced the name of the bad guys. If you may have heard it correctly. They're called The Blind Wolves. Yeah, they are boom. I love it made brand on topic. You know. He spicy Legend how Why on Earth are you on this fine? March week May March Madness, but is madness is 25 but I put up a patreon post 25% of the way through the year already. It's mental. I'm really good mate at a nice chilled weekend. Got a few trips to the old Cinema in which is good today back to my spiritual home. But other than that, yeah looking forward to cracking on shooting the galactic Bruce, but you've been in a you've been a busy boy eurochart in recently. Yeah, man, I spent last week. Um, I wove I was in Romania and Bucharest Romania. No coronavirus so fast, that's good. You never know. I might be a carrier never know but they're we do not lie. That's it. But but thank like literally I've come back to work today and they've said no more travel across the whole world this my parent company are no more travel. So like I was at the tail end of that so but yeah, it was amazing good food. Good drink good company the people out there. With Darlings and I even met a legendary Star Wars fan out there in the office. He had Rogue one coasters the the lat I believe I'm look. Okay. It really awkward. I think his name was Marius sounds about wrong. I'm so sorry, but I'm going to send them a link to this podcast insert name here. Yeah, Shad to Marius / insert. Here in Bucharest Big Star Wars fan dude. I am so buzzing for this week to talk. Just just talk Star Wars shoot the galactic Breeze because that's what we do best. But up front what has been happening this week. Maybe boy in the news of Star Wars. Let's find out the ob1 Disney plus series reportedly has the working title of pilgrim. Oh Juna suet Amo and his wife Miller pudges Farah have named their newborn baby daughter backer James. Mangold has denied rumors. He is directing an episode of the Mandalorian. Robert Rodriguez has also been linked to the show Battlefront 2 dropped a big update Title to the age of Including new Coop Maps. Ewok Hunters is be agents weapons and more and finally the Star Wars sessions website has officially launched all episodes news appearances and more can be found at www.starballroomdancestudio.com dot U k-- good week there in news last week. We had a big bit. Of news drop and that is what's going to be taken up the bulk of tonight's show last week. It was and that was that project luminous was no more gone. See you later. It was in fact the working title for the high Republic something we've been speculating about and everybody out. There have been speculating have been leaks Here There and Everywhere Opus been bulletin. Our friend from Wales was all over that. So the high Republic time period set 200 years before the Skywalker Saga. It's official now the Skywalker All covers over welcome to the new era of Star Wars the high Republic is a big deal everything. That's come before is now gone its history. It's fantastic history. But now we're moving forward to hire a public Bly low when you heard all about this being officially confirm. What were your initial thoughts might like you've kind of already alluded to we've known about this for a wee while we heard about it from people already though. There were literally people out here saying the high Republic they coined it. The actual phrase. Yeah, it's not like oh wow. Oh my days. This is mind-blowing. It's not it's not quite like that. I mean it's stored big deal, but it's not quite you know Revel revolutionary, but dude, I can't help but feel really optimistic about this. I have a very good feeling about it. It's just the way it's been pitched the way the what the way the whole thing was It just seems good. It seems decent and we're we're back at like a start. It just seems it seems like it's a fresh slate and it seems like if they got the right Talent on board, they got the right people on board. It seems I want to know things where yeah, I don't know if they're gonna go wrong. It just seems like things are going to go right and things are going to fall in the right places. So I am cautiously optimistic about this nice. Ice, but I obviously but buzzing for this because they're a lot of the backbone of this is novels. I'm a big novel fan and comics and so before we get into the trailer what we're going to see in the new the high Republic sorry, then releases we're going to get and all that good stuff. The first thing I thought of was obviously I think about blah are in most of the time who doesn't but the hairline like that we all think about him, but when they dropped it and it was confirmed that the certainly this first face if I can call it that is going to In the written medium, I did think of you because I thought you know, you've been you've been open if they don't really read the Star Wars books Comics here and there but what did it will has this kind of made? You think all I might pick up the first book that comes out because it's kicking off this new era which could feed to be last for a decade or even more if it goes well, bro. I can't lie to you. I can't even lie to I knew I had nothing in the background you naughty boy. I cannot even lie to you. This looks good. This looks good. Cop evil and I think I would probably cop it even if it is our audio book or something like that because the thing is man despite the fact that you love recommend these books and this and that it the cannon honor. I've always been quite honest with this and quite transparent with it, but the cannon has always felt a little predictable and uneventful and not that special. It just feels like it's an afterthought. After the live action films or series or cartoons and the truth is especially tail end of 2019. It just feels like that in places do not I mean like it just feels like that. So for the first time in the Disney era of Star Wars these Books and Comics for me seem actually quite important. So yes, I've Automatically got more of a draw toward a hard cover book like light of the Jedi for example immediately or any of the books. I need the comics. It just seems really interesting. And I love the premise. I love the premise map though. I'm for me. I'm excited to hear that because it's it means I haven't got a relay the story to some got remember all the bullet points in my head, but I think it's been good its face. It's a win-win for lucasfilm Disney and the Companies because if people want to get into the new era and if this does small into TV series and movies again know what that's going to happen, but if it's successful who's to say it's not going to then people may need to know more of the story. So they may they may have to read these books. I don't think these I still don't think these books are going to be utterly required reading when it comes to if they released a film for example setting this whole Republic era because I got to make it accessible for the masses. But I think if you read these books and Comics, you're going to have such a rich understanding of this new era and you mentioned like the Jedi should we should we just run down the releases that we've actually definitely got yeah, let's do it man. Let's do it. We went to like the Jedi Charles Soul who is basically been doing. He's been up to Trail it blazing a trail in the comic books recently. He's actually going to be kicking this whole thing off in August with like of the Jedi which is going to be the first entry into the higher public which again I say, The new era of Star Wars starts in August and it falls on Charles Soule shoulders to kick it off Mmm Yeah, but that that isn't necessarily a bad thing because when Charles Soul has done has worked on any of the previous Star Wars properties. I've always been impressed and I'm again, I'm not like the biggest cannon Connor say here. That's Mighty boy and there's there's even beyond that. There are people that crazy into all the Star Wars Canon and I I really about those people. I love those people and we need people like that too. But yeah, he has a good track record. Yep. I'm can't wait. Somebody else has got a good track record Claudia gray into the dark. It's gonna be a young adult novel and but I certainly I think a lot of people still need to be swayed like young adult doesn't mean Twilight don't know though is just you know that just as well as aimed at but Lost Stars while I think are going to be up glittery vampires. Lost ours was that young adult novel and it's the best can another that way it doesn't mean it. You know, it still goes places. So it Claudia Gray's name against anything. I mean, yeah my I mean klaudia again, I hear nothing but good things. That's it that it that that's my bit. Yeah go to a klaudia easement for you. Then a test of Courage. It's going to be a middle grade novel written by Justina. Island now, I know you've read a lot of her books. Yeah, Justina island, is that our favorite that old? Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, Justina has done. I can't remember which book it was now but she's done a lot of a few middle grade novels in one of the journey to lines to one of the film's I believe. Yeah, I'm joking aside. I recognized the name. The only name I don't recognize in this and again it may be you. The correct name is Daniel. Older Daniel. Jose a order. Yeah, he did. He wrote this is this one always get I think it was last shot because most one of the larger he wrote last shot and last year we did. Alright you were in Barcelona at the time but we did our Cannon novels episode. Oh, yes. I remember my sister was out there, you know, which is your which would you call your best and your worst novels last shot was bottom of very much everybody's so he's going to be doing the Uh Republic Adventures, but that's going to be an IDW comic series. And again, I actually quite enjoyed last shot. I didn't think it was that bad. It was a hard and Lando comic set over a few different time periods. I thought was all right. Yeah, but yeah, that's his main contribution so far. Yeah, it all looks I mean, this is like part one or phase one whatever you want to call it. Right? And it already looks like there is more planning being put into this than the sequel trilogy. I find that absolutely mental. It's good that it's good. It's a start. It's a start on what if this Foundation is so solid that yeah, like live-action stuff is going to come from it. I could see that potentially happening. I want I to I know for the time being it is just comics and books I get that. I know that fair enough and like I said earlier there needs to be space for that and I I'm just so happy. It's original. I am so happy and excited for these Tales. Yeah, Matt. Like I can dude. I'm so excited. Beer ice is the most excited. I've been for expanded material man for a long time. I imagined as well. And we also get the higher Republic which is a Marvel comic series going to be by Kevin Scott, which I'm really excited about as well. So that's going to be a lot on on running thing and I do think that the endgame here is that people buy into this. And then the story's going forward will be tied around this era made, maybe not but it to my head. I think if they're going to push so hard with this era and then the next stop two or three films are set in different areas all over the place. I don't know that that against Max to me of I don't see my good planning to me. I think they should focus our efforts on one particular time in the galactic timeline and just go for it basically have everything like you said feel important. So the books that I'm Going to read the comments you're going to read are going to directly link into the film. Obviously, the film will probably still end up taking precedence. But in terms of the Canon know it'll be vital and that's what I can't wait about and yeah, you mentioned that they in that trailer you have they had them all sitting around the table there the brainstorming image and there are spitballing ideas left right and Center. That's what we want to see and I've seen people criticize that and I'm not sure why because that's exactly what we want. That's what creative they get together. Like if ideas and some of the stuff that was on that board will not get into it. It's just ideas to happen. Yeah, you know if I can I can I can I can I mention one thing I could always mention one thing. Wait, shall I mention one thing? Yeah. I might even mentioned like one or two things. Is that okay you can you kids out there is something there is some funny stuff on this board. Right? What Matty boy is talking about is on the YouTube video for the high Republic launch. Yeah, the announcement video Yeah an announcement trailer for Star Wars the high Republic by the way, this got over 1 million views like quite with it within a few weeks. I'm for an announcement on Books and Comics. It's quiet Star Wars is safe and effective. Yeah, right. I mean that's quite is impressive. It is impressive and it was on the trending lists as well on YouTube, which Get away Nicole think Star Wars usually is but it's a big deal and I'm going to mention these few things man. Like so that the board's if you pause it at like I think it's 120 for this video. You see the board we're talking about. So if you want to look at it yourself, you can go go on the video go to 124 you found it and the the board is divided into three sections. It says fiction Star Wars and Star Wars which wishes which is wishes on the feet. That's it man on. The fiction bit it says actual ending. I like that actual ending but I it's like that is yeah, there is a word that there is a word there that does not need to be there actual should I mean like how ya like that does not necessarily need to be there. You could just put good ending or ending solid ending actual ending in English that just implies you are like you Looking down at something. I just I just thought that was true ending. I know that was right. And is that especially now that it's been light uploaded two months after a good ending but there we go. There we go. There we go. We I don't mean to go down and then Star Wars wish yes, hang on even on the board right in the middle in the middle a Star Wars. It says not pro-war. Well, I think I'm so sorry. I'm sorry guys, it's not know which means Star Wars is not pro-war. Like there's good people and bad people is nothing to do with who's pro-war. It's good versus bad. You can't be not pro-war in a in a mythological Universe called Star Wars come on into like a bit of war the good guys too, but they don't There was this thing good like the prequels in the Clone Wars, which is La you know, there's a lot of warrants to be a Mandalorian much as well, you know, and then on the Star Wars wishes, I don't even know if this is talking about like in universe or out Universe. It says it says some funny stuff in here man. It says universities or that what Star Wars wishes. Hi Republic Relic Hunters University your Not coming into the galaxy far far away if you've got and you've got a degree from can't be right. You've been it. You've been Anglia Ruskin University may get out of here. What is that then underneath? What does it say? I hope it's what I'm thinking of is it the things that got a bra dinosaurs what dinosaur the bottom of the middle column Star Wars? It does is it says complicated monsters, so kind of tie In a complicated monster, but he'll on let's hit the rancor and always thought you look a bit complicated mate. So we're now I feel Vindicated. I liked their there we go. It says Seth Mr. One of them. That's interesting. That's that's probably the most interesting one and the one that has the most to do if story yeah. Yeah when it when it comes to specifics it's more better than dinosaurs. I mean knocking a dinosaur bad T-Rex in the space. I'm guessing they meant looks like school. All monsters, but the way it is as dinosaurs. I'm its tongue in cheek. I'm guessing as I hope so man, because we've had attack of the Clones. Yeah. Yeah the Geonosis Arena we've had those weird alien thing monster things but then complicate monsters. Maybe that's what they were thinking after they went back when we thought their life. What? Yeah. Yeah, maybe they're like, well, what's what's that thing that steps on people and it's blue and fights over one, lro you to learn about the Thing from Attack of the Clones. Yes, I or something like that. Then that Star Wars will put that the couple is honest. There we go. There we go. Um, right. Okay. Yes. So we're moving away from that from from we've talked about the actual releases comics and books. We've talked about the the board summary Matty boy High Republic. What would you like to see in this or what? Would you like this to become or Glued in the future. It's a good question. I would like you to become the next era Bonafide next era where it covers books Comics TV animated movies like The Skywalker soccer. Did we had everything that came before was intrinsically linked to that Saga? So I'd want it to become the new saga it set what 200 years before the fact that many. So I guess the question is how it's going to have an actual ending or an ending. How far out from The Phantom Menace is it going to end because Have said that this is as far as detached as you can get from the Skywalker Saga. So I'm guessing it's not going to end up the day before with older. She's powerful Tina donning his ropes. So what do I want? I don't know. It's quite hard to to think about what I'd want because all I want is good stories. Obviously. Yeah, I'm that much money. I want this story is it's hearty throughout the threat of the guys are called the Nile the Nile or the blow so and they're a bunch of they called Spike. They called him space Vikings are Smugglers. Found was bounty hunters and the big question. I think it was Catherine. Kennedy asked was what scares the Jedi so I guess I'd like to know that because this is the Jedi in their pump. This is then when they like bowling around the Galaxy with a lot of Sabers twirling, so all I want is I want them to meet at now when they came out in 2012. They said all every bit of Cannon means something is connected. They all count. They're all as important as each other that wasn't the case as it turned out. I want them to mean what they say now when I say everything is going to interconnect. It's all going to be as important as I say it's going to be so that is story aside. That is the most important thing for me in terms of story. Apparently it's going to be they're going to be the Jedi are going to be the they're going to but then they call him like the wild west kind of Rangers where they just out and like the Outlaws on the frontier, you know, just patrolling the Galaxy, so I don't know I'd like to see more of a law type thing. So I don't obviously I want to see big battles and A little bit of light saber action. I know they said it's detached from the Skywalker Saga be got a think that there's going to be a Sith in the background who is going to be nameless and faceless, but he's going to take a few Jedi with him dude. I have like no down some stuff not loads of stuff, but just some thoughts. I've had not over the course of the week specifically regarding this this topic and one of the things that I thought of Is the Sith being in the background but it does it doesn't mean they have to be prominent because it is not their time to rise. There's two there that and there are two facts that we know we know that Palpatine and Plagueis are kind of on that tail end of the Huayra public early end of The Phantom Menace, right? So we know that those guys are established in the rule of two. Yeah. They're they're Sith role of to there's always Is to yeah, and then we also know from animatable. I'd like to thank you up your please see this one mate. You're going to be proud of me. Dude. Yoda knows about Darth Bane from your clients Denis from lights T's season 6 in it. So there we go mate told you and and he I think if I'm not going to Mentor they allude to the rule if they do in that light and and it implies that Darth Bane is one that found it, right. like its kind of from my memory, it's artistically interpretated, but it's kind of it's obvious but it's vague enough that it could be changed in the future, but it's pretty much given Darth Bane is Canon and Darth Bane was the one who said the rule of two. So and we know that was ages ago that was in the Old Republic. So we've got this Gap in between the sifton just go away. No, not me nifty. And that's the point is they don't have to be front and center the day at the moment. This is the Jedis time to be front and center. And before we carry on our pasta point back to you mate Point Tennis bang you mention Kathleen Kennedy a second ago. I just want to say Bob Iger cool. You know what and the last two episodes we did our By po 2 episode the next day Bosh the merch drops. We did a bob bob Iger Kathleen Kennedy episode, you know talking about what I've done and where they might go in the future hours before I go gum. I'm hoping that they hire a public isn't cancelled after this show. What something because we're two for two of the minute well or bro, if this is anything to go by this Thursday, what is the date going to be on fiscally fit what we know about that V, you know all about that Sunshine Listen People this Thursday You know what? It's going to be the end of the Huayra public or what beer o'clock? It's gonna be a high Republic film announced where you heard it here first. If it does happen, we won't roll to heard. It hit a boy. It's not going to happen. But for bands, let's see. If it doesn't matter mate you imagine imagine that man? Yeah. So that's just talking about ass. If anything else you from this era from this Foundation because that the Jedi get the feeling the Jedi going to be up front and center as they should. Because this is their Prime I do have a idea about what this is all about. And I don't think it is necessarily Jedi versus Seth or anything like that. I think it's a lot more practical than that, but I'll let you I'll pass it back to yourself or I didn't or if you have the same line of thing. I'm sorry, not as intelligent as you so I think we'll be on different wavelengths get out of it. Yeah, I agree we There are in Legends are at there are plenty of Sith who may have been around at this time in Cannon there isn't there's a lot of Cannon and you can insist Lord. Thanks to the rise of Skywalker visual dictionary and the Sith Legions like dark tenebrous Revenue that but then the canonically they are not around at this time. So as far as we know there are no Sith, but we know they've been waiting they've been biding their time in the background. So I don't know maybe there could be a Sith who thinks he's a Jedi going. I don't go around looking at these hidden hidden worlds and they might be going a little bit too close to close two weeks ago and this guy might be like, nope off with your head. So the I mean the whole thing started so called the Great disaster, which we don't know what it is yet, but the higher public starts with the great disaster that's going to kick everything off apparently and the Jedi Knights have been called the Jedi Knights of the Round Table and they have said actually that this is a Jedi Sentra Kira because this is you know it. It is when they're in their prior thousand Generations the Jedi Knights sort of the Guardians of peace and Justice in the Galaxy. This is them in their Prime. So there is going to be all about them. But yeah, the the the real question is obviously what will they be fighting? What does scary Deadeye because as we know from blood flylo's thoughts before we know what comes after so we know that whatever scares a Jedi's probably going to other be extinct by then or it could be the rise of the Sith scares the Jedi and they are trying I can't extinguish that threat whether that then again leads to much into the sky walk or cycle. I don't know but so it turns of Sith. I can see there being something going on in the background but like you say not prominently not even the Puppet Master but just a dark shadow manifesting in the background. That's what I think's going to happen. I'm interested to know what the great disaster is that starts this whole thing off and that's what excites me the most is before. Yeah before The Phantom Menace we have no we have nothing. So the great disaster could be whatever they wanted to be and I've got a photo out there. I've seen a lot of complaints people are saying why are they starting with a blank canvas when there's the Old Republic firstly starting with a blank slate is perfect because nothing could be overwritten. No childhoods could be ruined less to say that you could write freely without any restraint because let's be honest with each other and the world that I had they done the Old Republic and absolutely gutted it and changed it would the same people because I ain't I'm still They went for the Old Republic even though it's not what we remember. I don't think so. Simply just making weird simply just don't know everything there were public those games and everything the books and they were they will make them Cannon and not actually change anything creatively that is dry that is bottom of the barrel because you wouldn't you know, you just basically just you know, oh, yeah that stuff. Yeah, that's kind of done. We wouldn't have a big announcement. They could just tweet about it. Oh, by the way, the other Republic's Cannon play those games. It means everything now. Maybe the high Republic will be used to set up the Old Republic maybe the great disaster will be will find out with something which was started in the Old Republic and ended up coming to fruition or going wrong in the her Republic Star Wars. It never is never going away. The Old Republic times good will come but you can't imagine that they're just going to make the higher up the Old Republic Canon as we all know it now it's going to be changed down there will be issues of that as well. So I had I wanted to mention that because I think it's perfect that they're starting with a blank. And we get to ask each other the question. What would you like and what would you like because we can't be disappointed now because we could we have no yeah, you know, we've got nothing left on the basis of evil people have a yam people have a preconceived idea of what the Old Republic option b and that is that is an issue and also the Old Republic is To me. I mean, this is from the from the get-go this to me makes more sense. I've already been I've already seen comparisons about the like 200 year Gap, but bro like 200 years think think of 1822 2020 now right I've seen that and I'm not the only one who's seen that I thought that after the inning announcement. I've seen that comment so so many times on the Internet it's crazy. Um, I want to I want to bring about so fat that the the this story cannot undermine the Skywalker Saga. It can't and I feel like the Old Republic almost. It it doesn't it doesn't undermine it but it does it's too much. It is too much but I think the the and that's my opinion right? I know because I my appreciation I respect the fact that the Old Republic games and and and material is sacred to some people. I understand now, I haven't got that emotional connection to it like others do but you know, that's that's me. I feel like this is a perfect way to begin this process and I think 200 years is going to be more significant than people think the reason I say that is because I am I right in saying that in this video and in this announcement people were talking people from lucasfilm and from this publishing group this story group were talking about yet hyperspace and now a sign that this is that they are just discovering it just having new routes and Yeah new routes and new ways to get around it blah blah. Yeah. Yeah, bro. And this is the thing Old Republic compared to the clone wars in the old cannon in the old EU they have like the exact same technology. It's art been 4,000 years. What technology are going to is how what visually what's it going to look like because the prequels are shiny and clean because it was a age of prosperity 200 years before we don't accurately be looking at my yeah. This is the point is is George made the prequels the way where they were because that was meant to be from a shallow and from a physical manufactured standpoint the the surface of the prequels of shiny and new whereas whereas behind it. Everything was rotting. That was the point that was the point. It can be compared, you know to to today's society in in in many ways and I don't mean to, you know, get that serious and deep on a Star Wars. Podcast and I will slightly divert my attention from that but it is something to remember practicality. Yeah, I don't think this is going to be looking the exact same as the president. He's the reason I say that is I think and we could be totally wrong here. But I think the hyperspace thing was a big deal. They mention that one purpose they have got something figured out and in A pipeline about hyperspace already. Otherwise, I wouldn't say it. I have a theory. I have a theory people. It's an OE spicy one. In fact it if it's true it will just come down to one slice execute. I'm gonna put a cup of tea my I've got a I've got no ear brewdog now this juice. Yeah, man. It's no easy. I got a mole you pack of it at the weekend. We had some friends over Saturday. Uh, and I just had one in the fridge that brass hats. A 6.5 because some days it's good stuff. Yeah, great fruit infused. IPA is pretty noisy. Can't lie to you. Where was I fear? Yeah, I think it's do of hyperspace. That's a man like I so I think in this of by the time of the Skywalker's Saga hyperspace can be put into ships out the Falcon and they can bat Black hop to each planet, right? That's why something like the Kessel Run was done in the original trilogy error, right? Well, I think the Huayra public they just figuring out hyperspace. Okay, but it's not going to be in a conventional sense that we know it. For example, we as how we know Star Wars and how everything works in Star Wars is a ship's go from coordinate to coordinate via hyperspace. That is a rough explanation of it. I think in the Huayra public ships are going to go to these likes. Stations and then the station's send you to another station. Like they can ping the ship to another station and I think the quote unquote great disaster is one of those stations being destroyed. I know it sounds just really really that was I limited it would be almost impossible. Exactly. And what did the Vikings do man? Like, there's a reason they've not compared to matter what get to say that that a lot of nasty stuff. But yeah. I'm just trying to think they used again. They used the word Viking base fucking that that was for the Nile. Yeah, they didn't say they were space Samurai then it's a they were space monks. They didn't say they were Space Cowboys vinyl is Villages these baddies and that just makes me think what what did Vikings do they went and pillage these lands? They broke supply routes and trade disrupted the status quo on came in and just wiped out. Nations and stuff so Star Wars ain't that brutal so I could see it like these guys are breaking infrastructure maybe for some greater purpose and greater want Adam and Etc and it is it falls on the responsibility of the Jedi of the Republic to sort out that is just me story boy. Well in Canon my friend. I'm just pushing up my glasses. Now you may have a point in it. Riser card Iranian issues the out the Jedi back in the old old days used to use the force to chart a new hyperspace routes to find new worlds because there wasn't anything set up a data to store user initiative and in Star Wars one of the new lines one of the new Marvel Comics Star Wars issue, 's also which has also been referenced in high Republic quite a lot. They mention that this star light Beacon, which is going to be like the Hub of this High Republic Starlight Beacon. Apparently that was a piece of History that's faded into Legend and it was it was just like you say it was there as a beacon so Travelers could safely go from point A to point B, and it's apparently a very significant part of hyperspace turmoil. They say it sends out a signal which acts as a beacon. So that is going to be a big deal. I think you might be right. So whether something happens to The Starlights Beacon because the they said to store a group so that that was a Jedi The this how Beacon so people could travel around or they could travel around safely and travelers. So I think you're right hyperspace is going to have a massive massive massive impact on the Huayra public and if you guys like Road one and that and the end The Last Jedi will know just mastering hyperspace tracking will see June also finds that in the Imperial database on scare. If so, that was something they will look and it was it something that I found from these legendary time of before the higher public. Was that something that was being sampled then I don't know but hyperspace I think he's going to have a massive massive impact and these Nile might be simply blocked us blocking the way maybe actually the some of these hyperspace Lanes lead to Worlds which are rich in minerals or resources, which actually they think I see our fancy some of that we're going to we're going to block the through we're going to die vert these roots, you know, turn the sign upside down dropping or you know, or destroy them so they can then they can get what they need and they can get they can prosper from it. Yeah, maybe my it might lead to four. This is from my theory. My fear would be that for what I've just said it would it would need to be a bit more than any two people more stakes in that form because the idea of couple of people just moving a few beacons isn't the most catastrophic the way you mentioned. It was slightly better. So I think that's going to have something to do with it. But I'm just interested in what the visuals are going to look like because the concept art for this is under the concept art is stunning. They've got in the Kagan who who did came up with Darth Maul. He came in the did some Concepts. I think the concept for the most part of look great. And of course, they are just Concepts in a minute. They'll see that we've got the different Jedi the different species of Jedi. We got a Wookiee Jedi. We've got a mon Cala Jedi they do they're not here. They all look great. They just a bunch of rust mercenary. So they all can have their own individual looks I can't wait to see what they're gonna be. Like what weapons what are the ship's going to be like, what are the lodgings going to look? Like? Are we going to see I'm assuming every plan it's going to be different to what we've seen before because they're going to be On the in the outer rim or even beyond that. So I'm so excited my in terms of visually what they're going to give us because I love seeing new worlds and especially these wondrous might be off the Beaten Track if we will I can't wait to see what they what they give us. And yeah just just here at the Jedi Knights of the Round Table. I can't wait because the Jedi and the prequels were flawed. We know that they were blinded by their own arrogance as the emperor basically said and he wasn't far from remove the for me speak about that an episode coming. Forward but I can't wait to see just what the Jedi are like when they're in their pump and that's what I like. And on the actual. What do I want to see from the whole thing interestingly enough lucasfilm said that the publishing side of this is going to be an incubator for ideas. So they're going to put these ideas out there. They're going to cook them up, you know, make sure that make sure they're nice and warm at the end of every night and that's what's going on. That's going to be the springboard to allow these new idea to take off into other mediums potentially. And I love that. They're finally putting more weight into the publishing. But on that the we're going to have to visualize it in our heads for now because obviously with books unless it's like a comic book comic books. We get visuals but novels we don't get that visual side. So I'm thinking that within within a year of this High Republic coming out in the books and the comments. I'm thinking we're going to get some sort of animated series set in the higher public which is going to give us our first real live action. With a live-action but visual look was the comics will be one thing. I'm willing to hedge my bets Sportsmen bet that we're going to get an animated announcement of a horror public series because that to me is an is the next logical step if this if this pings and it is bangs and if it's drops as well as lucasfilm, hope it will step-by-step. Let's go let next thing rather than going full-blown Disney plus allmovie Let's do an animated series. It's open the world a bit more. Let's introduce more characters are more ideas and then we'll go into the big league. So that's what I'm excited. For but I'm just looking at the kind of some of the synopsis for the stories and I'm just going to quickly ask you which one did you think sounded the most some of the most promising child Souls one? We haven't really got an idea of what that is yet, but he's leading the way you're the first novel. So that's already exciting. The test of Courage is apparently going to be about the youngest Jedi ever to pass the trials. It's going to be set from their perspective. So a young Jedi passing trials in the Huayra public there Claudia Gray's one. It's going to be character focused as hers usually is it's called into the dark which sounds pretty pretty ominous. Kevin Scott is going to be right in the his Marvel series is going to be set on Starlight station. And apparently one of the Jedis going to be surrounded by Legends, which is an interesting quote and the and the and Daniel Jose olders IDW hire a public event is going to be focusing on the Jedi Padawan as they travel across the Galaxy. So which one you know On a floats your boat a bit more out of what we kind of already know. I'm leaning personally. I'm leaning toward the Marvel comic the high Republic one, you know, I'm a comic guy. I'm into that in when it comes to the book for me. It's the light of the Jedi. I'm looking forward to that the whole premise of it seems really cool. The adventures were a dude even just from the pictures and from the description the fact that it's all cohesive. I'm thinking If the first one that comes out as long Jedi in it, yeah. Yeah, I think if that knocks out the park and I'm really invested in that story then I don't I don't see why I wouldn't carry on exploring this part of the Star Wars mythology. But yeah that that that's what I reckon. That's what I reckon. I know you've talked all about the logistics of this and what not just like putting it out there. What are the chances of a seeing eventually, you know a place like Jeddah in this right? Because and I wanted to bring it up because it's like Jetta is a spiritual place is the Jerusalem or Mecca of snarls yes isn't it to 2 and in Rogue one I think I actually think jeder once again credit to the Rogue one team Jeddah is probably one of my favorite planets in all of Star Wars it's absolutely brilliant and I personally I just want to see it again just for selfish reasons but it just it just it just that that just kind of struck a chord I was thinking of Jeddah maybe the Guardians the wheels would they come into our lying in the desert of the old Jedi sculptors whatever they were. So I sent my that is a dude that that is exactly what I had in my head. That is exactly what I had in my head. And I think the Huayra public I think of peak Jedi. Yeah, and I think of things like those statues that are on the ground in Rogue one those will be erected and as they would have been before the Empire before the dogs and Paso. because yeah, what could be Rogue one the it it leads directly into a New Hope and I've and I've basically said it's part of the Skywalker soccer because it is so tied to this guy walk or cycle without where Rogue one is it, you know, it doesn't end I guess you could say, I mean if you really want to be pedantic you could say at the start middle and end and the end of the film is these guys going off to find Hope but we know it is so tied to the Skywalker Saga but that being said it's a standalone film which isn't Sarah it isn't part of the Skywalker soccer when they release those bad boys on Blu-ray or Ultra 4K Ultra HD Mega screen, whatever it's called Rogue wanna solo I'm going to be in it. So Jeddah isn't as Skywalker Saga Planet so they can throw in there and I hope that Italy now as well just for the fields as well because it got you said it's a spiritual home of the Jedi. This is them at the height of their power. Why wouldn't they even mention it? Exactly. Exactly. That's that you're getting that something. I didn't even think of His Brilliant point one one. I have one more thought on my end mate and this one's about there because maybe to some degree it would be rewired rewriting some old. Well, I've got kid loaded questions to you after good luck. Okay. So this one is and it can be just keep it sweet and Short and sweet will the Huayra public Jedi be at war with man Deloitte hydropower. Great question. What do you think right because what a way to bridge those two bits of the mythology because we know that the Jedi were at war with the mandalorians a one a one one point in history, right? Yeah. So I if you get off me now, I think I don't know again without any context. I think it's too close to the Phantom Menace in my head. I always assumed the great Jed. I'm Angela will was you know further setting the past but they couldn't put it right at the beginning or you know, as an event that's just happened as to hire a public site. Maybe that was too great disaster the Jedi in the peacekeepers of the mandalorians. The the those Warriors come together fight cataclysmic not good, there's and that and then they split it splits the ranks and that's the great disaster. Who knows? I don't think that would be the major threat but I see what could it be because as you've just said it all ties in all rhymes how cool would that be how cool would that be right bring on your question questions which bring them on and you will not be able to answer but I'm interested anyway like I said I like the Jedi you're gonna be about what do you want to see happen in the first book to sell out this entire thing and yeah here we go the actual ending how on Earth is whole thing that no end how did I end okay first one how do they start it like the Jedi that's where your event is going to go go Like down, you know your big bad event that kind of changes to Galaxy that's going to happen at the start and I know these stories are kind of from my understanding. It's similar or sometimes the same event from different perspectives, but I think your first book is going to go into it. Probably in the most detail. I don't imagine that anyway, so I think that's going to be the premise by the end of the Huayra public era. I see it leading into The Phantom Menace era or Skywalker Saga era. Where the Jedi? and the political system the establishment of are continually being blurred together being mixed together, right which is what the Jedi are not meant to be so I can see it almost being like a downward slope where the Jedi and the Republic are up here, but actually although technology and is advancing maybe the galaxies becoming wealthier or whatever from a very A low point of view it's to the contrary, you know, it's things are going downhill. So on and so forth Palpatine and Plagueis were able to rise up and so on and so forth. That's where I think it could go. Well, I think you might write anything else to that. I think it's going to end with the Jedi their Arc will be completely different to where they started they're going to start as the light and they're going to end up moving more towards that how we saw them in the prequels blinded son. What by you may be the fact that there are no threats. They start to become a bit more confident in themselves to start thinking actually it may be we serve these hyperspace Lanes. Maybe we are maybe maybe this is our galaxy. Maybe we're going to see that. I don't know what I'd love to know what the tone of like the Jedi was going to be on how they're going to set this up. But on that whiteboard, one of the words were sweeping / epic. I'm getting Lord of the Rings films out of that. I really hope this is going to be sweeping an epic. I'll tell you something mate. Just this discussion is it gets me excited? Cause we don't know what's coming. We don't know even three years we're gonna have our first film set in this time period we don't know the characters. We don't know the names of the locations the ship's dismay. All the weapons are going to use this is you know, this is Ground Zero, this is so exciting and I can't wait dude. It's going to be absolute film. Hi, I'm Ken knapsack author of why we love Star Wars and you're listening to Star Wars sessions. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. Master master ply Walker. There's too many of them. What are we going to do to do to do dude? Most important so to celebrate the higher public mate. Let's go into that really technologically advanced trick and drinking hole over in the corner shower. Yeah, let's as always we always come in there get a drink bomb onto calf beers, please we get a drink and we find out what you guys the greatest listening to get listeners in the galaxy. Thought about whatever we're talking about tonight, and it was to hire a public. So what did you think about the higher Public Announcement? And from the all the way from The Valleys? We've got our one of our patrons the king of Wales somebody who has supported recently in a cinema in South Wales wearing a star war sessions t-shirt and getting some sweet looks because he's a hunk. It's Lok Sabha feel what did he have to say the high Republic? They will be missed if all this effort doesn't build into some big movie action. It's a period of Peace. So I'm concerned. What danger is those nil secret Seth's Coronavirus. I wonder if Daffy tenebrous is knocking about maybe it all takes place on exit row because nobody knows Ebola. Don't forget Papa Loved loved you so lazy boy, he's going to be metal asking this actually I never actually asked you this but I'm interested in your thoughts Lukey boy. He did mention that he wants to know what the threat is going to be which we kind of mentioned, but he said he's going to be miffed if it doesn't over all play into a movie. What do you think about I might yeah, I think it's Strong point I'm going back and forth in my head actually as we've spoken about this. I'm kind of going back and forth from him in my head on whether it makes sense to make a film or not because listen people can make films about anything doesn't necessarily mean that's going to be that's the best decision for storytelling. So I think the more we learn about the Huayra public and what's going down what's going on in on it. That is Where I think we'll have a better feeling on whether a film is going to exist around this era or not. Listen a you know, I reckon the odds are probably in your favor, right the there is going to be a film but it lets say the reason I'm saying this is because let's see how important and how vital how what is the word? However most how meaning because if it's this is of cannons. Don't then what had the hell well-received? Yeah, exactly. Exactly. And I think when it comes To the point about peace. I think I'm not the threat levels. I think what if this is the thing this era this bit storytelling is exactly what leads the Jedi and the Republic to be more closely aligned therefore leading to the rise of the Sith. Just just a thought. So it's it would be a catalyst of animated series what it could before anything just a further fleshed or World outside. I still think they are going to Play into a movie because if this does do well and I think it will do its you know, the logical step is animated and then now live action TV / much and all movie. So I think they will do eventually but in order to be a success, we've all got go out and support it and buy it, of course the stories got a good as well. So let's give it a chance here. Mmm. Yeah, that's true man. That's true up next. We got some naughty comments from or on the interwebs from our glorious listeners. First up we got nights of Glen or some name who said I'm all-in even the children stories so yeah you could say I am excited this is literally a clean slate they have an empty sandbox to shape and mold of little restrictions to what has to come after it's a great time to be a Star Wars fan yes it is Glenn I've next Patron Legend Naughty Boy brother to someone we know Sean huh Hudson said excited yes really Keen see what the story team do with a blank slate again talking about the blank slate it's going to come up a lot I think in this band Tina session and limey printmaker said can't wait Wookie Jedi and space Vikings Vikings give them to me it's key the king of Belgium he said a clean slate for Disney there we go like the Mando they get to do what they All right old man Alex Jessup. He said I'm not that familiar learning anyone is in a minute, but excited to see a different time period of Star Wars another Patron local boy, huh? George Constanta new said buzz in this is our 1977 / Fanboys moment Star Wars is changing forever and col Joseph said could have just been Old Republic, but I guess not sad face great points there guys great opinions and as Fanboy said George, Why is he sucks could do is true is true. I'm next Patron. Renegade six killer said it's amazing how exciting it can be just to get a few rough drawings of New Jedi all my days. Yes. I totally appreciate this coming up. Next a slaver said very excited don't have a lot of thoughts or preconceptions because it's brand new. I've next stop Wars podcast said excited to read about the Jedi adventuring on the frontier while he won't West our friends over at Tatooine times good lads. I said 100% excitement Cavern Scott. Klaudia Gray and others building an actual story ahead of time. And so first hero, he said I'm very excited to hear Tom chance explain to still Wars what happens in all of the books and I probably read a few of the comments. That's Comics. That's kind of like waiting for Matt Howerton to explain to look bla what goes on in can Well chase our hearts said I'm so excited Fresh Start. I liked the sequels but this is a clean slate for those who didn't and Martin meet local boy, huh? He said can't wait and everything we learned last week has been exciting already looking forward to meeting the new characters and delving into the author's Galaxy and law. Yes. Yes up next. We got Emily Bono said there's a Wookie Jedi. It's a thing. I didn't know I needed until now heart eyes. Are you just a Malik Wayne Patron old guy Jedis said I'm excited. I would have like this to have been movies and TV shows but I'll take it. I'll take it and finally. Brock Bellinger Legend lad says I'm excited to explore the era of the high Republic even in Star Wars Legends this time period has rarely been explored I'm excited to see what Charles Soule klaudia gray Caverns got Justina island and Daniel Jose a older have in store I hope to see the Sith as well so thank you all so much for contributing to the weather but but but band to the written word just like the heart of public that's dumb and we're ending off the band Cena comments with a voice message now from from the Jedi from Down Under is daffodil dough and I thought this was quite a good way to end off hey guys it's dusty order here just offering up my opinions for this week's question just want to start by saying I'm super super super excited about the high Republic era it's going to be absolutely amazing already you can just see how much cohesion and planning there is and that's what the sequel Trilogy did lack but like it's beautiful to say that there really nothing out out what Star Wars means I love that we're going to get a whole new era with new ships new creatures new planners but also over the familiar as well all interwoven and connected together I love that it's got a big focus on the Jedi and the force and we're not just focusing on humans but also other creatures and species which is absolutely phenomenal I'm super excited for this it's going to be absolutely amazing and it's Star Wars fans we should all really really get behind this whole Republic error because like I said it's going to be an incubator period which Is a beautiful LeapFrog wall jumping point for future films future TV series, you know, and it's a great way for them to test out whether we ourselves can go next and we should really get behind it as fans. It's going to be amazing like, you know, Comics books everything. I'm so so excited for this and the designs already look amazing. I love it. They actually getting like Star Wars designers involved. So super excited. Can't wait. Hope you guys are excited to just want to say best of hello hope you have an amazing week and May the force be with you thank you yep pretty much summing up what we've all thought what we've all said they died off he's very excited about the prospects of what we're going to get the the Clean Slate you know the possibilities the authors coming together to create a unified linear Vision yeah and you're damn right we should all be excited for this so it's if you're right we if it is very exciting we're getting a story group coming together to plot this out And yes, it's fresh its know we should all be excited for it. So I thought that was a great positive way to win that discussion off. Yes, but on and spawning, you know, it's a blank slate. It could go wrong, but it could and I have a feeling it could just be so. It's the best part you've ever heard summer sessions on the my kids quite upset got a patriot now, we're lots of tips from two dollars a month is all it is special. there's bad guys that's right people from as little as $2 a month for less than a cup of coffee at a coffee shop you can listen to amazing content extra shows from both Matt and I and a cheeky Pub cast honestly this is the deal of the century nice spicy tidy patreon.com forward slash star will sessions the best parts cars you've ever heard summer sessions on the Mac is quite absurd got a patreon now we're lots of tears from two dollars a month is all it is Add cash. guys So every week we get some spicy questions from none other than our patrons from patreon up first. We gotta get familiar guy Legend Shawn Hudson. I don't know where I'm from sounds that sounds familiar. He goes High Lads simple one from me this month. Can we expect a rise of Skywalker book review episode and discussion around the holes. It will likely feel And if so, and hopefully the answer is yes all this art will be really short. Yeah, what one or two details other than the return of Sidious would you want six founding and explain to keep it spicy? Okay straight up dude. You're not gonna get a review from local. I walk you'll get a review for me. But yeah. We'll work mate. We call this managing expectations. Yeah, like I like last week. I was asked to do something at work like from someone in a different office not even in the UK office or the Romanian office yet and they rely on Luke. I need this urgently blah blah other day and I was like one of my bosses around me. I was I'd be like I was I met I won't be able to do that just straighten up and they were like they base. play yeah basically I couldn't I didn't have access to something so literally like myself and Mum one of these one of my colleagues just set light and just managed expectation just pure genius was like yeah this I know that's why debate this happening to my roommate and next week so I'm just being honest Matty boy I'm thinking I'm obviously going to read it our friends over at Star Wars publishing a lot we'll send it out early so I'll be doing a review on it so the review itself go out as a I've read extra episode or as I YouTube book review video and I imagine any kind of filler like what you know what does it almost a red combo what does the novelization save that the movie storytellers couldn't be bothered to put in there I think that that probably be on a patreon maybe jibber-jabber episode so I'll go through what added to the can what felt we know what a polyfill it over and what I think and I'm sure I can get a few Jason Bly know about it as well but it tells remain episode the answer to that is probably not know because we've actually got some pretty spicy episodes coming up in the meantime so by the time the book comes out and by the time we would do the episode it would be pretty much defunct by then anyway but so in terms of the book of you that will be at its own separate thing in terms of what to one or two details other than the return of palps would we want to see expanded or explain the netbook what did you think about that mate what bits would I like looking at I'd like the knife thing to be explored a bit better you know the the really that guy finder yeah that would be pretty cool and what else you thinking man I mean I just gravitate toward Palpatine because I know Sean's just said apart from the big boy himself exactly what we'd say thing cannot help but think of Palpatine yeah I'd like to I'd like I don't think it's plausible but I'd like a bit more Ben solo the Ben solo Arc of trust just fleshed out a wee bit more so what I've seen online that you may be getting that as well because I had some result copies were sold at a convention I the United States in the last few days and people have just been as the internet will do putting that posting screenshots of the page putting cake big capital letters dry this happens in this happens you know would have liked to have read that myself yes you may be getting stuff like that I'd like to see how land I managed to collect the People's Army how we went about getting all of those ships together just not obviously him go into every single planet but just I kind of like what did he do what did he send that like a fortnight announcement then they were playing their games and they got it I thought I had that they do how did he do it I don't know Ray Coming to Terms of her lineage a little bit more like a quarter moment of her sitting there thinking oh man I'm the descendant of that guy and I don't know how Claud could fix things with no arms and maybe a bit more Zari and Pope because I like those too it's attended things on his belts yeah looks like nice one brother looks our field and ever got we've already mentioned he sent in this Quest he said hey just keep in my question within my nerdy headcanon this week that's all right can a light saber cut through adamantium think Wolverine vs. Darth Maul thanks dudes hashtag Palpatine loves a frosty lightsaber added Matthew basically indestructible so that's that first thing right there dude that's what I was Googling that is actually because I was like what Is that I mean from the Wolverine thing II assumed it was kind of like a material What a Mighty skeleton. Basically it's an indestructible metal baby, but he said to me that nothing can penetrate. I think you had like in in Marvel Thor's hammer, which is at the multi meal that's called like the mightiest of Almighty that bay it barely even made a dent on this material but because it's a fictional Universe where anything of me destroyed or you know, they can write They could rewrite the rules or bend them to what it however they want. There are is a good job. He's got a chance burning hot plasma burning hot plasma going through metal. It's got a chance. So I'm going to say I reckon I could whether it. Do you know what damage it would do overall? I don't know but I reckon he's probably lost his hand off. exactly exactly like come on Darth Maul's going up against Wolverine he's taking him down he could use the force to manipulate if you've it bro if you can like if you've played Star Wars Battlefront like for sensitive it can jump they can dunk yeah so like they're they're they're going to be jumping all over the place they're going to be manipulating the battle do I think it can cut through I think it can I'm just going I'm going out on a limb ha ha ha it took me a second there just a second yeah I can imagine Dooku mean I like that metal inside him and you know toasting it or something or whatever he'd want to do cool things like the kind of guy work it out Dooku's annoyed boy these are like to be a nice one a look at some of keep those kind of questions come in as nerdy questions so yeah I reckon it could and Luke thinks it could as well something which I definitely know we've got a couple of announcements coming up about as to where we're going to be in the next week or two we mentioned Thursday so the day after your hearing this all potentially the day before your hearing this who knows pending when you listen to it maybe a year like you're like to show the Disney plus launch event is happening in London we aren't permitted to say where but it's happening in London on I is going to be some very special guests are going to be there as they finally launched Disney Plus in Europe the actual stream serve notice on the 24th of March over here and in other territories, but they said special guest who actually meant was me and Luke. We're going to be there on Thursday. Yeah, a little Schoolboy is covering the event whether we're taking our microphones we're going to do a little bit of coverage. We could take some sweet little pictures. So what you'll be you'll be there seeing them with us as well. So yeah, we are we were dead, please or thank you to all was it all those involved. Our sin and the yeah. Can't wait to go there for that first announcement Mike. I brought it's going to be Banta it is going to be banter can't wait can't wait and I just want to thank a Disney for giving us the opportunity to do that but just to end off this section of the show we got some links for you if you want to get involved in the spicy patreon action there are lots of Tears lots of content you heard the rap you know oh you know what's going down patreon.com forward slash Star Wars sessions if you want to buy any merch t-shirt looks all kinds of stuff T public.com /user forward slash Star Wars sessions and of course we've got a new website out which is beautifully crafted from our good friend isakmp Evie who runs a company called dovetail which is brilliant stole session start code are doing over there guys for all of your news announcements and guess what we're also going to be back on the radio again at me mate yeah look after next was at March the 11th you hear us again BBC sounds Bieber CS6 all the details Star Wars session start code at UK check it out read us on there so you can hear us on the air so let's look at boy said that's it the drinks have been drunk with very quick drink as you see so let's take it to a man who I think's a was a very cold borbon actually no he drinks this one strike it's Curtis Smith with a new poem for us you're up next Admiral piett what's Lord Vader pissed about now that dude just got choked holy cow it's Admiral ozzel well he did give him cause I'll not disappoint you I vow find me on Twitter at Star Wars poet on Facebook and Instagram at Star Wars poetry always Star Wars always poetry always original work posting daily and now join me me on a New Journey as I recount the entire Star Wars saga in the form of haiku Admiral pits getting his getting his time in the spotlight thank you Curtis Smith once again for your Toms is another new poem for us I thank you very much Mike Curtis is the only man known to have won an argument with his wife what a man ha ha ha my baby was gonna get in trouble for that one yeah classic always cut is always a spicy Legend it what's up its Taylor Gray AKA Ezra Bridger and you're listening to Star Wars sessions probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast I hope you enjoy the show it's a Star Wars sessions game you put the music you know what's next it's game time it's my turn to host this week we've had such good games from Luke apply so hopefully I can live up to it so this one might you ready yeah I'm ready May I'll try D well in honor of The League Cup Final being played this weekend or the carabao cup final which your team answer you actually won against Aston Villa but I know I know turns out that in the galaxy far far away they tuned in and the light side of the dark were watching and I think actually this might be the only way for us settle our score once and for all let's have a proper five or side footy game against each other the problem is though they're struggling to pick a manager for each team and also is there but they don't haven't got starting starting five or six or a spare substitute it's up to you but I li Ren right you it falls on your shoulders now you know we need you to pick the team than a manager for the light side and the dark side and get this game underway who's playing man okay right okay so management straight up you've got on the light side you've got layer because she gets stuff done she gets good Sun she's and she's an organized lady on the dark side you've got you know they're struggling at the moment they've gone through some ups and downs and had to settle for a manager who's just available so they've gone for a classic nute gunray exhibit is it who I would have chosen no it's not it's just it's just who they have chosen it yeah it's just how it's How the cookie crumbles and so I hear that I hear that you know right five or side straight up on the dark side you've got two boys at the back you got Snow Camp Palpatine they're going to be communicating together because they're the same person or the Clone created well no I mean hang on no that's a different story yeah you got them at the back light side I'm thinking you've got your boy working Choo-Choo back a is a beefy Beefcake is Beefy he's a Wookie so you know it's cute that's it really maybe one of those fat off droids from the force awakens or something like you know the one in jar cool that's like kind of got is it is it robotic legs or robotic its robotic arms oh I don't really mean like in a bit when in the beginning when he's come up Carol um ring through the second type of cat carrying at least he's just holding here yeas are just dragging stuff like how when will I be able to afford proper arm this is life yeah this is life I meant to retire in two years yeah yeah that's what I'm thinking Midfield so tricky one about goalkeeper boys night got not even thought about goalkeepers yet Darth Maul for the dark side because he's like you can jump around he's proper crazy I ran till bue be able to reached are all Corners the net real quick light side it's a tricky one and them stuff who knew who looks like a goalkeeper Porkins I mean maybe yeah Porkins Porkins because hey just because because yeah looks like he can save he looks like vintage julius's are my lion That's it man yeah so you've got kind of people plan a bit of fluid football you got its Luke Skywalker's gotta be on the light side I mean each just gotta because it you know if there's if there is a ball you know and people aren't controlling it properly they're not doing a bit of The Cheeky one to tiki-taka he's gonna poach he's going to finish is going to be absolutely ruthless he could Bullseye womp rats in his tea 15 plus he's flutter hit the Death Star shot so he knows how to find a top corner you do know like when he says Bullseye womp rats it was like kid kick him as well slaughtering animals both of here yeah you know that though right that's Cannon yeah these aren't I yeah he actually kicked him laughter he's got a case that he did like keeping up please let him be you know that's no no I'm being like serious you know that's complicated how do I not know that what you've not read that I haven't read that one well I must have made up then to us it's on the dark yeah on the dark side is caviar Boy Adam Driver man what kylo Ren he's just he's so good good nice he's just he's got aggression he's been swole oh he's an absolute unit he's yet Ibrahimovic he's just gonna be phenomenal in he's just going to be like honestly you just give the man a bit of space he's going to lob the ball he's gonna Smash It and look good doing it and look like an absolute Beefcake while doing it you know so yeah I think that is that the five that's four on each side you've got a big one more for each side and then a Super Sub that's right okay to the back one goalkeeper and one attack if you've got one more to go in each side okay Obi One but we're prequels ob1 he's going to be a now I reckon he I reckon he's a bit of a playmaker as well as a bit of a player yeah silky skills that I play our maker on the dark side I'm trying to think it I mean I'm leaning towards our boy Vader but I'm going to mix up a little bit it is going to be non robotic suit Vader is going to be Revenge of the Sith the beginning of either so he's going to have like the yellow eyes he's going to be an absolute threat just imagine like him and your boy been swallow coming up against you certainly would look very good no thank you I'm going to question their all right super substance so one of them gets injured to got a throw on a sub one more than life-size Dark Side who's the kind of who's the fox in the box or the order savior of the back who can who can make you can make things happen from the bench it's my you know you know is it's gonna be our boy fn-2187 fin coming on fully light side yeah surely surely in guys just technically a Wonder kanakam yeah he's going to he's going to smash him in um and he just versatile he can play Anywhere Dark Side ah I'm thinking I mean we don't want due to do it we don't want Duke here you don't belong at the club anymore you know after what except after what he said lat yeah it's which summer transfer window that's right after he drove up to the Rival teams gates at the training ground here demanding them yeah yeah schmuck schmuck then again feed mate I'm thinking massage is it goes well yeah I reckon should be sick all right it should be well good coming off the bench that's it that is that is the that is your father side plus Subs makes it not boom that's it 25 20 minutes a half or two minutes who wins I dunno what I'm going to I'm going to say dark side probably I got too much in their Arsenal they got too much made oxide usually does win it's just the Light Side just usually Luke their way for Luke throw to winning the fur Luke it wink wink. So we've got it dark side Runs Out close winners. So that's it the league cups been one and so has the galactic cup so nice one light blue key boy put you on the spot there guys. What's your father tied teams? That's Luke's I don't think you could pick that bone Bosh, but you can be unfortunately this episode the episodes beat the episode is done that is that for this episode of Star Wars sessions? I'm sad to say, but the fun doesn't end there. Do you know why no one's ever Really gone where could the world find me you and us Master blow Walker. They can find us on Twitter at Star Wars session with no s at the end. That's at Star Wars session on Twitter. Now, you can slide into our Galactic DMS on Instagram at Star Wars sessions. That's at Star Wars sessions on Instagram or feel free to drop us a cheeky voice. No or message to our e-mail address SWS at what? tonight dot coder UK that's SWS what I watch tonight dot Co dot U k-- and if you want to support the show further please consider checking out our patreon Patron.com forward slash stole sessions yeah we're on anchor FM Spotify Apple podcasts if you are in a galaxy that you can find a podcast your father say if you love our show please do consider leaving us a good review on your podcast provider of choice and head on over to put trace of.com it's the IMDb for podcast we're on their ass so awesome so if you have a spare few seconds please do drop us a review on there too because it helps to show out massively and again we love hearing from you guys to Great this list as in the Galaxy every week and please tell all your Star Wars friends about us tell your mom tell your dad tell your mates tell ya cat ring up and tell Bob Iger tell you Ewok tell your cousin the more the merrier the castle spicier tell The Wookie Jedi tell to the podcast that you're looking for so until next time for me it's see ya and from Luke May the force be with you always they are ethics based podcast Heroes I love you tell that to kanjiklub