Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more? Than they bargained for his way older given that you well, especially it's like you ask an economist her to comment on somebody else's data. We're going to have a few things to say and the main thing I wanted to get across was two things. First of all, I think this data is probably holy and accurate why because the first thing is that the median rental property in Parnell is not likely to be the median home in Parnell given that at at is it is very affluent area. The median 3-bedroom house that somebody owns is likely to be very large. It is likely to be very stately. That's probably not what is going to be the three the median three bedroom rental in our now and I think that's where you need a often lineup expectations. When you start to read this sort of data from core logic or from media reports because this data is easy to get but you've got to read into it a bit. So the the the average or median Dream home and panel is probably very big and large. But the median 3 bedroom rental and Parnell is probably more likely to be the average house a smaller home that perhaps hasn't been renovated or or isn't as large and things like that. The other thing that I really wanted to get across when talking to Westpac was that although the gross yields are very different. And remember that gross yield is just the total amount of rent received. So 52 weeks X the nth divided by the by the purchase price of the property. That's the very different from the net yield which is the yield you get from the property once you've accounted for all of your operational costs. So things like rates and body core band Insurance accounting all of those sorts of things and what we do know about one bedroom homes versus three bedroom homes. Is that although the gross yields are much higher for for apartments. The net yield is is often not Not the proportion is different. So if a gross yield is twice that in an apartment then a house then you'll do more in line were often than not because you also have higher expenses. So an apartment in this case would help would still have a high amount of rates would still have body Court would still have Property Management all of those sorts of things like insurance. So that's the neat yields are probably more in line. Even if the gross yields are way out of line Andrew. Do you must have had some comment on this? This I just thinking more about the the growth that you get other two opportunities as well. So something like a one-bedroom apartment in part now whilst again affluent area one-bedroom apartments are going to be so limited when it comes to resale. And so your growth is going to be stifled by that and then when you look at something like a house and Parnell, you know less yield, but I'm just thinking that the growth on that would be far far superior. Now. I'm not saying that that makes it a good investment. I just think that that's an interesting compelling. Some between yield and and growth and the other thing that I've really mentioned in this as well is that I would never see an investor invest in 2.2% Gross yields. Why is that because say that the gross healed is 2.2 percent and that your interest cost is going to be say 3.5% in today's market. That means that you're already going to be negative one point three percent before you factor in all of your operational costs your insurance. Your accounting all of that. So even even before accounting for that on an $800,000 property you're going to be well over $18,000 18,400 dollars in the red before you account for your usual operational expenses. So we would never see an investor go out and make this sort of decision because even though Parnell might get really good Capital Growth. It would make more sense to go and look and then in a suburb that might get you to say point five percent less Capital Growth, but has much better. And that's kind of situation and the comment I made to the journalist who called me in this situation. Was that the only the only investors or landlords I should actually say in this case who would end up in that sort of situation is an owner occupier who's moved out of their property and has decided to put it on the rental market accidental landlords. Yeah and accidental landlord because no investor who has it. Certainly use God's word because they can me well exactly who's done. The research would ever walk into a situation like this and it's times like this that I get a bit frustrated with with reporters who just report data as it comes out of core logic or people who are finding the starter because it's often quite misleading and investor would never go ahead and do that. And that's why I made mentioned that it's probably good that they talked to too. Me like ours who deals with investors every day and and would look at these figures and say hey this would never line up from a from any perspective because if you're on an $800,000 property and getting 5% growth then paying out twenty thousand dollars in interest costs because your cash flow so negative it would never make sense for somebody to do this in terms of wealth creation. And actually that's probably a really good point is that we see people every day who do what they've always done and hope to get a Different results so they buy an owner occupied property and Parnell it's working for them and then because they've done that and because their house is gone up in value the assumption is that by buying another property in part now that that's going to make a great investment. And again, I'm not saying a property and Parnell as an investment property isn't going to go up but what I am saying is that there are better Investments out there if you're structured correctly and you're not putting a huge amount of money and when which a property like this is always going to be that and then if you you know sacrifice You still want Parnell when you go buy one bedroom apartment? How much growth are you going to sacrifice by doing that and so that's where it's just really important that you go and talk to people and you get if you get a lot enough information that you make a really informed decision before you go ahead and start investing and this is probably where I really want listeners to put two and two together. I mean, you've got to put together the Capital Growth areas. You've got to find somewhere that's going to give you some good Capital Growth because that's the real vehicle towards wealth. Ation and property investment, but you've got to match that up as well with the cash flow of the property and this case if your if it's negative in this case, it would be about $26,000 but you're only going to get $30,000 worth of Capital Growth. Then you're only earning about 4 to 6 K per year by investing in that property not worth it not when you can get a neat 20 or 22 k out of out of a different area say in Christchurch or or in well With a much better yield, you know at the end of the day. It really does come down to the numbers. It doesn't matter whether the suburb is is affluent and and you'd ideally like to live there or not or that you once owned a house there. It just comes down to we're what is the suburb? What is the property? What is the area? That is the best vehicle for wealth creation for you? And in this case given these numbers I would never say it would be Parnell. Well, 20 years ago, maybe. Oh deeply, but know if not unless you've got a time machine to go back and do that then. Probably investigate other areas, but this is again where it went like we may have some listeners who live in pain our I'm not saying go and sell your owner occupied home there because in that case you probably love living in Parnell. It's a nice area. You've probably got a great house for your family. But this this is we've got to marry up their Capital Growth, which you're probably getting if you live in Parnell, but you've got to put it together with is it going to make a good rental property? Are we going to get the rental return so that it makes sense for us to build wealth out of here. Now if you're happy spending the money because Your owner occupied home and you're happy paying that mortgage then all power to you because it's more of a consumption and expense. It's not an investment expense. So that's where you would probably try and marry them up here. But hey, let's wrap it up there Andrew now, please don't forget to rate review And subscribe to this podcast. It really does help us get the message out to more and more people and hey, if you've been listening for a while you're thinking about getting into the investment game then why not check out our property investor quiz in just seven questions. It will give you a oh, yes, maybe or no answer as to whether you ready to get started as a property investor. I'm going to link that in the show notes. So just tap or swipe over that cover art. It'll take you right there. Thank you for listening to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed McKnight and I read your knuckle and we're going to be back again tomorrow with even more to he strategies tactics and insights to help you get the most out of New Zealand property Market until next time.