Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question about relationships and shares real.Is from people grappling with the same question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single mom and she's taught me a lot about the Paradox of Wednesday's Wednesday's are an interesting thing because it is very common. I think for divorced parents to split custody with one parent getting the Wednesday and every other weekend and why Wednesday, I don't know who's it's like midweek. So it's like you don't Go too long without seeing your parent. I think that's probably part of it and I should say a lot of people do it this way. Meaning when Lauren doesn't have her kid on a Wednesday and it's actually free a lot of single dads can't go out because many of those dads do have their kids on a Wednesday. That's the night. I have to socialize to see my friends to go out on dates. And that is the night that a lot of men are not available because they're with their kids. I guess the primary custody people can date the primary custody people, right? So that needs to be a cat. Cory on Bumble, hey free startup idea a dating app for people who can only date on Wednesdays. From the Boston Globe and PRX This is Love Letters. I'm Meredith Goldstein. Today we're going to try to answer a how do you know question that's especially close to my heart. It's a question that so many single parents including my friend Lauren ask themselves all the time. How do you know when to introduce your child to a romantic partner? If you do it too soon, it can be confusing and upsetting for the kid. If you do it too late, you might find out that that wonderful partner and your kids don't get along at all. You want to make this kind of introduction organically intentionally, but without putting too much pressure on anyone involved seems kind of impossible. We'll come back to Lauren and how she dealt with this. But first I want to talk about how my mom and dad did it. And for this I'll need some help from an expert Source my sister Brett. I wanted to talk a little bit about us meeting our parents significant others that face. You're making Christ. Yeah, so never never never never introduced. Never do it. Our parents got divorced when Brett and I were 13 and 9 respectively and then they started dating again at their own pace. Our dad met someone new before the divorce and he married that woman about a year after signing the paperwork. I remember meeting the woman who would become our stepmother. It happened at a diner. I think in New Jersey the whole thing felt like a done deal and I remember I was annoyed that my dad wanted my immediate endorsement our mom who was the primary parent waited a few years to start dating. But when she did she made up for lost time she had one long-term boyfriend to whom she was engaged and then she had another boyfriend two three four, then she got engaged again when Brett and I were grown up, but that relationship ended to Brett and I met them all we weren't Fond of these introductions or to be honest some of the relationships that followed. If you could give a one word review of the many partners our mother chose to date after her divorce like one word summary. What would you say schlubs? Yeah. Okay. Alright. I thought you might go there. You know, it's so funny. Now that I am of an age where friends of mine have kids and they're divorced and they're dating they're so concerned with The you know, the well-being of their children, they don't want their children to be upset. They don't want to introduce someone to their children who might not be around, you know for that long or might not be worthy. And when I think back to Mom introducing me to people I think her concerns would have been different. I think her concerns would have been that she might have been concerned for the new boyfriend because I was scary you're just to get your terrifying I loved every minute of it. My mom was a romantic she Deeply in love with a lot of people and I kind of felt like it was my job to pump the brakes. I remember she did this one guy and we went to a game. We went to Fenway Park. It was like me her and this guy he was older than her and we were walking back from Fenway Park and he was like kind of like criticizing the way we were walking like the path we were walking and I remember looking at him and thinking oh sweetie. It's over for you. Now. I'm gay. I'm right. Yeah, so I don't know that Mom was like, oh, I'm so worried about Meredith. I think she was like God, I hope I hope this goes. Okay Brett and I were both tough on our mom about her dating choices. She was always trying to find the opposite of our dad. So she couple up with these very accomplished snobby men who really thought they knew a lot. Sometimes they talked down to her my sister and I hated that. Oh Meredith, it reminds me of this story where we were on the streets of like I think was near Lincoln Center. We are on the upper west side and I was screaming at mom. It was about I hate you when I look at you and I hear you and the way that you defer to him and make him order food for you because all the send you this little girl that can't do it by yourself like the mom that bad bitch that raised me has disappeared in the presence of this man. It was like why I want for you to be the strongest best version of yourself, if you're in partnership with someone that is absolutely about taking care of the parent. Brett and I don't blame our parents for wanting to fall in love again. But we do think they could have done a much better job bringing these new people into our lives. I think that's why Bret and I both have so much respect for my friend Lauren who story I want to get into today from my view. Lauren is so thoughtful about her romantic life and how it affects her kid. She's got one priority and that is her adorable and funny ten-year-old daughter. Who calls me Mary as in Merry Christmas? But Lauren has had some doubts about how she's approached this in the past Lauren and I got to know each other in college. We weren't super close then but I always really liked her after graduation. She gets serious with a guy we got married and then life is great wedding great wedding great wedding. So many people have a great wedding great The Next Step feels like it should be kids, but it isn't easy. They try to get pregnant and it doesn't work. They try fertility treatment and are successful. Lord is ecstatic but during the pregnancy her relationship with her husband become strained. She's confused about it. We fought a lot. He was not around much shortly after Lauren gives birth, her husband gives her some news. He doesn't want to be married anymore. They start the divorce process. Lauren suddenly finds herself a single parent with primary custody of a very young child. So I will say the very beginning was Rocky and then it wasn't we figured it out. She never knew any different and he was an enthusiastic. He was enthusiastic about her. It's never been an issue. He adores this child. He's a wonderful father. I drive the bus, but he is on the bus like we are doing this together. This is when Lauren and I got really close I'd heard she was single and then we realized we both liked a television show called The Vampire Diaries. I'd go over to her place and her daughter who was barely a toddler would be asleep or sometimes wide awake in her lap and Lauren would be like half engage with the show half dozing a CW Show about hot blood sucking teenagers was about all she could handle. Her ex had their daughter mostly on Wednesdays and every other weekend the rare time that Lauren had to herself. She spent organizing her life or sleeping or catching up on work. She was in no place to look for a boyfriend. But even in the beginning when it was a Wednesday, I guess at that it went when I think that those first like three years or maybe two years, especially you would not have considered dating not really right knew. It was a lot of couch time on a Wednesday. So it's funny you say three years because three years was the point. That's how old she was when I started dating again. Sometimes Lauren and I would talk about dating and I would give her a pep talks. I would tell her that she was super attractive both in appearance and in personality, I'd remind her that all of my other friends seem to have crushes on Lauren. I assured her that of everyone I knew she was the person who was most likely to find a partner you said to me because I got divorced and everybody was still getting married and you said to me Warren we are 10 years away from a great crop of divorce guys. We just have to hang in there and we're about 10 years out. Yes. Where is this? Are you mad at me? Where is this Harvest? I've been promised. It's about three years after Lawrence daughter is born that another one of her friends gives her some tough. Love. My best friend says to me, okay. You're not dead, but you can't give this up and shut this part of your life down. It is time for you to date. I'm telling you now. Like I've no more patience with us you have to start to date and I remember feeling a little bit bullied about it and thinking she doesn't know right like there was a lot of self-righteous like she's no idea how hard my life is and then I was like, okay after I calm down I'm like, she's right Lauren decides to try out online. Day, she finds some success with eHarmony. She meets a man a single dad and after a few months, they're still dating I get to meet him. I remember him being cute. He was wearing a very nice sweater. But Lauren's biggest question isn't went to introduce her boyfriend to me. Obviously. She's much more worried about when he should meet her daughter. So we have a stipulation in our divorce agreement that you cannot introduce a new partner, too. To our daughter before our you've been together for 6 months. This was just like I think fairly standard language that our mediator suggested but I really kind of agreed with I thought okay at that point. I think you would know whether or not is this going somewhere or not and you don't want to be introducing like a parade of people to your child for a while. Lauren doesn't mind keeping her dating life and her home life separate. I really liked at the time that it was That was just for me that it wasn't a part of this life. I had as a mom. Like I was in this relationship and I was just myself and it felt like it was feeding this part of me that had been starved for so long and I wasn't ready to give that up. It felt awesome to go out to dinner and to stay out and to have a couple drinks and like to do the things that couples do before you have kids, but after a while Lauren feels like she needs to bring these two parts of her life together. Whether she wants to know if this guy is gonna get along with her kid. So she has a few people over he is one of them Lawrence daughter is not introduced to him as here. Meet my boyfriend. He's just another guest because this is a test run. We were sitting on our back patio. He was in like one of the chairs. I was either sitting or standing across from him and she was just running circles around the table that is three and a half as one does. She's a lot of Fuji she Just running around and he was just kind of like, whoa, this kids out of control. She's out of hand and he didn't comfortably interact with her. Did it make you think this is not going to work? Yeah, like we didn't break up immediately, but it was definitely like, okay. This is really important information. He doesn't think my kid is the best thing ever right? Like he doesn't get how wonderful she is. It turns out the guy beats her to The Break-Up, he broke up with me in an email. Awesome. I was at work. I picked up the phone. As grown-ups do and I said, did you just break up with me in an email? And there's a lot of stuttering and like no no. No, we just need to talk and as like, okay Lauren is single again for a while. She does a little bit of dating, but mostly she spends her free Wednesdays and every other weekend catching up on work cleaning the house seeing friends like me, but then someone new appears on the scene. Tell me how that starts. He slid into my DMs Meredith before that was even a thing. You're right. He did. He might have invented sliding into a DM. Yeah before the kids were saying it. It happened to me. This guy is a former colleague of Laurens. They known each other years earlier when they were both married he reaches out by saying that he was thinking about her and it comes out that they're now both single. He lives A short flight away and travels a lot for his job. Ah, yeah the next time he was in town. We got together and had a drink and I actually remember very clearly walking to this bar to meet him and texting you and saying I think that this is a date you were like you have to go in there. I was like, I don't know that I want like I was not thinking about him at all in that way. And it was it was a date. It was a good date. It was a great day. We stayed for hours. We talked I have was like, I have a lot in common with this person. He he was very vocal about his admiration for the fact that like I was doing this mostly on my own and I felt seen we'll be right back after this break. Okay, we're back Lauren and this guy continue to date he visits a lot and she flies to see him on the weekends that her ex-husband has their daughter I get to meet him and I instantly think this could be it. I could totally see this guy joining Lauren's family. Lauren decides it's time to talk to her daughter about this relationship. Like at that point in my head, I was all-in for this I had made this decision that here was this person there was a future to be had however long with this person. So I remember saying to her this is my boyfriend and what that means is it's a little bit more than a friend. I want you to meet this person and here's all the fun things we're going to do. Weekend and this person is going to be with us and stay over and he's gonna stay over because he doesn't live here and he's going to stay at our house. And I remember she said, where is he going to stay? He's not sleeping on the couch. I said he's going to stay in my room because he's a grown up and grown up seeing this room and you're a kid and you stay in your room. And was she like cool to her. It's just like oh, okay. Lauren figures. They should start simple. So they go to a local playground. She just wanted to play and she thought it was so cool that he was very tall and she would put her on his shoulders and she could reach things. Remember thinking it was different than the previous time. I had done it. It was such a relief like my instincts about this person or correct. He gets how great she is and he got her. He didn't think she was wild and out of control and he thought she was really funny. The man starts to figure into Lauren's routine with her daughter. There's more cause for discussion, you know, so kids are funny, right? They won't ask all the questions immediately, but they kind of trickle out slow. Olli and I do remember at one point. She asked me if we were going to get married because that's what she thinks boyfriends and girlfriends do Lauren tells her daughter. There's been no talk of marriage, but she does know they're getting serious. She and her daughter have both visited the guy where he lives and Lauren's already met his kids who are older. I was very happy. I felt like we were very connected and then about two years into their relationship the guy shows up at her door unexpectedly. We had plans to meet up like the following weekend somewhere and he very abruptly texts and says I just landed I'm coming. I didn't expect him. I had you know, and he shows up at the door and he says I don't think I can do this. No warning like no lead up to this. Yeah in the time that he sent the text and landed till the time he got to my house, which was maybe 20 minutes. I knew like my brain process what was happening and he showed up and he stood there and I open the door and he just looked at me and he's like I don't and I was like get out go. I can't like I don't ever want to talk to you again. And he's like we have to talk about this. I like you have to let me in we have to talk about this. So they talk she says he's not sure about a life with Lauren. He doesn't know if he wants to move. He doesn't know what he wants. Really. We had one of those like stay up all night crying kind of things where we got to a place where okay, maybe we're being too hasty and I had said to him all along throughout our relationship just don't Blindside me like that is the thing that happened with my marriage. This is what I ask of you good bad or whatever. I want to know you can talk to me about it and I want to feel like I'm part of the process. They agree to figure it out not to break up. Then the holidays start. He celebrated Christmas with us. And we had plans to meet up for New Year's and he called me the he left after the Christmas holiday and he called me the next day and he said I can't do this anymore. And what did you think then I was so angry I was so angry. I just thought to myself like You were you were just hear you? behaved as though we were a family We celebrated this holiday together with my child which you know to a 6 or 7 year old child Christmas is a big deal. Like she's old enough to remember and how could you give me? No indication? Like I just I was so angry when you're a single parent. You can't do what I do after break-up. You can't just sit around. And and be miserable and eat six boxes of Frosted Flakes. You still have to function because you have a kid who needs you Lauren also had to share the news about this breakup to her daughter who had really gotten to know this guy. She obviously saw that I was upset. And so I said to her, you know, we've decided that we're not going to be boyfriend and girlfriend anymore. And I'm sad about that. Do you think what was her response? She asked if she would ever see him again. And I said, no probably not and she asked if she would see like his one nice that she knew that was close to her age and she kind of had become a little bit friendly with and she said well I ever see her again and I said you never know but probably not right now like we're not that's not something that's going to happen and the immediate future and I said, it's I'm sad like it's okay to be sad. So you could say like I was there some value in. This is an emotional life lesson that she's learning. I don't know but I did I was very clear to with her that I felt sad about this. It was okay to feel sad. I was probably going to feel sad for a little while in the year after the breakup. I watched Lauren do a lot of second guessing. She was really hard on herself. She wondered if she made a mistake by introducing this man to her daughter. She also wondered whether it would have been better for her daughter if he had said a real goodbye, but I told her and I still tell her that I was never that sad about my mom's breakups even in the rare circumstances that I like the guy. I mean she was the most important thing. All I really needed to know was that she would recover and that she and I were still unit seeing my mom hurt was what hurt me but it was also an experience that taught me empathy. And you know that adults are human too. It's now been a few years and I found out that Lawrence daughter was very excited to know her mom was going to speak on an important podcast. So she's a big fan as much as she can be and I said, you know, I'm gonna go talk to Meredith and Beyond her podcast and Jerry talked to Mary but she said what are you going to talk about? She's way into it. And I said, well this is you know, the theme is how do you know and I'm going to talk about About being a mom and dating and how do you know when it's the right time to bring your kids in to introduce your kids? She's like what and she said. She's like, what are you talk about? And I said, well, I'm going to talk about this relationship. And and I said, how do you you know, we've never really actually we haven't talked about that in a while and she was like, oh, yeah that guy like I think you know, it's Been some time. It's been a couple of years now. Time is a funny thing with kids right to me that feels not in the so distant past but to her was like, oh my God, I was a baby when that happened. Right like she you know, and she's moved on Lauren story taught me a lot about the stakes involved in bringing a romantic partner into your life when you have kids and as a child of divorce, I have my own opinions clearly, but I wanted to ask an expert about how this kind of conversation is supposed to go down Joni Gelman is the author of A. Bible Guide to Parenting teens, she gives a lot of talks to parents about how to communicate with their kids about everything. She's also another friend of mine. How do you know when you should introduce a child to a significant other slowly would be my first my first comment what the first thing is is understanding whether or not your child has dealt with the separation or the divorce that they are they've been talking about it. They are sort of done with any anger that you might sense. And so part of it is just as a parent using your gut instinct to say, you know, they seem normal-ish. They are going to school. They're not having crying Jags they're going to sleep on time. The attitude is if it's a teenager is now normal as opposed to heightened, you know by another level so first it's just an acknowledgement of where my kid is in the Process and sometimes the kids process is not the same as the parent process. What do you mean by that? Well, if it's been a divorce maybe you're the parent that couldn't wait to get out and you've met somebody and you're so excited that your life is finally what you want it to be and you have this new person and you're excited to introduce your children to this new person, but your children are not in the same place that you are is there. A way to introduce somebody into your life to see how they act with your kids to see how your kids might like them before. It's a big announcement of you are meeting and it's important. I think it's having a situation that has that is not loaded. So if you invite a one, you know the person over to have dinner with you and your child that feels like a loaded situation for everybody uncomfortable for the person and uncomfortable for your child. I think a lot of it has to do with a Vacations it's not a time thing. It's more of the person who's introducing has to feel comfortable in their Readiness to be open to whatever the experiences Joanie says that a parents are unsure about how their kids feel about their dating lives. They should ask even if it's hard laughing time. I work with parents. I'll say well, you know, how was your kid doing with the separation of the divorce and they go. Oh, he's fine or she's fine and I will how do you know that? And they will say well they don't talk about it anymore and that to me is the red flag. That is absolutely a red flag because you need to constantly, how are you doing this? You know G haven't talked at all lately about XYZ and your dad are you know, I noticed you spending more time in your mind you feeling sad so a parent is not a therapist, but they do have to have an awareness of what their child is. Feeling and they'll know that through what they're seeing. Joanie's Point here makes me think of the way Lauren talk to her daughter about how it was. Okay to be sad. She continued to answer questions and to check in long after the breakup was over. And I wondered what advice Lauren would give to other single parents in this situation. Well first I would I would say take your time. I don't know that there are many instances where there's a reason to rush that and now I have more divorced friends. I've seen more people have to navigate this. You know, I think a lot of it obviously depends on how old your kids are but I think especially Ashley for kids with change more time to adjust is always a good thing and more time for you to enjoy this relationship outside of your kids. So I that would be my first probably piece of advice is just not to rush it along. I'm going to completely contradict everything. I just said by saying you can't know right? You just can't know and you you just have to trust your instincts knowing what I know now going thinking back would it have stopped me from? From introducing them. No. Okay, it ended horribly. I really wish it had ended better, but it doesn't change the fact that we did have a really nice relationship and it was I think a positive experience for her. As painful as it was for me after. It doesn't negate. We had a really good couple of years that we're really fun and and he was good to her. So Yeah, this has been a little bit therapeutic for me. I think I just process some stuff. I've processed a bit myself. I've realized that introductions to new partners are just one part of this process throughout her relationship Lauren made it clear to her daughter over and over that no matter what happened. She came first that they were a unit and when the relationship didn't work out Lauren showed resilience. I know her daughter saw that too. I'm confident that Lauren's X is not the last significant other her daughter will meet because at some point Lauren is going to find a lovely partner. I mean I did promise her a harvest of divorced men. The Harvest is coming any minute now, they're gonna be like all the divorced man. They're like Tucker of men coming out of the Corn feel like I'm 43. I've got a nice jaw. I'm divorced and now I'm ready, but I hit the gym. I'm going to date some women Any second now, I'm gonna go sit outside and wait for it. Should I even tell her the way that I feel the way she looks at me so tender with a smile that is real love letters is a production of the Boston Globe and PRX. Our senior producer is Amy Padula. Our executive producer is Scott Hellman net Porter. Their audio mixing sound design and mastering Devin Smith is our audience engagement manager. Special thanks to Brian mcgrory and Linda Henry. Our music is from a p.m. How did you know something in your relationship? Are you struggling with this question right now? Do you have a love problem any love problem email the team at love letters at boston.com or find us on Twitter at love letters blog and if you like the show, please leave us a review on Apple podcasts learn more at love letters that show And remember if you're going to date my friend Lauren, I have to approve of you and I guess her daughter does to I Meredith old steam. Thanks for listening.