Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow. Come here. All right Punk alcoholics. We are live here at Lobo Comics. This is episode number 21. We are doing a special event here at Lobo Comics. I'm your host Nando T Jr. Golden Boy 79 on Instagram and the Ric Flair of WWE Funko Pop collecting. Whoo today. I have with me Jack or your anime collector. You can find me at Funko squid on Instagram and me flow the Chrome hater follow me on. Lost in the shadows. And today guys. We got a special guest with us. We actually have a staff member from Lobo Comics here to talk to us Micah. Hey, what's up guys? This is Micah. I find me on Instagram it at death by leg kick or follow our page at little Comics. Also. This is a great event guys. I didn't we have got great attendance here. We got a lot of vendors a lot of great pops anything that's got you guys live so far. I know I'm the anime guy and no one else in town is but Again, some Star Wars is caught my eye. Thanks Lambie what you see Corey, there is a Queen Amidala over there a Darth Maul a Boba Fett. I don't think I'm walking away with any I think my buddy is but it's cool to see him. What about you pronator funny that you say that I actually picked up a walking deck Merle a regular one was put spin on it with the exclusive sticker on it. So it's not regular. Shut up. Well you get what I mean, but I need it for the collection. I got to pick my man. David were having that and my man Donald Trump me get it. So thank you darling right on and Micah anything that caught your eye while you're down here. You know, we're brought up was that Boba Fett could talk to us a little bit about what you guys got going on down here. How long have you been here for over a year? I've been with a little longer than that been shopping here. Since Henry actually kicked me out of this. Nine years old the kitties. That's awesome. Actually, it's pretty funny. So whenever I first started working here as a here where this kid, never Marvel Zombies number one came out of this was all over school. Everybody had it had to go pick one up. So I came into the store with what I thought was the cover price was already going for like 200 plus dollars. You guys got knees are ya sure. You have the cool. I'll take it slim the five and he was like, no man. It's that's not going to cut it. I was like you can keep the change. I don't care if he's like dude just Get out of here. Not a bad ending. Crushed ends up turning out to be good. You know that funko's going to be releasing Marvel Zombies, right? I didn't know that but is that because of the Marvel Zombies Resurrection signature doing writing? So okay that makes these after another from and the pops look amazing. Yes. They look very cool. They already had one like yours before. I think it was the the Morpheus one. That is more obvious one and I think there were like, wow, this one looks pretty cool. And then after when I bought those little key chains from box lunch, they look so cool. I think they're probably like you know what we should start doing that more Funko Pops. I didn't want these for like a long time now that they are coming out now. I know I'm spending my money on Dad more stuff for me to not buy it's fun than me, but he's like pass I am from the zombie collector now makes sense. It's a good transition. Don't you? Forget it. So Michael what? Uh, what are the what are the transit you're seeing right now? We here at level comics. Pop star pop star all the craze and what I think is interesting is I was I didn't have optimal skepticism at first about pops as they were coming through. I was like, okay, we got the next Bean baby or the next you know for those little cardboard coins all the pods. Yeah. Here's the next POC right? You just keep going and keep Printing and they keep getting more collectors on like oh, this is a thing. Now. This is a guys are in. You know, I mean, this is you got your Marvel Legends. You got your neck of figures. You got your Funko Pops. It's one of the Integrating ones now. Oh, yeah, Franco. I mean become certain become a household name even if you don't collect pops, you know, what pops are your you know, what Funko is at least as funny because every time I talk to somebody that doesn't have a cool about it, but then the moment that you say or once you start playing a little bit more about they're like, oh those little bobble heads and say yeah the bobblehead because with the big heads they give you guys a heads and then they'll be like, yeah, they're everywhere now. Really big problem or walking dead father. We know yeah, we know we'll get into it in another episode probably next week. I'm sure we'll hear work Toy Fair made me so happy with how many anime pops the announce I'm going to be broke this year, but it's a good thing. Well, I'll be saving money because they make what I wanted and that's all I want is one thing stupid. Yes, we know for we've heard it the last 20 episodes going to keep hearing it more until they finally do. What I want so deal with it. So if you seen any of you seen any Grails come through the store anything like that, you know, I see one behind you the Grail of Grails. There is a gril grill here and we are going to be talking to this gentleman later on. He's the Clockwork Orange glow in the dark Chase. Okay. So realistically $20,000 pop very unique hard very man that prove to you guys that like against you guys aren't That is good as gold once you put a license on it. Yeah, only babies you like Beanie Babies pops. You don't like pops. You like Marvel you like Star Wars. Well again a man. That's the stuff you like. Yeah. Exactly. It was funny that you brought out pogs because in the soda pop cans that fungal released their blind figurines, but on the bottom of the can they actually have a pocket in there. Yeah, they're big. It's like Prague Prague. But yeah, it's pretty similar to a box. Yeah, it tells you gotta tell you in Portuguese. Yeah, really cool. Zombies, I'll get us no choice. That's what I was thinking Masters of the Universe or maybe even Thundercats because the Mantra he's pretty badass. He liked that one. All right. All right everyone. Let's all go get one. Well sold on the soda pop cans Micah. We appreciate your time here, man. We love having you on the podcast. So we definitely hope we can do this more in the future. Yeah. Appreciate it guys. We appreciate all your time. And how do we find you on social media? Yeah again guys, you can follow me. Give us a follow at the store just to see all the latest content, which is global clients. Oh and just one real quick Chanel. Do you own any pops? I do own Pops. I recently liquidated a bunch. I'm kind of getting in the Marvel Legends a little bit more. Okay. Most of them are in the closet as most of my collection is but I do I do keep the Kakashi up on my desk at all times. There we go. Michael will again do we can't thank you enough. We appreciate you coming on the podcast and we definitely like I said we You want more so we'll definitely keep in contact with you and everything and dude. Thank you so much for your time. All right guys, and we're back. We're talking with a bunch of people that are here at this event and we actually got one of our people from the New Mexico Chasers Limited Edition group. We got Donald here with us and he is actually one of our mini Guru collectors Donald it got man. You got to leave your wallet at home. Unfortunately, it's got my driver's license. So Donald talk to us about Manny's man. What do you how many let's start off. How many do you have in your collection? No kidding. Wow. When did you start? Okay, so hundred a month is I mean, I started out with Five Nights at Freddy's and They're easier to display the easier to show and their whole lot smaller so you can put a whole lot more in the stocks. Very cool. When you talk about real estate. I can't hear you because I know in my house. I was like, I became an out-of-box collector just because they were outgrowing the home. And so I totally know where you coming from on the minis what made you decide to switch over to that was it? Yeah the space that it was taking off or did you just start researching no more. Or you start looking them up what happened? Like I noticed I looked up a pop one time. I think it was like I looked up Jack. Oh chica from Five Nights at Freddy's. Okay. That was the one I needed was the last Pop I needed and I saw the mini in the mini looked so much cooler than the pot and I'm like, let me look these up and I noticed that the minis had so much more detail in my opinion than the pops did and I thought it was crazy something so small. So much detail very cool. Let me ask you so on the minis because I'm not very familiar with them. Do they have chases do they have glow-in-the-dark anything that separates them or anything like that. Do you have exclusives? Is it similar to the Funko Pops? Yeah just recently was the Venom eyes line and that line has gained stop exclusives and Walmart, exclusive. Awesome. The game's topics. This is Rocky Raccoon glow-in-the-dark Hulk glow-in-the-dark Iron Man, and then the Walmart exclusives were Were the Punisher and glow-in-the-dark Dano simple on that are Captain Marvel? Okay, and the clothes on those just amazing and when you're buying these their meat their Ministries, right? It's a mystery box. Yes. I mean, I sort of cheat recently. I take a scale to the store. Okay. There we go. I mean with the bed of my set came out I bought three cases and I'm like, holy crap. I just dropped a hundred twenty bucks on things. I don't even know what's going to be in. Yeah. So let me start bringing a skate. Okay, you have to sometimes you got to do that angle. It's gonna get expensive, right? Yeah, but you spend on the box at GameStop you spend roughly around 50 Hot Topic and bunks box. Lunch is around 70. Okay. So how many come in the 12-12-12? Wow. Okay. Yeah, and when I've noticed with the GameStop is when you buy a case, you normally get the exclusions so and box lunch and Hot Topic. Okay, they're just wild cards there. Gotcha. Well, why don't you tell us about your mystery experience mystery mini experience at GameStop. Oh my God never again. So me and mr. Nando here. We're on an adventure and then I was like, hey, I kind of like the mystery. And when I opened up at least nine of them, I have five Hulk three doors to Loki's and I was like, you know what I freakin hate many will never collect them ever again. Yeah, there were multiple cases in the store and somebody picked up the pieces they want it and then merge the cases will make me stupid. Where's the salt girl pop? We need to have that one. That was actually waste. Because when I was with flow at that one it was funny do because he literally bust him open in the store and it was funny because the employees were watching. So like there's like a bunch of oohs and aahs, but mostly like booze because everytime Flowood open one up. It was a whole craft Iraq in the world. The biggest one people probably talk about is the glow-in-the-dark white from Game of Thrones. Okay, not White Zombie. Yeah, it's white. It's a white. Yeah, absolutely normally talk about when I talk about growls. It's okay. It's off the 500 bucks. Really? Okay, the flock book BPR sells for around 200. OK upwards to 400. It's it varies a lot. What's the most you spent on one? I spent I spent 80. On a spring trap. Okay, and I spent 80 on a spring trap the The Afton spring-trap. I really love that meaning because it's a spring trap body but it's an alpha is open and you can see a head screaming inside of all that's pretty sad and there's like blood running down. The guy's face. It's that's what made me fall in love with the name is I saw that one and I'm like, oh my God, I need it. Yeah, I'm gonna have to get a picture of picture of that one from you dude so I can post it. The page and I went awesome they call I got to see this. That's the most I spent on one is probably my favorite one to okay other than my little bit are you completing sets of these also, I'm trying to okay. So what's like, what's your collection looking like so like, you know marvel Game of Thrones like what what are the ones that you're trying to complete right now or what do you have in your collection? So right now 90% of X-Men? Okay can't believe I turned into one of the snap. My sister fell in love with and then she fell out of it. So now I'm the only guy in the family. Okay, so it's normal. It's mainly snap. I have a few horror and sci-fi Marvel. Mainly Spider Man Marvel. Let me ask you in the Albuquerque Community. Are you finding a lot of many collectors and you know bird, you know, is it make it easier like on trades and purchasing stuff like that or is a lot of your collection coming online and from the from the stores. It's coming from stores and online. Okay, I found probably to other people that are main many collectors. Like there's a couple here selling some but their dog they're obviously not meaning collectors, you know? Okay, right on Donald really appreciate you chopping chopping it up with us over here man on the phone calls podcast. Definitely appreciate you giving us all the information on the minis man and all the best luck to you and getting those getting those important ones that you got on the wishlist. Yeah, there's a bunch, you know, and they're they're a pain sometimes. Do you have social media? And where can we find you? I have Facebook. I McDonald Bailey little jack-o'-lantern is the profile picture probably about it. So awesome, man. Well, thank you again for being on the podcast. Yeah, no problem. Thank you. Got a new collector here by the name of Josh. Hey, thanks for having me pretty cool spot look like y'all mention. I'm just a new collector probably like a month or so. So how do you like it so far is it? Overwhelming is it pretty easy? Yes. It's both just like any other collection. I have many other collections to but Uncle Japanese like looking to kind of a bad time with tax season coming and I was just like yeah, let's say the least it's fun. A lot of people on The Chase group on Facebook. It's like give me so much insight and so much like helpers like unreal like it's like no heat on that page. I'm like Like wow, you're always so nice to me. Do we love having you in the family man? I mean that's that's what kind of you know was the whole image behind it. And then like what we do for the phone coholic my we just sit here and talk about what we love and that's fun. Cool. Yeah, that's funny because I started a little bit before tax season last year without probably a year and three months ago now we came back with probably 200 Pops, at least I think I remember hearing that in in in one of the podcast or like it was part of like yeah, Daddy's leave one seat open or something. Yeah, we believe a seat open for me. Otherwise that she probably needs it will till the like every screen sure that is like shrunk to in the car all of it. So Josh talk to me man. What uh, what got you in a funk? Or how did how did you catch that fever man? I saw Tupac and of course, they're like there's sitting right up there. All monies being like I have half of being syncline. I'm looking to collect the Power Rangers. See some Batman you got there tonight. Yeah, I just went shopping Jenny from Manning versus the wasp and I got a Abraham from The Walking Dead. Okay, and so like I'm pretty excited by the Abraham because I've watched the show. Show you know 277 season progressed. And so I mean I just you know, it's cool to see the stuff you're into as far as TV shows or least LG like Power Rangers. Yeah, you know the river and just like becomes a toy as an adult. That's you. Yes towel. Just sit there. It's like it's a walk down memory lane for us. Yeah. It says you're less inclined to play with is supposed to my eight-year-old sister where she wants to please her else. That's yours if you want to yeah. I have the same one. Don't take it out of the box. What sets are you looking to like complete or what it which one is it that you got your eyes on like of the goal of dark. It's like I just cut the tux agree. Okay, excellent and actually traded it for a TV and bit of an unfair trade, but I was willing to give it all that you wanted it. I wanted this relationship right there too because you never know if they find something in there be like hey, you know what this has Josh written all over it. I'm going to hit him up. Yes, pretty much anything like 90s Nostalgia? Okay, I'll support you know, whatever Loose Ends bits and pieces that come my way to like, that's pretty cool. What was one of the things like as a new collector? I always find it interesting to see like, you know, what what things that they find that works the best for them or you know, so is it mostly just like online research to that you do or is it kind of like talking within the groups or what? Did you find the most useful? That that helps you find what you're looking for. Sure you chill to different resources. So even YouTube videos perfect. You got any one of y'all you've been helpful to me as my own personal initiative to research the product for the piece. Okay. Like I said, if he strikes my I'll definitely look into it wait until I mean just the fine line between fiction and actions as well. That you would like to see made that I know they don't have an M&M. I'm trying to look them up. Okay. I wanted to me. I'm a very very big imminent than love to see an eight-mile one something like are you? Yeah, like I saw a Big E with an elbow. I'm not sure what it is. Is it like oh, yes, it's something new that's coming out. Very first one. It's a new thing. So I'm going to have to get that. Right, we have to get that one. Damn it. It would be pretty cool to see like I said none. He's along with the hip-hop makes it even if it's like something hard. Oh, yeah. Now you're talking just I got you. Oh man, you know and I actually just a little fun fact. I actually got the open up police Ebola few years ago. No way. Yeah little bit of a few. I was a few final multi-platinum artist. I get something of course, I mean even just having that they have a story detail would be like Even by such a be like that all we remember that song. I was showing you the really understand. So I mean whatever is Conversation Piece, we love that you're that you're with us. You know what I mean? You're part of the family. Now your fun coholic. We got you on the podcast man. We appreciate you listening hitting that subscribe button and you know sharing the love and the feedback is awesome anything you ever need man come and talk to us through we got you. Another thing that I did post on the page that I've been looking out for it doesn't matter which variation like I'm an artist too and we think that I'm trying to look for a Bob Ross. Okay. I'm going to get this man a Bob Ross. I need a Bob Ross. Even if it's with the raccoon of the animal, I don't care I've seen about pretty much every single thing that he's put out. I know a lot about them. Come on. I was like thinking Michaels. Yeah, we can find you a Barbara will find you a bob. Even if it's the Yes, sir. I was at Dallas Fan Expo last year and it started out exclusive to there and I saw my just just think I don't need it right now. I wish I did thanks for joining. Yeah, thanks for having me and Josh before you leave us. How do we find you on social media? But social media Facebook Josh for three or anybody that follows? Is the the Chasers page I'm on they're constantly but I do have an artist page that is on the Instagram is called bad. Shit Bishop 505. It's ba di Shi T Bishop one word 505 you'll find anywhere for my music stuff to my painting stuff to my drawing stuff to my Robo commission work our pieces with customized sneakers. So we got so you'll find all that on there and probably even in the future Mama even just customize. Bone pops, that's the way it's going to go. So, let's see. We definitely love to see those photos man and we'll get them out on the Instagram page. Awesome. Appreciate y'all. I wanted to get something that had a similar thing instead of all this random. Memorabilia to get signed and happened to see you know, these little pop figures that used to come and clam shells and I just started that got me addicted and into the wonderful world of Funko. Oh man, you just took me back right there. And I think you take a lot of listeners back when you just said clamshells tells us how long you been collecting. Well, I originally started collecting like the wacky wacky wobbler. So before I think the clam shells I believe so. There's all this started and I ate right the lucky wobblers. Yeah, like Becker saw him out of his garage. I believe that was sells labor. that I actually are Funko Pop from when it was I guess when it's clam shells in the bunk of force 2.0 and now then it became in the Funko pops, and I happened to see one for sale and it turns out that this piece and it up becoming a grill of All Sorts because they didn't have a particular license on it and it was Clockwork Orange what I paid back then for it. A lot of people probably thought was crazy at the time right few hundred dollars for this toy. That was probably about five to seven dollars normally in a store. Con in Texas where I was going to see Malcolm McDowell and I was like, hey, you know, that'd be kind of cool to get ordered it first pop and need to being number 10 of the Clockwork Orange Chase glow. Wow, and this is the one that you read about in all the websites. Everybody's talking about it. And we've got one right here. Yeah, so that was the first pop Funko that I actually ordered and that kicked off. This is habitat still going on right now is the is is the Clockwork Orange glow in the dark Chase your your ultimate grill, or what's your what's your personal favorite? Don't really have So stood forth. Oh my God. All right past two years. I've been slowly sewing and stuff off and I've been trying to concentrate my collection, honestly. Okay, so which I mean it's not it's helping those less than I guess the collection down to I think I'm mad or five 550 signed ones. Okay, and that's still growing because I'm already set to get probably another 20 or so and So, I mean it's helped in a way but not really and and from the from the sellers side. Do you notice that people are more attracted to the autographs on the pop is it kind of you just noticed that they're a fan and they want it no matter what have you noticed a difference. No, I mean, I think it's more of a it's a smaller click of people that collect both of them. Usually you run into Seekers or the to Funko collectors, I know taboo and I got the grill mind but nothing doll which I had open. So for the the true collector that may say, oh I can't believe you. You know, it's no longer Mint Condition. Yeah, I think right now it's probably the only one that's sign out of the 12 because I think I know a few years back on the Funko fanatic Forum. I they actually track down like all the owners and Associate who owned which number but I guess recently one of those has changed. I don't know if you saw the $50,000 sale recently of one of them with the included that in there like the Willy Wonka and Freddy chocula. I was just going to bring that up. Bright with this one when he contacted just basically gathering information that you have ownership of it or did you have to like show photos? Like, what did they what all did that entail really all they did most of the most of us. The same number as the set for like all the and they were the ones collecting for 20 30 years. Yeah make my collection book put it to shame the same people really own the same numbers for this one. It was kind of weird because they didn't have the license at the time. It can only be given away by Mariotti. So we went to like close friends or raffled off or giving out that the fun days. Okay. I just happened to be on and I saw that someone was selling it. I don't know if it was just wasn't interested in that person at the time or that he sold it and then when I got it, you know, I think It was Pride maybe a year or two and then all the sudden there's that skyrocketing right? It was like, oh, yeah, so I think that that would probably be the girl if that I would try have to, you know, save the house and started on fire and have to go in and grab that one and take it with me. I got you. I went to that one's really super protective right now before it's just yeah. What was your reaction when you initially saw what the value was on this thing kind of chalk. But I mean doing this for for so long, I guess from the beginning of the pop world. You know, I paid a lot of the original price shoes now there with the secondary Market in all this stuff's getting all of its skyrocketing period so like stuff that you were buying for $10 like Hot Topic or whatever. Now 400 bucks. You don't know where it happened just happened. Right? It's good in a way. So I definitely profit has offered its. Oh, right. That's always a good thing. Well David, that's awesome. And I thank you so much for being on the podcast with us and spending your time with us going to leave you one last question. It's a Funko wish list. So out of all the pain all the props that are out there. Is there one pop that hasn't been made. That you would love to see made anything. All right. At funkin shiznit, if you love it the ins ehi CIT. Well, thank you. Again David. We appreciate your time man. And any time we can bring you back on you're more than welcome. And we would love to have you again. All right phone coholic, so I'm back and I've got with me two special guests. These guys are these guys are my boys. I've got the Funko fiends Southwest over here. I've got the prez and the VP what's going on guys? What do we got going on what's going on with these days is coming out new pens everything but with the coronavirus everything has been put on hold. So they just the people that we run through. Our manufacturers said that they're starting to get reproduction back up again. So everyone is waiting on everything is just need to wait a little bit longer to be apologize for that. So perfect man, I'm one of those ones it's waiting in line. I'm ready. All right. So VP. What's going on, man? Talk to us bro. How'd you get into Funko Pop collecting? Oh dude. It's actually a funny story. Like for me. I would see these things around every now and then, you know, I've seen them at Target or Walmart or whatever and I would be like, oh that's cool. You know, that's pretty dope whatever, you know, but I never pulled pick one up me and my cousins were actually at Nickel City and we actually just stayed on one game bro. We just hit like 30,000 tickets and the one pop they had was Golem from The Hobbit. Okay, so I was like mine. I dropped I think like Mike. Twelve thousand tickets on it dude, and that was the first one that started it. It was over from there to play was like man, and now I'm over here trying to get rid of some. All right, we got it. We got to pay for that addiction somehow dude. Seriously. I'm trying to Cobble here to the original Tupac and Biggie right now and trying to make a deal for this dude pull through for me. I'm going to drop some money. There we go, but that's going to be an awesome one. I have in the collection man. That's one that we can show off definitely excited about this. Me see what we're here. We're kind of new right now with the the Southwest. So we're trying to push it all through get more active followers for us, you know. So appreciate you guys are looking at Punk of politics and Chasers bro, because this actually gets the more of the community together and in terms of our funko's community, you know, so it's exciting that it's exciting what's going to happen. You know, we're like I said, we're just starting it out new. So we're kind of building it from the ground up some better. You know what I mean? We want to do more, you know charity stuff, you know. I'll get involved with that. So we have a giveaway. Yeah, give away stuff the contest there's a lot more that there's a lot we want to do now because now that we've taken the reins for the Southwest chapter before I mean, it was under great. It was a great president everything. I have no ill will towards anyone that's that's left the Funko fiends at all, but it was just little too quiet. So we're trying to get this more active. I'm trying to get everybody involved that we can through the the we have the Facebook page. We have the Instagram page. We have a Discord chat group. We have the I'm gonna start Your Facebook Chat group of people don't want to be Discord. We just want to have all this but we just talk and interact everything cuz we have we do Utah and Nevada, Texas, Arizona, New Mexico. So we have a pretty big territory to cover and we want everyone to be involved and tell us their stories show us their Halls, you know, just just whatever they want to do, you know, and maybe we can try and meet up at some Comic Cons or near are in the middle of all of us really maybe something in Arizona or whatever, Texas. But yeah, it's just kind of its kind of like Isaac said we're only Ground floor right now. We're just trying to get this thing going build some put a foundation to a new level of the fun cooking. That's awesome, man. And and one of the things that I love about the Funko fiends is I mean the Funko the way that I love Franco and everything. I love about everything that's going to install Jake and I love the history and I love you know, what's going on with Becker. I love what's going on with you know, Mariotti taking over now and everything and I mean, let's be honest in the making fun the fun cool documentary who's in there. Theme Funko fiends baby. That's awesome. That's what got me into them. Like I know that when I was like these guys and I like the patch and the logo and the look and everything. I was like, wow, that's that's a cool way to kind of nerd out but still kind of not be so dorky. Yeah not get picked on. I don't know what the same way with me when I saw that documentary. I saw the patches on there and I was like, I want to get involved with that and shout out to Scott feel music out there too. Because he was the one that actually he he posted it up on Instagram. Graham that he was going to do more patches. So I was like all sweet man. Like I'm gonna I'm gonna get in this right? So I got online and then finally got into wolves if they got my patch in and you know, it's just been uphill from there, you know, and then I got involved with Steve and he told me about the southwest and man. It's just been kicking off and dude. Congratulations on that VP position. I mean when Steve posted it out there and everything you're one of the ones that first popped in my head. I was like, it's God's eyes open. Like this dude's got a frigging had my back. I think it's gonna be badass. So yeah, what do you guys worked perfect together man? Cuz I crack up on your videos that you post on Instagram and then we got you doing comedy now man, so dude, that's all gold to me. I loved it so that the connection was perfect. It was actually that's actually what drew me to Isaac be my vice president of the club is because you know, you did post all these funny videos and stuff. I'm like man, that guy's got like, you know, he's got spunk that Spirit. He's got like just everything going for Christmas characters. I like that's what that's what I want the South West Funko fiends to represent is a fun group of people that just want to hang out talk about pops or anything else toys. Like, you know, we nerd out on mass of the universe. I've never Motu Mafia founder. Yes, sir, actually, but that's another group for another day. But it's just something that we just want to have like a fun Spirit going through the thunk opening Southwest. That's what our goal is, right? Yeah, exactly. Like this is it's all family for us. You know what I mean? Like I got involved with a lot of new people and You treat them like it here your brothers and cousins exactly if that's what we want exactly, you know, but it's all it's all fun. You know, it's just everything going on in the world right now man, just to come together and spend the day like this or we're over here at local comic hanging out all day. It's it takes your mind off the stress work. It really do anything. You got going on your life. There's like let's go sell some pops this make some new friends. Exactly and that's what I love about the camaraderie about this company. I'm not company that Community I needed a you know what I mean? It's fun to because not all of us right here to like gouge each other or screw each other over anyway, like we're all here at just took from one common purpose the love of toys and collectibles and have a good time. So, you know all of us we could each other killer deals we have each other with whatever like we try to help each other out finding things like Nano you help me grab the the target Doc Holliday, which also showed up today and then I hooked you up with the jyd today like the lgn classic like man, we just all about fun here, you know, and I'm hoping they don't find me on target man because that kid wasn't happy when I It was more like a stiff arm and his side thought he was reaching for something but you know, and you know, just like you said good guys going back to the love and everything. Like I said, you know, the community is huge and you know, I never thought when you know, when I first had that judge collar in my hands that it was going to lead to all this, you know, my when it started for me my God. And son was the one that put this pop in my hand and after that it was over. All right, you know, I I'm like I've seen these before and then I walk in Hastings and yeah, you got rocky got Masters of the Universe you got this you got this and then I won two Pops from Instagram contest from Comic Book Guy. And anyway, I went to Hastings that are closing down and I was a big Honker. As in some buying all these conflicts and 7i there's like these two shelves is full of pops and they were like a dollar each. I mean there it was down to the end like was like 90% off you just basically walk out with free pops, and I regret not I did buy some are not alone my friend. I bought the whole set of The Rocky Horror Picture Show for my sister-in-law because she loves that show and I regret not getting me one. I'm like damn it like that. So every time I go to her house and like can I have that set I gave it to you. Oh, that's it. Yeah. Oh, no, everyone loves Funko Pops. There's Something cool and there's something for everyone. Yeah, it always comes to like for me. It's nostalgic. It's something from what I grew up with man. I mean just like, you know moments ago. We were talking about, you know, like all the toys that we played with what we're you know, we're growing up. I brought them all with me. He's got them all and I mean you almost told me his birth certificate and his baptism. For $20, but Tony's Place and you got scared but you know, just you know talking about all that and you know chopping them. Like I said, you know me being able to come around and meet such great people and talk with everyone and get connected and you know, do all these great things didn't stop the Nostalgia. Is there a man and funko's got it. They figured it out. You know what I mean? And I know when Mike Baker started all this that was a big part of what he wanted to get across and you know, No, one of his biggest things was he was saying is I just want everybody to come together and talk about what they love and I'm hoping that would I give to you is and he nailed it nailed. One of the best companies is they're better than has brother better than glued. They're better than LG and they're better than all these other toy companies combined because they actually do create like you said installed in and a family and a collectability like everyone just comes to with this company, it's crazy how everyone's behind Funko and we're all fiends at heart really exactly couldn't have said it better and one of the things that I love to is young people can look at my wall of pops and I get can sit there and tell them each story on how I got it who I met, you know, and to me, like I said, you know, it's just it's a love it's you know, it's a family exactly out there, you know and exactly in the beginning of all this I kind of felt able to be honest and fair embarrassed, you know, like collecting these little figures that look like the new Beanie Baby quote-unquote is everybody was saying well, we always have that comparison exactly right, but for me, there's no better satisfaction for me than just come out here and do this. You know what I mean? It just brings everybody together and have fun. It's just a nice thing to do. It is a nice Hobby and you know every but there's something for everybody my cousin over there. I just gave him his first two. Yeah. Now he's over there one of the booth and then but you know exactly what it's fun. And I mean we got like ten people out here ten tables full hundreds of Pops, you know, everybody's so chill and actually specialist what's left from the rushes of today exactly was popping off all day today out here be there is a so many people that love collecting Funko pops and and toys and figures as have it was awesome today. Yeah, really? I think I almost sold all my inventory. Yeah, it's nice. Yeah. Cleaned up on what I brought in and I mean I gotta you know, shout out to Eric and and level comics and all the staff man. I mean they are on point they take care of business over here and it's such a great spot. You know, it's also nice for me one thing. I do love or whatever to make somebody happy or to have somebody finish off their collection. It's worth it. You know what I mean? Like like I actually helped Steve off with his Batman series, you know a couple days ago. He did that and Is help them out, you know what I mean? And it just made me happy. Well, I mean, that's what it's about helping people out. I just am out there. I just noticed that today. I sold Smokey the Bear the flocked one from Hot Topic. I was just watching the girl and she I don't know if it was her mother who it was but she just went to her hand it to her and her mom was like, oh my God, thank you. I love this and it's like that's you know, that's why I totally hear you on that man. So if I get one thing in a series of small be mine, do you know me both man? I don't know who's gonna get to that Shira Finish Line first. I don't really scare me. You know what we might have to go half. Just pass it back and forth. It's starting to look that way. I just I'm going to be teaching that one for who knows how long that's 40. So talk to me guys. What what is the things that are coming up on the on the on the fiends Horizon what we are going to start doing like I said more giveaways and stuff to kind of start drawing more interest to the page, which is the group. We're trying to kind of lock down a more solid solidarity with with the members that because we don't know when we're told president left some people left with them and some people stayed and over still trying to it's through three different websites, you know through Like Twitter through Instagram and Facebook. It's hard to try to get lock everybody back down again and be as one so that's been a little bit of the challenge. I've been finding is trying to catch who wants to stay who doesn't want to stay whatever kind of thing and it's been kind of a mishmash of trying to get everybody like back on track and involved. So once we get that more solidarity going on it's going to move forward like Isaac and I already put some stuff together for my Personal Collection. Both of us donated some stuff that we're going to put up for a giveaway on Instagram, which will be seeing nickel posted up in the next couple days. In Southwest page and then just from there. I actually would love to really start doing some stuff for Charities towards child's of child abuse and stuff. I watched that Gabriel and Fernandez documentary on Netflix and man that just being a father like that just really brutally hit me in the face and hit me in the heart and I really want to try to do something for her children now whether it's raised any kind of money for anything for anything we can help with child abuse. I mean that's like a little really hit me hard and it will rise and watch that. Yeah, be careful watching it. You're gonna cry. I got you a hundred percent. Yeah, it was rough and you know anything from the phone call Alex and the Chasers man. We got you. Yeah, excellent idea and like I said, you know, we're definitely in on that appreciate your time. Man, you can find us on well, let's see on Instagram. It's going to be fun. Caffeine Southwest look us up on there. We're also on Facebook if you just look up Southwest Funko fiends. There's a Facebook group on there. You can find if you can't find the fuck up. You can find it through like our personal sites - Top Force One Todd Force One on Instagram and Twitter and then on Facebook, it's under Steve Baca, but it's got the top Force Ones button on there because for some reason Facebook, isn't it? Use fake names really bothers me? A lot of things that Facebook does that had to really trust me. I'm the same way man. But if you just look up Uncle Finn Southwest chapter, we're on there. We're on a lot of places we about you VP. It's an S. No Isaac how to me on Instagram a little m-rated that sometimes but yeah, it's all over me. But I do love you a lot of funky stuff. I do a lot of Photography that I'm in to actually figure photography. So I love doing those photos are awesome. Dude. There's somebody to come out. I'm just staring at it. I'm like dude that does it again. on here in this is this has been this has been exciting so like I said we're gonna we're gonna definitely do some stuff in the future and we appreciate you coming on man spending your time with us thanks guys and just like that we're all out of time it should boynado t z Ric Flair of WWE Funko Pop collecting whoo we're missing the guys over here but they had a blast over at Lobo Comics we met a lot of great people a lot of great vendors there was Popsicle or shout out to our boy David for talking to us about that huge mega girl that he's got on his hands shout out to the Funko fiends the prez and the VP for joining us and our new collector Josh we also had Donald talking to us about those mini so guys it was a really great time I had such a blast doing the podcast and I know that this went so well Eric and his wonderful staff over at Lobo comics and Micah big shout out to you bud for giving us some history on low and just chop it up talking shop guys we want you to hit that subscribe button we want you to listen we want you to share let the people know the Funko holux are out there and that they are doing some big and great things we got a lot of cool things coming up follow us on Instagram and we also have a YouTube channel Facebook coming soon that is in the works to close out guys we just want to wish you nothing but luck in your future hunts and from all the funk alcoholics if every day like a Funko fun day Hey everyone, Nick. You're also known as that Disney Adams on Facebook Instagram and Twitter and I am the host of Five Minute Podcast. Join me in a weekly episode about Walt Disney World. I do 5 Min updates every week as well as interviews with guest Travelers other Travel Planners and more find five minute pop cast anywhere you listen to podcasts.