So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put on this other thing in mind you might clothing. I mean generally me what I wear day to day. It's not going to change that much from 40 to 50 to 80. Not really. Not really. And actually the warmer it gets the more the need to wear black because the sweat stains are a little less obvious then. And I always have a backpack so I have had that happen where or and sometimes I'll have my backpack in the front this other one, you know, I'll just move it around sometimes over my shoulder, you know back front whatever as I'm walking throughout the day and then I've had times where I've had this huge sweat stain in the front and I didn't realize it or on the back. It's not so nice. But the reason the reason I realized mean the reason that I can talk to you right now at all is because it's not so cold out when it's cold out is too cold to press the buttons and hold the phone and just deal with all that when it's cold because your fingers freeze and then your my phone also my phone will I remember this one I lived on Staten Island. My phone will shut off when it's too cold. It'll just like the battery will instantly drain that would happen when I would ride the Because when I would ride the ferry, I would often like to be outside in the wind and the cold if there was wind and cold. It's very fun. Only good thing about Staten Island is a moment on a boat. Sorry, if you love Staten Island, I hope you enjoy it stay there. It's probably very good for you. Okay, so I'm back. I don't know for how long talking three minutes already going for a morning walk. I don't know what time it is. Is it still morning? I have a I've just one client today. It might be a long reading might not be we might split it up. Just one person today patreon work to continue with book edits. Look at its to continue. I can't remember. I don't know probably probably talked about this on Twitter and elsewhere about how fast Llewellyn works. I remember with wiser. My first work Pub. My first look my first book my first book published by wiser. I think it took months. And I'm not complaining. I'm just it's a fact they took a months. To get back to me, you know, I'd handed in the first draft took took months. I don't few months these folks. I think it's two weeks. Like it was literally two weeks. So I went from this write a book in five months. Say goodbye to Quality their write a book in five months. Unless you're really that good that you can write something. Readable and five months and God bless them. They like what I gave them made me very happy. I will remember that day forever because it felt really nice. You know, I've been in New York since late July a lot has well a lot has changed. Some of the reasons why well, I don't know. You know, that's the inventory I have to take. What is this podcast going to be about if the reasons why I originally started it have shifted. They probably haven't because I'm still me. I'm still me still in Brooklyn still talking about the spiritual life. Now. I'm just more alienated from all of it. That's been the biggest shift. But that isn't isn't why I wanted to talk today. Sorry. I'm distracted now. I got distracted by being on a busier street. I'm also tired of people staring at me wondering if they know me. When you live where I live there are these people who give you this look like do I know her? She looks kind of familiar. I'm not really sure but I'm gonna squint Dad. I'm just going to stare real hard because maybe they don't help me figure it out if I know her and it's not just that they're sizing you up to see if you're a religious girl if you're religious or if you just wear black all the time and Don't show any skin. Maybe that's just your maybe. That's just your style or are you? religious anyway Well those topics come back. Will they be explored more than I did explore them before? I don't know. All I know is I wanted to say hi. I remembered this podcast existed. I remember I used to talk to you when it wasn't so cold out. Which it's not today? I'm going for my walk. It's sunny supposed to rain later. So this is just a hello. How are you? now besides that there is a topic on my mind and astrological topic you might be able to guess what it is. And I don't have that many thoughts about it yet. I've only talked about it with a couple people so far. I know I'm going to do a special reading for this. Maybe not until July haven't had the brain power yet to Put it together the details and how long I'm offering it for and all that and what that you know exactly what I'm going to be doing in the reading but that's coming a Saturn in Aquarius special reading. And that's the topic which I'm introducing to you, even though even though I don't really have anything cooked yet. Now, I do think it's important to remember that a Transit and energy. by transit is not the same as if you have it in your natal chart, it is not the same thing. So sometimes people say to me. Oh, well, I have it in my natal so that really horrible thing in the sky. It's not going to bother me because I have it in my natal. It could still bother you. Trust me. I feel like people fundamentally don't understand how astrology works. and the proliferation of Resources and sources is skewing things even more and the lack of understanding continues. And it's creating a kind of no offense to Gemini's a Gemini ish culture around it information information information information, which is not the same thing as understanding and it is not the same thing as depth. It is a keyword soup. Not true for everyone, but I feel this is the trend. And this is why you guys this is why I don't have any thoughts on Saturn in Aquarius yet because I'm not going to throw you a bunch of fucking keywords. Saturn means this Aquarius means that Aquarius has two rulers the old one in the newer one. But I will tell you having Saturn in Aquarius in your natal is not the same thing as when it's in the sky and doing doing whatever it wants to do in your chart. Except it is important to mention that if you do have a natal Saturn in Aquarius. You are going to have a Saturn return and it will pretty much be. Activating everything will be activating whatever your natal Saturn does like an echo chamber. So I will come back and talk about this my thoughts on it. I don't know what I think about it yet. I don't know what I think about it yet. Because we can read okay, here comes a keyword we can read. Saturn as a limitation we can read Saturn as Something we need to do to stay alive. So simultaneously Aquarius becomes the thing we need to learn Aquarius Aquarius becomes our lesson. But there's a built-in limitation. All that is true. Keywords are not all that is true. It's a strange position to be in but It feels like life to me. That the thing we need the most is hard to get and there are perilous lessons and tests potholes. If you will that you will fall into on your journey on your spiritual journey. Now, I know I make fun of the language. I know. I've been around the block. I am skeptical. But this doesn't mean that I don't take it all very seriously as you probably know. The spiritual life the soul God what you believe what you hope for what you want why you're here all of that. I take very seriously. now if you want this podcast My humble storytelling experiment here if you wanted to continue share it. Share it on Twitter. Share it more than once mention it. Let it be known that it exists and what's going on here and then maybe they'll be more you know how it is. If there's people listening if there's company if there's feedback if there's people who give back donations accepted. If I get something for the energy be it Love or Money. There's a chance I can continue. All right. Almost 14 minutes. I'm going to go. And we'll talk again.