Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is to speak to and inFire regular folks through personal stories that being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted. Mm-hmm. All right, Dustin, Dustin Hensley, John Theobald back for episode 2 of the planted podcast and we have are very very good friend. Mr. Wesley Brooke. Hello? Hello, John Hill, Dustin. Hey, buddy, very glad you're here. It's our official first guest on the plaintiff to podcast could be happier about that. He's going to tell us a little bit about his background what he's up to today and share some With us too. Cool. Cool. Look, I think that's the plan right? I'm looking forward. Yeah, Eric's good deal. Well, big Dustin hands phone on tell Dustin turns phone off the podcast. It's already yeah, we're learning them. Yeah, tell us about your week Dustin. So it's been a good week. Yeah, my you know, it's been a good week. My wife was out of town. So I got to spend some time with the boys. Some of that was, you know, it was ups and downs, but I think through through, you know at the end of the week and up kind of And learning a little bit more about them knowing them a little bit better. How many days was she going? She was gone from she left first thing Monday morning and came back late Thursday evening. Oh, wow. Yeah, you really had some time alone. Yeah, we had some time and some time together. And like I said, some of that was good something. That was bad. Mostly good. Hopefully, well, probably, you know, probably good for me. They would probably tell a different story. Yeah. They're very firm on VA are ready for Mom to come back for sure. I'm sure yeah. It's bad cook. I could Hamburger Helper. Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah him up. That is a classic dad dish right there. We sat down at the table. We you know, we had a we had a family dinner one night. I felt good about I was real proud. Nice cool. Yeah and then so that was the yeah, that's pretty much what's going on. Miweek West. What about you? Well, I've been working on a property and turning it back around I Have some rentals and when somebody moves out a sometimes sometimes more work than others and I've been working on a house the last couple of weeks a lot of work and then I'm doing some work in my basement and finishing up some remodeling in my own home. And then I've got a lot of work that I do with sober living in Hamilton and and Cincinnati and we had a lot of meetings this week and I participated in some of that. So yeah, it's been a busy week. Yeah, we're going to get into that for sure about you John what's going on with you buddy? This was a little bit of a difficult week. Actually, we all three have a friend John Justice that passed away this week spent and they happen rather quickly. He went into the hospital on Friday somewhat unexpectedly. Went into a medically induced coma and never came out. His wife had called nested. I show up there. I went three days in a row, but they took him off life support on Tuesday. And I was there for that and I was he's thankful that I could be available and be there but that was a that was a very difficult to watch watch the family go through sure. I personally haven't experienced anything like that before amazing what these doctors? And folks in the ICU are doing with people dealing with with families and guiding everyone through and everything. They're doing to try to care for the individual. This is impressive but very very sad at the same time. So that was that was my wheat not to be too much of a downer, but certainly wanted to mention that we're hopefully going to have a celebration life for John here at foundations Community Church coming up pretty soon maybe in a week or two. Yeah, it really gives Pause when something happens like that and how quickly it's it's like it's unreal that they were here and now they're gone. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah unreal, I mean huge shout out to the you know to medical staff. I don't think they get enough. I think sometimes nurses and doctors kind of get the you know, the, you know brunt end of the stick, especially when it goes south, you know, it's like, but I think they never Can get enough thank so huge thanks to them. Yeah, and then always huge thanks to the foundation Community Church for opening its doors up. No question to ask they were fantastic as far as when it came to that. He didn't even bat an eye. He was like, absolutely that's special. Yeah. So then of course that's always tragic about jono's unreal. It's is really makes you think like man that dude was that work on Friday and then gone the next, you know, the next week it was Unreal it is yeah. All right be had around nothing prepares you for people departing. You know, I mean, it's a when when when babies are born there's a celebration and everybody's you know, and you kind of you know how to deal with that. It's not it's not uncomfortable, you know, but when somebody dies it it's it's strange. Its you don't know how to walk through that often, especially only if you haven't had that experience all that so Definitely. Yeah. let's get into a little bit of talking about your yourself West so Wes is Live in outskirts of Hamilton, Ohio and been there for quite a while your current role. You mentioned a little bit about that real estate investor property manager, you're the director of Greg's place, which is a sober living house in Hamilton, and then also recently appointed as the board chair for the Greater Cincinnati resource collaboration, which also focuses on Elaborating connecting the many sober living house has in the greater Cincinnati area, correct? That's correct. Okay. Hopefully we'll Circle back to that here in a little bit. But tell us a little bit about your background where you were born and a little bit about your family Dynamic. Okay? Okay. I I was born to single parent mother who was born in Okie Anna which isn't too far from here. That's where my family's from. Um, they were you know Keanu for probably over a hundred years and my mom went to Miami University and graduated. I graduated with a degree in education and moved to Dayton where she was employed by Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. It's a civil service employees. She was one of the first in the field of computer technology. She worked on the computer data processors as it keypunch operators. Later and other other things when she was in her 30s out of out of college and she was an extremely extremely intelligent woman. She never married. I was born in 61 and she was 40 at the time. So I was a late-in-life birth for her. Wow, not not planned. In fact, she carried me full term and she was such a small woman in stature. Nobody even knew she was pregnant. So so she was and like I said, she was just a new very very intelligent woman and she did things that women weren't supposed to do in nineteen fifty and sixty. She was she made the salary of a man at the time. She bought her own home in 61 when I was born by herself. I mean, she did some amazing things and and then the reason I mentioned all that is because when I was about three or four years old, she was let go from right? They forced her into disability retirement and the significance of that is that she took to drinking at that time to deal with it. I mean she I don't know why she didn't go anywhere else and try anything else. I don't know if it's because it forty or forty three with a small child. She thought how can I do that? I don't know she's going I can't ask her but so I was raised in a single-parent. Like environment that was you know, it had it had components that were really good. There were things that were really exceptional about my childhood and there were things that were just horribly traumatic. I mean she would get telephone itís and start drinking and and I remember hiding in the closet and five and six years of age, you know terrified because she's screaming on the phone at these people and and and at the same time then the flip side. Side of that is that you know, she was placed on a disability retirement and I remember seven and eight years old, you know coming home from school and seeing her with a pen and paper right now to budget for the month. And after all the bills were paid in the mortgage and everything else. There was ten dollars left for groceries for the month amazing and I never went hungry. So so, you know in spite of there was such a such a contrast between the good and the and the challenging My childhood, you know, I was a kid that was not sure of himself. I was I didn't have a father figure in the home at least two to to support me and encourage Me Guide Me and my mom was just not available. You know, where was that? He was he was married. So he was married to another woman. I didn't know this until they were both deceased believe it or not, but it's funny. Thing I called him but I knew him I met him he used to come once a month or something like that. He'd bring a sack of groceries in a bottle of bourbon as you were growing up. Yeah, I remember I remember him. He never engaged with me really he was he was like Santa Claus to me, you know, I mean, I looked at him like John Wayne, you know, but you know, he was no hero make no mistake about that. I mean, you know, I can't imagine he was probably I think 50 50 or 55 When I was born, I mean in married to another woman, so why I mean I get it I understand why I don't I don't have a tremendous amount of angst or you know resentment towards him or anything else at it is what it is and he was a player, you know, he went to Vegas he went on fishing trips and drinking he he that was that was just who he was, you know, my mom loved him. She was totally in love with him. She knew she would know. Know intuitively when he had heart attacks had probably three or four heart attacks in his lifetime. And when he had a heart attack, she would know it before a phone call came. She was that connected. Yeah, they had a connection. Yeah. So so, you know and when I was when I was born my grandmother my mom's parents my grandmother shunned my mother. She wouldn't see me. She was looked down upon for on frowned upon the family. The family never treated her well, you know and except for my uncle now tell you about my uncle Uncle Mike was like a father to me. He was he was a stand-up guy old German. He was a he served in in one of the wars and he worked for the signal Corps and when it came out of the war, he went to UC and studied Electronics. Acts and he became a TV radio repairman and he ran that business out of his home in Okie Anna for all of his life. He played organ. He was amused. He was a musician he played with bands and I got there's lots of stories I could tell about Uncle Mike but but never never a man lived closer to how Jesus lived in my Uncle Mike. I mean just a stand-up guy. Here's here's a story when when when my grandmother my grandmother. Made an arrangement with a cousin a distant cousin of ours. His name was Uncle Billy and the arrangement was Uncle Billy was like eight in his 80s and he couldn't care for himself anymore. So he said I'll give you my farm and in turn you take care of me until my dying day and my grandmother said that's that's fine. I'll do that. And so funny thing my grandmother died before Uncle Billy go out if okay, so my uncle my uncle Be in the man that he was stepped up took care of Uncle Billy with no payment. No benefit to him whatsoever took care of him until he died at a hundred and three years of age the last years of his life. He was he was in diapers. He was senile and my uncle cared for him in his home till his dying day. That's who my uncle was. Okay. Well I didn't say this in the beginning probably should have a West and I have known each other. For more than 20 years. I met him when I was just a teenager the first time coming in recovery and of all the family members that I've heard you talk about. I've heard you talk about your uncle more than anyone. I know how much he meant to you. And I didn't know that's I don't remember that story about Uncle Billy and being a hundred and three years old him caring for him. That's amazing when I was three my uncle came up to two Kettering because my mom hadn't wouldn't answer the phone and he came. After a few weeks, he came up to see what was going on because she wouldn't answer the phone. She was having a nervous breakdown and she was feeding me beer. I was three. Okay. He he took her to the doctor. She had been through shock treatment before and he took her to the doctor and the doctor wanted to put her back to shock treatments again. My uncle said no way I said no way he snatched both of us up took us to his home kept us there for six months and brought us through it brought. I threw that on his own and thank God for him. Yeah, I mean just just just a sweetheart of a guy, you know, yeah played the organ for the church for 70 years. I think never took a penny for it cathedrals in Cincinnati to ask him to come play said no, I got to take care of my church and Oceania and saw several. You got your musical interest, you know, he taught me to play piano when I was six we started learning the piano. I probably wasn't a very good student but but I did learn yeah. He gave me a foundation in music. You know, I later took up the saxophone and I played professionally for a number of years and still look back on that, you know, fondly but the one thing I've never seen you do is play the saxophone. I used to try to get him to but he you just wouldn't do it. I lost my horn and San Diego or no here knows in Florida. I lost my horn and in Florida and well there they don't give those away. Let's put it that wasn't out there. Not-not-not brother you had professional models. And yeah, that's but so yeah, I think I'll do it again someday. I love the blues. I played the blues played with some of the most talented musicians in the country in Kansas City years and years and years ago and just just an amazing experience. I played with a couple of guys called the McFadden Brothers Tom, Donnie, Donnie, Lonnie and Lonnie and Donnie McFadden. They have a world-renowned tap and dance routine their managed by Count Basie. Production. Wow, these guys have got more talent in the end of their little fingers than most of us have in our home extremity, you know and just played with them and a guy named Kenny Hudson at a at a place called the tuba in Kansas City and just amazing amazing musicians and people that I got to sit with it was it was really really powerful. So so anyways, I mean, so I was raised, you know by my mother in that atmosphere and And I sustained a lot of Trauma from it. You know, I was a kid that wasn't didn't fit in socially I had friends but I didn't fit in well at school. I experienced a lot of bullying and about the time I got into junior high school, you know Midway through Junior High I discovered that there was this Clique of people that if you were to go out to this little wall before school and smoke cigarettes with them your you were accepted and you know, I was just dying to be except. Yeah down the end. Yeah, and that's that's really where it started and I started smoking, you know marijuana about that time. And and and I I didn't, you know at that time for the first what three four years. So let's say freshman sophomore junior even into my senior year in high school. I didn't have consequences. I had a I had fun, you know, I fit in finally at guys it would stick up for me. I was a You know a small kid. I wasn't a fighter. I I was I was I was easy prey right put it that way. So, you know with this new Clique of people I was I finally felt safe. I think that's what it was more than anything else. And then when I discovered alcohol, it was like, you know, what have you guys been higher than this? How soon after you started smoking pot? Did you find alcohol? But well, you know, you found it at 3 years old. Yeah, yeah, probably I think the first time I drank and got drunk so to speak I think I was probably 13 and I you know, I was like I didn't want to I didn't really want to do that again at that point but it 15 I drank again and didn't get sick and didn't black out the first time and but it was like, oh my God, this is this is what I've been looking for, you know, and and we had a lot of fun. I mean I could tell you stories for hours of all the fun. We had we did we had a lot of fun. We had a great camaraderie had a great group of guys that I ran around with and and so but by 19, you know that that whole thing turned on me and I was suicidal at lost a job that that meant a lot to me. I was going nowhere. I I I wanted to die and I could Drink enough to make the pain go away any longer. So we'll talk you talked about trauma a little bit and you just talked about some pain and you haven't mentioned yet. But your mom got really sick when you were late teen. Yeah when I was 17, my my my mom had a cancer operation when I was 13, I think 12 or 13 had a radical breast mastectomy, and then she'd receive radiation and chemotherapy for a couple of years, but it Five years. I don't know what happened because she didn't tell me but I do know that the doctor put her back in for an experimental chemo therapy and and at 17. My mom died when I was 17 and the chemotherapies what get chemotherapy killed her in seven days. So it wasn't the cancer that killed her it was at the time, but I would only be assuming in guessing but I'm believing that it was probably. Stage born she was terminal and gonna die anyways soon but it was it was tragic. I mean I was so so lost, you know, and I was already a daily Drinker at 15. I was drinking daily. In fact, my mom used my mom used to buy me beer, you know at 15 believe it or not till I wrecked her car and you cut off I'm not buying you any more beer. So you just stayed inside the bottle you'd already climbed. In the Box she just stayed in it after yeah, I'm past. Yeah, it was not just drinking it was you know barbiturates were big then second all to and all, you know Quaaludes. We that that was our life, you know, and yeah, I was in I was in trouble from to get go, you know, there was never a break-in period for me. I was in trouble for the first time I drank it 15, you know, yeah, and so it was it was the Sir at the time but then it became the curse, you know share so so I came to recovery the first time when I was 19. I went into drug and alcohol treatment center in Hamilton called the Buckeye Center Gonzaga Hall and I was in detox through so I went through seven days a severe alcohol and drug withdrawal at at 19 and President Reagan. Ian was elected to office while I was in detox that I gives you a reference. Okay. Yeah. I came out of there and went back to Kettering and what to outpatient treatment and you know, I started on a path to recovery. I wasn't fully convinced of how how significant my problem was. So I didn't take all the measures that were probably To me at the time but I guess you could say since I was 19. I've been in recovery share know that's certainly one of the things that you and I have connected with is the getting into recovery at such an early age and what that means and some of the experiences that we've shared it's been it's been the tone of my life. You know, it's been I mean I had I had five years of sobriety at one time in Florida from time I was Was like 21 to 26 and and had a really really good life. I met my wife. My daughter was born. I had a small Home Improvement business and I had a really good life. I was really active in the community. We were active at the level of we went into the schools with public information Committee of 12-step Fellowship that I was a part of and we presented to kids, you know the risk and the Lunges and our experiences in addiction or whatever and so I did a lot of really good stuff. You know, I had a really good life, but you know speaking about that childhood thing something never got settled for me. Okay. So when you when you think about the idea of being buried in being planted, I mean, I I guess I was planted very young. I was planted at 19, you know, because I was I was suicidal I took a gun and Put it to my head when I was 19 before I got sober and I wanted to pull the trigger. I will wanted to kill the pain and I didn't know how because the alcohol wasn't doing it anymore, you know, and but speaking of the trauma piece. So I had this period of recovery for a number of years and did all the right things but something never got okay inside and in fact, I had some problems in Marriage and and I was hurt terribly through those those circumstances in the marriage and one day the idea came that I could probably just smoked a joint and it would be okay. So so when that happened it was it was Katie bar the door again, it was within six months. I had smoked crack with with someone and within a year, I lost everything and that was it. The most probably the most devastating period of my life for 12 years, I struggled in and out and in and out of recovery and took me places. I never ever dreamed of I mean, I became such a thief and a liar and such a such a piece of trash. I mean if you let me in I hurt you and I'm not talking about being Billy Billy badass. I'm just talking about if you let me into my in your life. I eventually I would put you in the position where you were hurt Tara. Whether it was emotionally physically monetarily I hurt you. And I took that all across the country. I'm not moved every time the rent was due every time if I got in trouble with the judge and he let me out. I was gone, you know, so you were going to stick around to see what would happen but speaking of that piece of the emotional trauma. I along the way somewhere in that 12 years. I did some work with a lady who had a PhD in rehabilitative therapies and she was an expert in childhood trauma and a COA work adult children's were and what I discovered in that was we did some actually added some hypnotic hypnosis regressive therapies with her and I did this with another guy to and some things that I started to recount that I had buried and not known about was when I was like five say Or six somewhere around there. I found my mom passed out on the floor drunk and I thought she was dead and this little kid that thought his mother had died. Okay crawled back inside and I decided that the world just wasn't a safe place. You can't when you were a child your parents are God and if you can't trust your parents you can you can Struggle for all of your life trying to do trying to build a relationship and our Reliance and dependence upon a power. You know, that's greater than you call it. God call it. Whatever you want. It. It is the most it was the most devastating piece of my entire life. And the thing that I struggled with until probably until I was 35 or so. I always believed in this, you know, power greater than myself and always believed in God. But I didn't trust God I couldn't because you can't trust God that's what that little boys new staircase. Oh, wow. So, you know what one of the things that she did with me was she said, you know, we've got to go back and get in touch with that little boy and we've got to start developing a relationship with him and tell him we have to convince him that it's okay. Now we're going to take care of you, you know, you're not alone any longer and and and that little piece was a Difficult, I didn't get you know, sober and clean and straighten out everything at that point, but it was a piece of the puzzle. So I think when you talk about being planted it was like I got pruned several times along the way, you know a lot there were lots of little pieces that didn't come out of once, you know, they came it came a piece at a time. There was another piece that came I was incarcerated in 1995 in Atlanta, Georgia and Marietta for felony cocaine possession and I had been doing this in and out thing a recovery for like I don't know eight years 10 years at the time something like that. And I had said that because I had a real fundamental problem with Christianity and that I accepted Jesus as a as a great man, but I wouldn't see him as a Son of God. He wasn't Lord of my life at it. I just and and I thought Christianity was so lawd because they picked and decided what went into the Bible at the Council of nicaea, you know, and and that they left out all these other pieces and they so I had all these problems with Christianity, but I thought my my first wife had had a piece of this too because she always suggested that if I just knew Jesus I would be okay and I was so at made me so young everybody evil made me so mad how dare you and you know, and you know, I mean it Not to say that, you know, she had this good life and I was like I'm struggling, you know, but and I'm not taking care of any of my responsibilities. But at any rate what happened was I decided that you know, I said to myself if I come back to recovery. I'm going to try this Christian thing, you know, and so I sent a request to see the jail chaplain and a couple days later I get called out on my cell and I'm thinking how cool it's the bondsman. It's come to getting you know, because I'm incarcerated in Atlanta, Georgia. I don't know anybody. I don't know if you know if you're not from there. You don't know anybody. You don't get out of jail. That's how it works. Okay, so so I'm thinking well here comes the bondsman, you know, and so I said, you're the bondsman right? And this big old fellow. It's name was Hutch. He says, well, he says I'm a different kind of bondsman West he says step on into this room here. So we step into this little broom closet, right? He's I'm the jail chaplain and something happened. I can't explain it. I was ready. I was just ready. I was so defeated. I was absolutely surrendered and I accepted Jesus as my Lord and Savior at that time and I had a powerful powerful Deliverance experience and it was a piece though again of the puzzle. It wasn't the answer but it was a piece but what happened was that that block? Blockage that wall that that I had built as a child. Okay remember about not being able to trust that wall finally fell down all the way and I accepted, you know, this power greater than myself as my Lord and Savior and I surrendered myself unequivocably, you know do that and so I would like this. I wish I could say that you know, that was the answer and that I lived happily ever after but it was actually another three years before I came. Back to this recovery that that I've currently sustained at this point for the last Almost 22 years. So there were a lot of pieces, you know, there was the piece of finding the recovery piece that was important of dealing with the childhood trauma that was important of surrendering, you know and finding this relationship with God call it Christ Call It Whatever You Want From Me Jesus is Lord of my life. I claim that that's mine. I don't I don't don't push that on anybody else. That is I don't I don't need for anybody else to accept that that that's what I love about where God has brought me is that I don't need this to be for you. I need it to be for me, you know, so all of these pieces together and then come into recovery this time and all of the wonderful wonderful people that have been a part of that you and you both as well. I'm just got such an amazing life. You know, I I can't even begin. I'm so overpaid. I've had so much good fortune. I've got good health. I have a wonderful wonderful relationship in the community with with men and and with the ability to work with others and help others. I just I don't I don't know how my life could be any better Jerry honest with you. So you come in you get sober how long you been sober be 22 years on May 17th, unbelievable. Unbelievable to God. Yeah, Florida, you know a lot of other people so you want to talk a little bit about Greg's place and what that is. Yeah. So, well, you know my first the first guy that I used as a sponsor but 40 years ago. He's he tells me that I talked about this idea years ago about building a treatment center. I'm glad you're bringing this up because I wanted to tell him that Yeah, yes name was was Ed and he lives out in Kansas City now and he was just just an amazing amazing guy. You know, he's he's just such a powerful powerful part of my life. There isn't a day that goes by that there isn't something that had taught me that doesn't, you know, come to surface and come to light in my life. So he tells me about how I talked about that then so one of the dreams was to build a tree Command Center that was 12-step based and you know God kind of took that desire and reshaped it a little bit there's this book and I can't think of the name of it right now. But in the book, it makes a reference to the place where your greatest talents meet up with the world's greatest need and that's what happened with Greg's place was we found a Day that we had talked about for a number of number of years about finding a place where we could just have like a sober, you know house was just our idea. And finally that opportunity came along, you know, I mean, there was all these Miracle stories in one of them is in that is that we made an offer on this property and it was perfect for what we want to do as far as a sober living house went and it are off. Offer wasn't accepted. There was another offer that was accepted. I don't know if you remember this or not. Yeah, when he's talking about we he's talking about John and West we were at that time. We were in a real estate business together and we had purchased 20 plus properties that we had renovated and rented out and Wes had started talking to me about the treatment center idea, but then we had a conversation about maybe being mean in real estate and being tied to Recovery that may be sober living was was something and I do I remember standing in that house on C Street going. I I think this might be what Wes is talking about right here man. It was just it was perfect, you know, but it was funny because we made that offer and it went pending in and we weren't the one that got it. Yeah, you're devastated all I was like, you know, oh God, I can't believe this, you know, and at the end of the day, we got an email or it was it could have been the end of the day or the next day. Maybe you've got a better recollection than I do that that we got an email or a call that says your offer has been accepted. I think I thought it was a joke, maybe yeah our mistake and it was like I just feel like this so strongly that God said like no no this one belongs to us and John, you know, and that's the way I see my life. That's the way that I see the world today. I just know the unmistakable hand to God. I just know it in my life today, you know when things like that happen. Don't talk for a minute about the condition of this house, sir. Yeah, it was nasty. All the electrical had been taken out of this property. It's a big house. This was a this was a probably an Executives house for Champion International Paper back in the 50s 60s somewhere around there some gorgeous house. Somebody had turned it into a four unit apartment building, but then that landlord must lost the house and decided that they were going to take I guess all the copper all the electrical the doors and I think he even tried to come back later and sell you the doors back after we won the summer the panel of the handles. Yeah. Oh man. That was nice guys. Get on out of here buddy. But this house was a mess and Wes and a friend of ours Jerome spent hours and weeks and months inside this house a whole year. Just making it what it is today, which is Rock Solid beautiful. Property absolutely, they really poured their heart and soul into that that that place and then Wes you obviously have cared for it. It was a little bit of a struggle getting started. It was it was an it's been an amazing journey, but I mean, I had a fellow, you know, we finished the house and we opened Greg's place and I had an idea about you know, sober living and what it should be like and they do did a lot of reading and studying and you know, sober living is got aspects of all kinds of different. Things that are necessary to operate it successfully and I mean being a landlords part of it being somebody that's a peer supporter of people in recovery. That's part of it being a bit of a therapist or having some type of knowledge or Vision or understanding about psychology and people in relationships. All of these things are just you can't be one without the other and do the successfully least not Opinion, but I had a man named Ivan fast that actually mentored me and brought me up in this thing and I haven't actually sat at the chair that I said at sit out now with the recovery resource collaborative and in Cincinnati, and that was Ivan's baby. I even brought brought that collaborative to life and that's a collection of all of the most experienced Sober Living homes in Greater Cincinnati Prospect towels. Serenity Angie's house of Freedom First Step Womens sober living ink and I'm probably missing some but but these people have you know years and you Charlie's 3/4 these people have years and years of experience. So so I got got in together with them and I even taught me, you know, just how to setup and establish a successful house and you know, First year at just ate my lunch. I mean these guys they challenged me. I I'm telling you, you know part of it was you fill the house because you you need to make the dollars to make make the thing run because you know, these things don't support them themselves without men unless you're a 501c3, you know, you can go out and solicit for Grants and funds I never had that Vision. I that's not what I wanted. I want the men that stay there to be the supportive element of the The financial stability of the house and I got to tell you the truth is that from day one? We've never we've never not made the rent and utilities, you know on the home and the cost to sustain it. So we've never asked anybody for anything. The community has been very supportive Greg. We've named named the house after Greg Cox who was a member of 12-step recovery. He was a We're in Hamilton and the area and helped thousands of men and women and just was in a just an amazing guy a wonderful wonderful man, and we thought that there could be no better way. It was just we knew when we when we came up with we sat down to talk about the name and we were both he was number one. It was there was no question about who that house needed to be named after so Marcus brother is invested a lot of time. And energy and his mother Doris who's passed now, but Doris was just just absolutely honored by the fact that we named that house after Greg and couldn't have been more more more tickled, you know, so so it's been a great thing. I mean, I've watched Men come in here to the house now and you know men that didn't have a pot to you know, what in or a window to throw it out of That were in so much trouble with the law and their families. They were estranged and their children were talking to them and they will child support and they're not employable and and and they hate life and hate themselves and I watched I mean one man in particular now and it won't mention any names but I watched him come in. He was suffering from the delusions of meth meth use of I'm having trouble finding the word. Of methamphetamine. Yeah of psychosis. So he was he was he was experienced terrible psychosis his family had, you know, they were done with him and I just watched this guy start picking up the pieces one by one and following simple instructions, you know, and being able to encourage him and help guide him through that. You know, I always say this there's nothing higher Then being able to affect another man's life. There's there's nothing higher in this world. If you were able to do that and you can go to your grave with that you I think you've done more than more than you could expect, you know, you have certainly done that I know in Dustin's life you've impacted him greatly and certainly with mine. We've got probably should have led off with all the different stories, but maybe a few of those things in here in a few minutes. But yeah, you're definitely living it. It's been a blessing. You know, I'm currently working with the Mars board on a unofficially they've they've received a grant for Sober Living homes and they've extended that opportunity out to different providers. And and so I'm kind of working with them to help try to establish a collection or a collaborative here in Butler County as well for Sober Living homes. There's a there's a model that is Provided by Ohio recovery housing which sets standards and and establishes what different levels of recovery housing different houses are Gregg's places a level 2. That means that we're monitored and we have a we have we have guidance and a house manager, but I don't live on site and the men they're, you know, they really take care of each other and they're accountable to one. Another and they have that peer support and peer accountability to one another that that helps keep keep a stable house. I don't know what else I can say about it. It's very Rock Solid and I witnessed some of these guys how they police themselves and hold themselves accountable and they respect Wes incredibly. I also really love and respect you for making this essentially Self supporting that you're teaching these men how to be responsible because many of them coming through there they live in pretty wild and I guess mooching off of everyone else. Yeah, there's fellows that have never paid rent. They've never cook their own meals at never done their own laundry. I mean that the chores that you make them do the basic needs right at the basic requirements and that takes them to that next level of being contributing members of society. Versus a drain and a parasite on society besides the fact that you know, that recovery is the most important piece of this thing that you got to have that before you can do anything else. I mean we look at where a fella is with this education if he needs his GED or something like that, we provide the path and and the support to make that happen. I've got a guy that's just passed four out of five of this test. We're just terribly excited for him. He's just a he's just an amazing amazing young man, you know, and this is a kid that came off of Streets, he he lived a life that was you know marginal at best. I mean a very difficult upbringing and a very difficult past, you know, and and seeing what's happening with him and it was amazing. We brought in Ohioans with occupational disabilities OD recently and they are working with these men wherever they're at if they're looking for work to help them find work if Looking to determine what their career path should be. They have occupational testing that they'll provide for them if they decided what they wanted to do and they want to go back to college or trade school. They will help with the financing of that. So there's all kinds of new opportunities that have opened up through that part. I won't say partnership but through that relationship with OD that I'm really excited about, you know, so which I try to look at the whole person. And not just the addiction because you know, a lot of lot of times our fellow will get get his life together and get cleaned up and doing the right thing but he's unsatisfied in his life. He has not challenged. He has no Direction. He has no goals and these are all the things that we try to make sure that our a piece of our process there that we have goals structure that we have the support that we're looking at all of the things that allow a man to feel comfortable in his own skin and good about its life. So you mentioned a couple times the word pruning. I love that every said you were buried and then you were planted right at at 19 and God's been pruning you ever since and I'm really just I just love that. I think hopefully will probably take that and use that a little bit sure. I want to know little bit about what you think and gods obviously not done yet do you have any vision for the immediate future anything on the horizon and then also is there anything else you wanted to share from a from a miracle standpoint about how God's really impacted your life and blessed you you know it's funny because I've I've been I've been very goal-oriented all through my recovery here and I've had all these things that I've wanted To accomplish and do and and I got to tell you the truth 99% of them have come to pass. You know, I one thing that my first sponsor taught me I think was this idea of establishing goals and putting things on paper and what I found what I found to be true in my life is that anything that I've ever set to papers come to pass wow and everything I mean in and I can go back I can go back 30 40 years and and show you things on paper that have come to pass in my life. You know, I've I've got a few stories that that I'd like to share about the Miracles if I could, you know, one of these please and one of the one of the early early on stories would be I had had this job. I was I was working for ferrin's tree surgeons in Florida, which was They're underground underground buried wire Division. I was very in wire for general telephone of Florida. And and so one day in this was early early in my recovery and my relationship with God and just not being you know, I was taught to pray but I wasn't sure that anything was really happening with that or not. But I was out in the country out in Myakka city and Berry and wire and I was going too fast with this Digger this Digger machine that I was running it was case many sneaker. And and I flipped the machine and this is a I don't know five thousand pound machine. It's it's nothing you're going to pick up, you know by itself. I didn't have a tow chain all the hydraulic fluid leaked out. The gas leaked out. I mean and it was the middle of the afternoon about three o'clock in the afternoon. It was Florida. It was hot a hundred and ten in the shade and I just went to my track I was devastated. I was like, I have no idea what I'm going to do and I just I prayed I said God help me God help me. I didn't have it. I couldn't I did have a telephone and a and I hooked hooked up to one of the Bell boxes and I called my supervisor. I told him I said I'm down. I've turned my machine over and I'm down for the rest of the day, but I didn't know how to get ahold of my direct supervisor for the company. So I got my truck and I went to sleep. I was I think I was just so Depressed and devastated that I just I just want to sleep just can't deal with this. Just go inside light was my I didn't know what else I couldn't leave the machine there. I didn't know what to do, you know, so I wake up and hear down this drive and I mean I am I'm I'm probably two miles where the road signs if ended past the road signs. Okay, Alpha Myakka see Central, Florida. It's a very hard floor. So anyways Here Comes this truck and it's here. It is my Supervisor from ferrans and him and another guy from Bradenton had just just by chance had run into my supervisor at a gas station in Bradenton and my GE GTE supervisor told him he said hey, you know Wes has as he's in trouble and they said where is he? Well, we're not sure they weren't even really sure where I was but the guy that lived in Bradenton and he knew the countryside like nobody else. Well, they drove up there. Had the hydraulic fluid to gas to toe chains. They had everything I needed and I just remember looking up and thinking man. Maybe you are real. Mmm. You know Mmm Yeah, it was a powerful powerful demonstration for me. You know, another one was in in Atlanta Georgia. I had run from probation years ago and back when I got sober I think 20 what 22 years ago I had warrants in five states. So I mean I was if the judge ever let me go. I was gone you'd see me again. And so I'd gone back to try to take care of this thing. And and they they didn't want to they didn't want to do anything for me. They wanted me to serve two years and 10 months. You know, this was felony cocaine possession, but it was residue, you know, and but they were serious about it. So I finally I'd saved a lot of money not not drinking and using and so I paid this attorney a lot of money to get me a real sweetheart deal and and I went and I took care of Of that and I did that because I wanted to get my Florida contractors license. So here's another another another example, so I contacted Florida construction licensing industry and they said well, you know, it used to be that if you were convicted felon, you couldn't be a contractor, but that's not true. Any longer. We take it on a case-by-case basis. You'll have to appear before the board after you've done your testing done your application and been approved and passed the test. And so I went through their whole process and taking taking the bore the taking the what is it means am well, I'm thinking about the comparison of passing the attorneys those like the bar exam or exam passing. The bar exam is has some real similarities to the construction licensing board exam for the state of Florida. Be a contractor they don't you don't do they don't give those licenses away. I'll promise you that. So anyways, I go through that whole process and I was supposed to go before the board and it was stated to me that I would be placed on probation for the first year if they accepted me as a contractor and then I could be instated as a full contractor after that. So I take this test. I did exceptionally. Well I passed all the Asked I applied I met all the requirements except for the fact that I was convicted felon, so I'm waiting around and waiting around for the board to send me a letter so that I can go appear before the board and weeks go by and two months goes by and I'm thinking it's been too long, you know something so and so I get on the computer and I do a search on the construction industry licensing board for contractors. Just just I don't know why I looked at David I did and there. Was Wesley jail, I Brooks certified building contractor and it was so I didn't even had it was like again, here's another circumstance in my life where I feel like God said, no, we're not going to worry about that Wes and you know total control and so and so you feel that love and that support of a power greater than yourself and and that's I don't know if that's just Outlook and if that's reality or not, but it is for me. It's my reality. You know, let's go back for just a minute because I wanted to make sure we hit on this one of the boldest bravest moves I've ever seen anyone take is when you walked back into that jail in Atlanta, Georgia. You you kind of just glossed over that for a minute, but you walk you did that when you had been a number of years in recovery 7 years 7 years in recovery, your life had been established. You've got a business that you're running several several relationships with friends. And family met you you were established involved in the community and you walked back into a jail cell really faced and how long two years two months and no real promises, but some ideas that this wasn't going to be 2 years and 10 months, but tell us a little bit about how that were. You know what you experience I said, I paid an attorney a lot of money to find a way to get through it and he thought he could you know, but there's no guarantees. Once you surrender yourself you're at their mercy, and that's just the way it is and Believe me, you know, if you think they do what they say. They're going to do my were thinking again, that's not always the case, you know, and so yeah, it was it was tremendously frightening it was but I'll tell you know what the funny thing is. I've never been able to have a steak dinner on the way to jail. Make sure you did that what I did that day. Yeah, I turn myself in and I was terrified he spent seven days. I think it was about a week and then they instated my probation for like two years. I ended up with the probation officer from hell. She was all my God. I mean, I've been sober and clean for seven years and every time I walked in, you know, she treated me like I just come from the crack house, you know, and and I get it that's just, you know her perspective on people. Yeah. I asked her for a letter when I was when I was applying for my contractor's license. If she wouldn't give me a letter for how I you know how she had It's me and and how I had done with her and on probation. And so what she starts out this letter the above-named defender. It's going to go a little like thanks. Thanks. A lot of grip we wrap that one up. But yeah, what a miracle, you know, I mean here again, you know, I never got what I deserved. I mean the bottom line is that so, you know, here's another another piece of well, another another thing that I was thinking about related to that is that at the time I didn't know how I was going to take care of that attorney. You know, I mean, I didn't have a big bag of money sitting around, you know, and I remember my my ex-wife actually at the time offering to pay it for me and I said, no, I can't accept that and she said well, why don't you just You know put it on a credit card and pay him half and trust God for the rest, you know, and I thought well, I guess I could do that, you know, and the funny thing was was once I made that commitment to follow through and I did that all of a sudden a job sold down there for me. It was like, I don't know $35,000 job or something like that. And and so once I made that commitment, that's when God showed up, but God I feel like I needed to make Make that good faith movement step first. And and when I did that everything that I needed was just like we so often say, you know, the table was set, you know, everything that I needed was there so, it's great Wes. You've come a long long way and I've got a feeling it's it's almost like we're just getting started still so much more good to do and can't wait to see what other blessings and miracles come in your life and then also, Lives of other people around you when I met you in 1998. I was just a teenage kid and West was just back into recovery. He would travel before that. He was traveling around in his house. I mean, he came through in his house and then he when I met him he was living in a little house. He moved up a little bit get him a little house. But as he likes to often say the windows and the doors were extra at that house 521 Miami's here as As an interesting spot and today he lives out on a farm with about 5 Acres. I think it's gorgeous and it's not about the material stuff. We know that I'm not saying that but those are byproducts of living right and doing right and he certainly invested in made that happen for himself. Man, we've had we've had some really good times to Wes and I have been started making a list of some of the places. We've been we started out camping together at Governor bed and went out to Clifty Falls on a regular basis. We've taken multiple trips to Florida when he reunited with his ex-wife and his daughter Leah got to go down and meet both of them that that's been fantastic. We've done that a couple of times. We've been to New York City together. Yeah. We took a long drive out to New York City with their friend and I was only I don't know 1990 20 maybe something like that and I had never driven in a big city like that other than you know downtown Cincinnati but he was a little bit more experience so he and the other guy drive all the way out there and then we get to the city and they go all right your turn I've been navigate this little stick shift inside New York City and we've been to San Antonio Atlanta so we've traveled we spent some time together then beside from being best friends we've been business partners to we spent ten years building a business together and it got to a point where it was time to the market changed and my career path went one way and your interest were going other where you were very heavily involved with Grace placement decided maybe it's time to split this and we've been able to do that that was a couple of years back and here we here we are still mean it was most business Partnerships I don't that I hear about don't end as well as they have for us and I did speaks to therapy on our relationship again speaks to live in a principled life no doubt indefinitely I think that that's really the necessary ingredient you know yeah well it's been really interesting for me to be able to watch both of you in recovery and especially the way that business separated I actually when I heard that you guys were separating the business I was like oh man it's just going to get weird like beneath you know are these you know these two are my buddies just going to get awkward am I going to have to you know pick and I'll tell you what there hasn't been one moment of awkwardness animosity it's been good it's been really cool to watch you to operate through that as well as being an example in recovery and speaking to just Wes you know here because we are having him on as a guest I he is such a leader in Hamilton recovery I'm so thankful for him for not getting his and leaving sure man he lot of people do that yeah they do and whatever I yeah I try not to judge that or whatever that's what it is but this guy I'm so thankful for him for sticking around and I mean I look at him as a trunk of the tree that's been planted and all the other branches coming off of it but it's very visual yeah yeah really is because and I'm not trying to toot his horn blowing him up or anything like that but there's he really affects the he was talking about affecting another man's life and with what he's dicks around and just you know standing in the Gap and the things that he's doing with Greg's place and the board and all that the directly or indirectly he touches so many people's lives in recovery it's unbelievable you want to talk Miracle stories that's the miracle he's also the best person to go out to dinner with yeah Wes is a perfectionist okay listen we were when we were working on properties and whatnot there was Zero cutting Corners I mean the only the one of the main reasons I partnered up with Wes to is that I don't know anything about construction right I knew real estate and finance and and that kind of thing and saw opportunities but Construction I don't get it yeah I can't I barely hammer a nail in right and I would say why can't you just go around it this way and there were no shortcuts ever if you want something done done right Wes as the guy especially if you want your dinner right at Texas Roadhouse or Longhorn anything like any because if it is not perfect we're getting that for free I was like he's going to tell you the truth how's your steak house too It sells for you, you know alone along with that though. I got one more should I got one more story can can can come on so we don't end this isn't 700 W. So this goes along with the whole contractor's license in Florida. So I got my license. Okay, and I start I start working in Florida and I got it in 2007 and so I'm licensed to build anything commercial or residential up to three stories, and I'm Still Florida contractor, but I'm not active but at any rate, I got my license just in time for the bottom to fall out so that last year the so that first year and last year for me that I operated in Florida. I the first big big project that I am looking at is a $450,000 design build remodel. It's an addition. Okay for a couple in Winter Haven, Florida and and that's when the bear Stearns sting hit and right then. the values went they dropped 32% like I mean over and over night okay so so the properties no no no longer able to Warrant what they want to have to borrow on it and that so I watched a $450,000 contract evaporate in a week okay we're in the worst state at the worst time then behind that we got a we've got a design-build contract with Port of Tampa to build a building for them and it was probably I don't know three hundred fifty thousand dollar contract and in evaporated so I'm sitting there and within six months I've watched a million dollars worth of contracts evaporate okay I don't know what I'm going to do so I come up here to go to a retreat right and John you know John was there and John said you know investors are flocking from all over the country to the Midwest to buy properties for pennies on the dollar he says are you interested and I said well I I don't know I don't know if I'm interested or not and he said well he said I built he said I've built a product for the credit union and it's an investment rehab loan program and it'll provide you the money to make the purchase make the rehab and then convert it to a regular mortgage after after you're done he said they've encouraged me to use it he said are you interested and I said well I don't know you know can you can you give me a sweeter deal you know no money e out of your pocket oh yeah yeah did I mention you don't have to bring any money so we said you know yeah let's give it I didn't know what else I was going to do I mean I'm not working I'm I don't have a lot of commitments but I don't know what I'm going to do I've watched all this stuff evaporates so anyways it wasn't what I wanted at the time however it was on paper that I mentioned that before it was on paper buying properties and developing real estate portfolio of rental properties okay and so what a didn't want to do and what I was forced to to do has become one of the biggest blessings of my life because a man in the ensuing what eight years after that we started in oh no no 9 o-- 9 o-- 9 and we did that to what about 1750 well I guess Greg's place was the last she Street was the last one so till 17 think so officially getting okay so for you know the next what seven eight years was the most amazing Financial transformation of my life I at what for five years and I think I was really semi-retired I'm glad I didn't have to work and still am today I mean I semi-retired I can't Envision a day I don't work I love working you know I love working with my hands and I love working with my mind and my heart too and I'm sure it's you really get to choose what you want to do oh man I you know I just I think I've got it made I've got it so got it made I get up in the morning and most of the time is not all the time but I pick what I want to do today you know what an amazing amazing thing that God has provided absolutely so now so you know what I thought was one of the biggest curses of my life became one of the biggest blessings Essence and the other thing to use you know initially when we when we bought our first property together I didn't want to go together but but the bank said no you by yourself we're not doing it and it was I was forced into this direction and had it not been for you there is no way I would be where I'm at today well it's mutual vice versa is no doubt about it because like I said I don't swing a hammer I've learned a lot and I can eyeball some things now Almost guide you on what to do. I still can't do it myself there. Well the wife can that's she can hide out about she puts everything together in the house and I would be remiss if I didn't should just share one more thing and that is is that you know about five five and a half almost six years ago. I met my current wife and she's just the most amazing woman that I've ever known and she's perfect for me. Yeah, and she's so sweet. She is she's very she's are a great match. His social worker and she's got such an amazing perspective on things ISO value, you know, it's so funny because so many times, you know, you hear men and women in relationships and a man talking about she's just she's she can't see this or she can't see that or she doesn't she looked and I just love her perspective, you know, and we have got such a great life together. We bought this Farm here a few years to go together and I just never I guess I never could have imagined things being this good you know and how blessed I am and you know my mother was my mother never married you know we're talking about last week he got her talking about a little bit about sins of the father kind of thing yeah about how things get my mother never married my uncle never married so my two primary Role Models at my childhood never married why I've been married three times so I thought I saw I certainly surpassed that and I healed that piece right out but this lady here she's just she is she's the greatest greatest blessing of my life and I'm tremendously tremendously grateful for for her and for what I've been afforded with her she's a great person you really really Molly yeah I have all these great for you to a daughter in Florida and she's she's your age and that's the funny thing about John and I is that John's my daughter's age and we've been best friends 20 22 years my daughter's in Florida and she's married to a wonderful man his name is Josh and Josh is just Josh is just as good as they come just a good a man as ever come down the road and have two beautiful grandchildren my granddaughter Eva is 7 and gauges for and they just adore their grandpa you know I didn't share this earlier but you know I walked out of my my daughter's life when she was 6 just like you get up and walk out the door and I was a deadbeat dad I was estranged and removed from her for almost 10 years now was three years into my recovery before I made a reconnection with her and I was prepared for the fact that she may never speak to me again you know but that isn't the way it went you know and few years later I got to walk that little girl down the aisle and today we've got an amazing relationship I they love their grandpa and and I get to spend some time with them a couple of times a year they're in Florida and it's not the way that I would like for it to be but what a blessing and there again so much more than I ever deserved and so fortunate yeah awesome West thanks so much for coming in here and telling your story shall we couldn't have picked a better person to kick this thing off for us we've got so much history and such a great relationship you did a fantastic job thank you thank you thank you yeah absolutely man I can sum it up any better than that thank you Miss awesome great great story of redemption and come back and buried planted pruned awesome cool yeah thank you guys yeah thank you Dustin when you have any final thoughts some announcements yeah I mean I did my final thoughts were I kind of shared them a few minutes ago with the with the the tree trunk and the branching off with him so I think that if you have any final thoughts you can share those and okay we'll just end with some announcement then and so just kind of a reminder that we are live from Foundation Community Church which is Trenton Ohio 100 South Boulevard church service starts here Sundays at 10:45 come join us this coming Sunday for sermon series part 3 of healthy things grow and and also don't forget that there is a stain surrendered AA meeting that starts Monday nights at 7:00 and that's all I got man awesome Wes thanks again yeah I'm Dustin we're to the next one keeping it real keeping it real we'll keep on keeping on great job peace thanks