Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it with me. me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists. We just have a lot of opinions. We like to Them to you you can do what you want with them. But if you don't like them, we don't want to hear about it. Emma's upset about the sound quality. I just need to put that out there. I don't have time to you know, Emma. I can't comfort you. We just have to go ahead and do the Pod next time you'll have two microphones or don't show up because you are a professional and you can do better than this. Okay. Thank you for that vote of confidence. How was your weekend? Oh, I have not done much with my Weekend at all. Okay. What about you Friday? I didn't do anything. It was very nice. I haven't had a Friday night not doing anything in a long time. And then yesterday I worked out and what else did I do? You went out last night with some girlfriends? I did I went out last night with some girlfriends and I got not sober and inebriated. I yeah, I got inebriated. It was very very And the bar that we were at was playing Jackie Chan old Jackie Chan movies from like I'm guessing this 70s his nose with music. Well, like the club was playing music. So the movies are just silent. So what I was absolutely mesmerized and I want to watch all of them. Were you sitting and watching them or Majesty? I was literally standing in the middle of the Dance Floor watching the that's when I knew I needed to go home. We're your friends with you. Yeah. And they were just like everyone needed to go home. Were you doing an Uber / lift? Yes. I was first Saudi found them. It has gotten like the Uptown kids of Dallas have taken over Deep Ellum and getting out of there. There's such strict rules with boobers and lifts now like they block off every street and you can you get to choose from like three engines has or three meet up points and Deep Ellum that you can meet you. Brr, and it's very upsetting and so I had an Uber driver on his way and he is acting like he never ever picked anyone up from Deep Allen before and maybe he hasn't I don't know about that. He had like five stars. Remember that night. You asked Daddy and me to meet you down there. I don't know what you were doing. And we said, okay, we'll come over and you were like very excited because we never stay out past 10 or something. We get down there and the droves of people and the traffic and we go about maybe one block. Lock and your father's like nope. We're out. I'm going home. Yes, and we let me turn around my I don't think so designated areas. And so the flows better. Yeah, if you know what you're doing if you know what you're doing, but so anyway bottom line is I had to cancel on him because he could not get his fucking act together and they charged me $5 because cancellation fee and then I got a lift and he was there in two minutes what he's doing anyway, and then today I did a really fun thing with this local. Amy called beatnik. They have the cutest clothes in the owners. So cool. And I'm going to go in every month and do a little try on session. Try on haul show show you guys what's cute and new is that going to be on Instagram? It is going to be on it's just everything's on Instagram seeing you on there with that one other time. Yeah. Yeah. I did it back in November. And so I went back in today and we're going to make it a monthly thing. Now. I love this are very excited while you were doing all that. I was sitting here computerized. Is it okay and waiting for you to show up computerizing is what Ellen calls surfing the web? That's right and I could get lost all day. I go down so many right you and me. Both rabbit holes rabbit holes of knowledge rabbit holes in deedily dick. Okay. Am I? Oh another very exciting thing that I did today. I have not told you this mama or you guys so there is an I used to go to LA Fitness all the time. I remember and what And over in that area and living over in Oak Cliff, like there just doesn't seem to be anything over there. But I so it's a really good place to live, right it is it is it's coming. Yeah. Listen, it's coming up because Lindsay the owner beatnik was we were talking about my training and stuff and she was saying oh, yeah. I'm thinking about signing up for LA Fitness and I was like, wait. What do you mean? There's is there an LA Fitness around here? She was like, yeah brand new one just open. It's like eight minutes from here. That's incredible. I know so I went over I was so excited. So like I work out at at my office gym because it's free but I want something that's closer especially for early mornings and the weekends so I don't have to drive into town. So I was so excited. I drove right over there. It is brand spanking new. It's off, Illinois Avenue. Do you have to get on the freeway or go through life? No just go through lights which like so it might make those eight minutes a little longer if I catch red lights. I did the whole way there today. I want to tell you something about lights. Oh, okay this week. I had the most incredible day. I was going from one end of not Town one end of where we live to the other to do an errand and I went through six red lights. No sick. I went through six green lights in a row not having to stop and I'm telling you it was excuse me. Hi. I'm getting very excited. I'm getting four clamps of dogs then when I got to where I I was going I was returning something and there was only one person in line in front of me like an early afternoon and that was very unusual. So where were you where are you turning something old - okay, and then I decided I needed some cupcakes at the bakery in that area and I going out on our Valentine's episode my right after Valentine's. Yes. Okay, so you didn't want to give it are time to that's right. I mean, I just don't know how I feel about that about what mention there. You should I don't want to because maybe they shouldn't have done what they did. So let me just finish this. Okay, it's not a big deal. So I was going to tell them. Well, you never know. I mean, you've got a lot of listeners and followers sure it's true. So I going to get the cupcakes because even though I just had them a few weeks ago. I needed another load and I wanted a cookie just to munch on at the time because I was starving and I look in the case and they don't have any but I see one on the display plate and I said you have any more of those and she said no, we're all out of them and I was like, well, I really need a cookie. I'm hungry and she said well Well, we won't have them baked for two hours. And I was like, I can't wait that long. Thank you for the cupcakes pay my bill. Leave the store go next door to run into a little shop and see if there's anything I need which I didn't come back out. I'm crossing the parking lot and I hear somebody going ma'am ma'am. And I was like are they talking to me? And I turn around its the lady that waited on me in the bakery. She's holding a bag up in her hand and she says to me I was mistaken. We had some cookies in the back. The back and like it was freezing and she came running out without a coat or anything just her apron and her clothes off and I was like you didn't need to do this. This is so nice of you and so I start scrambling through my purse and let me pay you and she goes. Oh no and she backs up and she says just have a nice afternoon. And I'm sorry that I made that mistake and I was stunned. I mean that was like the most incredible day because you don't get those very often you don't especially as that cookie was so good. Oh my God, what kind of cookie was it was a shamrock shaped cookie. Iced and then it had little sprinkles all around the edge of the shape of the Shamrock. No, I do not. I feel like you're lying. No if I did I would have eaten it. That's amazing. I'm very happy for you. Thanks for what I was saying. I love cookies. What are they saying about Ellie sadness? I'm sorry. I just I had to interject my story. It's okay. It is so nice. They literally opened in November. It's like a brand-new apartment complex like that kind of vibe. It's so clean. There's they have a huge pool. They've all the stuff going on like I signed up on the spot and it's 30 bucks a month. That's wonderful. And yeah, and then I signed up and you women out that's what I was going to say. I was like over here a little later today, but like I'm so happy. I should be I am you got the best deal because you know, you kind of have to work it with these plays. Yeah, I did. I mean I had to pay an Initiation fee. They had one where you didn't have to pay but at the end of the day just like ended up. I don't know. Yeah, I talked about it with him, but I'm just 30 bucks for a gym like even like the Chicago Athletic Club Jim's I don't know why I thought about this because my sister's wife belongs to one. I think it's like 65 or 75 a month else. And this was so expensive in Chicago. Okay, just make sure that if if you don't feel like everything's wiped down with you use it. No, this is this has nothing Emma is Emma. It's flu season, but more than that. I mean, is it still flu season? Oh, yeah. It's flu season. tell you something yes, I I have only ever gotten the flu once in my entire life and it was when I got a shot and I was 12 or 13 and you maybe get the shot and I have not won since then. I've not got the flu knock on wood. I think as you get older you do need the shot you hear about, you know, the elderly 65 and older but you're supposed to get the shot him and then you build up your immunity to it and it can it can't hurt you. It can just help you a little bit. I mean, maybe you'd still get it, but it would be mild. But like I haven't gotten it in 20 next time you get it if you do and you probably will at some point in your life. You'll say nothing. I'm just being realistic you're going to say. Oh, I need a flu shot. I was going to say you gotta wipe off those things because your father went to a gym and they weren't wiping stuff off and he got a staph infection on his chin and it was a very bad situation and then he did some research and talked to some people and subsequently found out that other people were getting the same thing on their Faces because they weren't wiping their stuff down there that he's doesn't he still have a scar? Yeah, he has to have it. You know, like what's lasered to get it down to where it's not even there. And so that's not a good situation. You need to wipe your stuff down. I would have wipes with me all the time. We have waves are on the gym. Well then use them. But yeah, I'm very I'm very excited and I'm so happy for you about your cookie story. Really am yeah. I really am especially at the 6th green lights that literally never happened. No, it's not something I just kept going like number one number two. Made it through for I was like, so I'm not going to make it through five. I did just give me one more one more because now I'm turning into the shopping center and I got it. Oh my God, it was perfect timing loved it. It was a good day. That's a good day. Yeah. Okay. So on the last episode Ellen and I but really actually Ellen answered a question about a newborn baby your first child and how to kind of handle your own parents / their grandparents and the girl wrote me back and I wanted to read Her response. I can't wait to hear this so she wrote back and she said just listened never one. Ellen is so fucking adorable. I can't even hurt Paul at the end and then made a laugh Emoji number two. I can guarantee that. Yes, my dad thinks my child needs a change of scenery when he's trying to take him from me when he's crying. He's so obsessed with this baby. It's ridiculous number three the way you said Ellen would be if you sat her down quote fine. I'm just not needed is basically how my mom acts except not exactly. She gets quiet ignores texts and we'll say shit like well remember you didn't like what I had to say about XYZ. So why are you asking about this? She basically becomes a brat. It's been a little better because he hasn't puked anymore and my dad did come to my rescue when my husband was out of town and he wouldn't sleep the man the man as in her dad got off work at 11 p.m. Then came over at 1:30 a.m. And didn't leave until oh and finally fell asleep around 5 a.m. Hot mess we had it out. Breastfeeding issues because they said to just keep introducing food and being persistent. I finally told them look his doctor is aware and he's clearly growing just fine. So she isn't concerned. I don't want to force food on him and create a food aversion because he keeps throwing up and gagging so hard once I said that they backed off the issue Tell Ellen. Thank you. Oh that makes me feel so good. That sounds more like she solve their own problem. It does it does but and I also was fun to listen to us, of course and I what a nice Dad come over and stay that long. What a sweet. I wonder what was going on just as the baby was crying and he needed to be there that long. I mean, I don't yeah, I don't think my parents would have ever done that I know they wouldn't would you do that? Well, of course, they couldn't I lived in New York City and they were here right would I do that? It depends on I mean if I was just like how I'm feeling about you that day. Okay. Well, that's fun. That is part where the mother like went silent and acts like a brat. That's a Mama thing. Thing I literally said it sounds so familiar exactly what you wanted to talk to me. I'm sorry. I didn't hear. Well, you didn't like when I said this so, I don't know why you're asking me we're not friends anymore. So why are you even texting me? I mean, you know, what am I gonna do with my thing? Uh-huh? Yeah, especially some in particular. Well, you know what, you'll be like that too. I hope I'm not and when you are I'll point it out to you. Thank you. You're welcome. Okay, let's get to this week's question. Shall we? Yes, we should have okay. This week the email subject said a shitty fiance a called off Wedding. Oh, hi Eman Ellen. I need some advice. My best friend was set to get married to her fiance in October and ten days before the wedding. He called it off. I was a bridesmaid. They never broke up. She did move out of their home temporarily, but they spoke the entire time and she now lives with him again and they're set to get married March 21st, 2020. She told us this today. Backstory first, I have personal issues with this guy because he owes my ven boyfriend. Now fiance money my fiancé and I are over this now, but we still haven't spoken directly to him in two years second. He speaks to her like shit. He calls her a bitch and he talks down to her. He has grabbed her arm and her face not in my presence because I would have went off I've mentioned my concerns to her about the way he treats her and what some of our friends have seen him do and she denies it completely and in says she's happy. She wants me to attend her new Being possibly still has her bridesmaid and I'm just so on the fence about it. I was originally debating attending her original wedding and being one of her bridesmaids but decided to do it. Anyway, I just know if I don't do it. It could be the end of our friendship, but I also wouldn't want someone to attend my wedding who isn't truly happy for me and who doesn't like the person I'm marrying. Also. I'm 100% sure he doesn't like me or any of her friends and there's a rumor that he's cheated twice help. Love you guys. Wow. Wow. Wow. That's all that is like a real paint in place of do you want pain places? Okay course you don't okay. Is that a it's like a soap opera? Oh my gosh, this sounds horrifying, you know being a judgmental person. I've already formed an opinion. So I mean probably back off from that number one. How can he afford a wedding a honeymoon whatever and not be able to pay these Pi bang like this paying like how much it I want to know how much it was. And also like how they did get their money back and tell you when we're off air, but she asked me not to State the amount because she's nervous people put things together. Okay. We'll talk about that later. Okay second ably second to please the fact that there's rumors he's cheating and I'm sorry, I just feel like II that's a lot to unload so really I'm not doing it in any special order. Yeah. I know I've gotten to him. Point really in my life where I rumors are real and that's honest to God like where there's smoke there's fire and I used to hate that saying but there is always a truth behind a rumor and like this guy sounds like he would cheat he fucking call The Wedding off a week and a half before and now that she's are still gonna get married. I'm just so interested. I'll never know but I'd love to know what her parents are thinking about all of this. I mean, they got the wedding you have to prepay for things and Cancellations 10 days before you're not going to get your refund. Well, the fact is the fact that the girl in the email was like I'm debating like I might be a bridesmaid in this one sounds like they're going to do a small. Yeah. Yeah. I think I just personally I think I just dropped out because it sounds like if he doesn't like her friends anyway, as soon as they're married he's going to have reasons find reasons for them not to get together to do things and and like make her feel like she shouldn't even meet with her friend. On and he's going to orchestrate it so that he gets his way because so far he's not in this way. It sounds very manipulative and a little bit sociopathic. We I mean I'm being so judgmental here, but I know you're not be sounds like really bad news. I don't know what I don't know how she can think so little of herself that I mean Love Is Love is Blind you to a lot of things and she's obviously making a lot of excuses for him. But you know just for is it love or is it desperation? Well, that's what I was going to Say where you and I come from if a man broke off the wedding 10 days before we're going to marry him. Do you think we'd move right back in with him? We probably I mean, I mean literally you would hold me down Fizz like you would never let me see him again after all the things I've been through. I probably say to him. How dare you I would be worse than that. I just don't even it would be like, I don't have to worry. Like it would be like Carrie and big when she hits him with a bouquet, you know, right when you like stands for up at the altar or whatever. Yes. I can't I don't even know but maybe like that with like a hammer. Okay. That's right. Almost everything I want to go. No, no, no, no. No. Yeah. Yeah one eye. I don't know how you can influence your friend not to be with this man and she can't you can't put yourself in between them because it doesn't sound like she's going to listen to you. She's dead. Looting herself that he's her Perfect Mate. She sounds like maybe she feels she can't or wouldn't be able to meet anybody else. I mean she had she wouldn't it just sounds like a very abusive relationship and I'm not saying no, I'm not saying physically I'm saying mentally and emotionally right? She's in an abusive spot and that can obviously do a lot of damage and say I think she should have said to him. I'll move back in with you because I don't think she could have stopped herself for some reason because It's so fast, but we have to do a b c and d and one of those would be we need to go see a therapist and we have to have marriage counseling to find out why this happened and if we have a future together and so let me backtrack. She should have done that without moving in with him. Yeah, but I think it's more about this lady writing and she wants to know if she can just opt out of this situation and you and we can yeah, you should I mean you need to do what's best for you and put into when my friends were all getting married or my acquaintances. Has I got asked to be a bridesmaid so many times and it's expensive and if you aren't close to this person or you aren't on board with everything that's going on. Why would you spend the money unless you have extra money to spend? No, I think it's even more than that because it sounds like this second try at a wedding is going to be a lot smaller and not probably very expensive and one more thing. I don't think it's going to happen. That's my other. Yeah. I don't think that's going to happen. So she's going to put her time and effort by an address or whatever whatever she has to do run around being a bridesmaid helping this girl and then there's not going to be a scoring there is going to be and they're going to be fucking like annulled as a divorce with in like six months or stay together and this girl's going to lean on her to complain and that is certain point. You're not going to say what she wants to hear and he's not going to like that. She's involved with these friends that aren't supporting them as a couple and it's going to be the end of a lot of friendships. It's just that's what usually happens. Yeah. It's just Just sounds like a freaking mess and I think I think I feel for this girl. And the sense that like this is obviously a toxic friendship and we've talked about toxic friendships on here before it's actually like our most listen to episode because so many people deal with them and they're very hard to walk away from but I just think you need to get in that headspace. It's like you already sound really hesitant about being close to this girl and if the good outweigh or actually like Make a pro and cons list if you have to but what I'm trying to get at is I think we all know the struggle of wanting to be a such a good friend a loyal friend be there for them like be there through hard times whatever but you have to have boundaries and it sounds like you've been pushed to the edge of those boundaries in friendship with this girl and this is your moment to opt-out to step away and say I don't want to be your friend anymore. Like it doesn't bring anything to my life. I'd like I don't even know what else to say. It just sounds like there's so much going on so much drama and I don't think it's going to end up where they're going to be friends after everything's said and done. Like I said, if she even goes through with the second wedding this guy sounds like he's going to pick and choose who she can be with because he's a because he is a no because the girl controlling the woman who are the lady that wrote in already said that he she and her fiance have no love for this guy. Mmm. And so I don't see them coupling and doing things together. No coupling sounds like they're going to have sex together. That's not what I meant going out and doing things together like that to me. Well, that's where my head was reminded me of conscious uncoupling. Yeah, they need to consciously uncouple with this with this couple right now. We're just totally consciously I don't really give a fuck if you're awake or sleeping but you need to get out of this friendship because at this is it so take the opportunity girl because this sounds this just sounds like a lot of toxic away, but you don't need in your life. I think a way to get out of if that's what she's concerned about is just say whatever money she put out for the first one if things have changed up and it's a whole new new parties. They're going to have prior to the wedding that involves spending money on outfits or a whole new brides maid outfit anything that involves you putting out more funds that's kind of a way to slip out of it without hurting her feelings and then just let the chips fall where they may she doesn't have that as a fallback because it's like she's not asking much of them. I think it's just like I can't support this. I'm sorry. Yeah, I mean because I agree with you. You're just going to have to say it like that. Yeah. I don't suppose we wish you the best. I hope it works out. You know that that I've said and you probably had said some things about this fella to you and the situation if it were me I'm not in your situation only the two of you know, what really goes on behind closed doors from an outsider's view. I would have said don't move back in with him. Just go to therapy marriage counseling. I see what they say. Try work out some of your kinks and then maybe get re-engaged. But you haven't done that and I just don't want to be part of it. Yeah, I know that couples break up all the time and get back together. I understand but there's such a different level of intensity with calling off a wedding that I would never be like, I would never trust that person again, they just broke all of that and shown me that they are that unsure about this lifetime commitment. I could never I mean I'm just like floored that this girl was able to go back to him. Well you would you could you do that. Know if Daddy had called off the wedding. I don't know. Oh, I don't know LOL. I'm not saying I don't know about me I'm saying I don't know the circumstances that led up to him having cold feet, right and why he waited till ten days before I don't know if they had a big spat and he decided he'd just be you know, just went ballistic and he snapped. I don't know what happened so I can't make a judgment on that. All right. Well, you've heard what I've had to say. Well, you know, if you're crazy about someone or in love with him or engage them. Yes, it would be very Hard to just walk away and say I'm not going to have anything to do with this. So I don't know what went on before that all occurred. I guess we'll never know unless you want to write us and tell us lies. Do you have to follow up with me and let me know if you ended up going or if you didn't and they called it off or you didn't and they get divorced like we need an end to this Saga. So please keep us informed and thank you guys so much for listening. If you are listening right now my 10 years of Emma's thing massive. Blowout amazing party is this Saturday? I'm so excited. I'm freaking out. I honestly wasn't really excited when I first came up with the idea because in theory in theory, it sounded so great. But a little known fact about me as much as I'm a planner. I'm only really a planner for my personal day-to-day life. Like I I have to do list for that day and I check things off and I like to know what I'm doing that weekend or Two weeks, but as for planning an event, I literally shut down. I don't know how to do it. So my wedding is going to be so it sounds like it's going to be a really great event. No no. No, I'm just saying that's why I wasn't excited but I figured stuff out and I had help and it's going to be so great. But when the time comes for me to get married Fortunately for you, you're going to have to plan everything and your sister and I've already decided this when it's time for you to get married. I'm going to start planning things with you and I'm going to set guidelines and then as each one gets crossed off the list because you're going to aggravate me. I won't be able to deal. I'm going to get to a point where I just take a deep breath and say you know what? I'm going to have your sister help you with everything. Oh my God, because she loves to get in the mix and I've already got a fallback plan. Is already going to be in the mix I'm guys are going to but shit out. I understand but you know, I know you I'm going to say you can't do this. We can't go past this certain point and you're going to really need this are really really and I'm going to be like, nope. I'm going to just hand this off to your sister. All right. I have a little poem for this lady yelled in and this is how I know a poem from Ellen Deep Thoughts by Ellen gulden. Yes violets are blue and Roses are yellow. Mama does not like the sound of this fellow perfect. Thank you guys. So much for listening. If you have a life of ice question you want me and Ellen to answer for some reason email me. I'm mistaken for any researcher any reason Ms. Thing at gmail.com, and we will see you on the airwaves next time. Goodbye America.