Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale aThis amount of books and life tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light makes you less sleepy, right? So on all sorts of books when they giving you tips about sleep. It's all about limit your screen time before bed and turn off your regular lights. And I think it was Dave asprey. I don't want to quote him wrong, but I think is Dave asprey on his podcast that I learned that What is bulletproof radio that like one of their big tips for kids in prepping for sleep was like just turn off your regular lights and light candles instead. And so so I try to the other night and it was so funny because I'm not sure if I didn't think for our kids. I mean, they went to bed find it was great, but both Jeff and I it was eight o'clock and we had been just in our family room like reading. Oh, yeah. We're reading Harry Potter is a family because we're going to Harry Potter. World and we're super excited about it. Anyway Sidetrack, but we both definitely to each other more like it's 8 o'clock move us for like we're ready. We are ready for bed and just like I don't know these cameras are work for everybody else. But while they're working for me. So anyway, and yeah we slept we slept not like babies because babies do not wow, not a good aspiring goal. But we slept like cats maybe I don't know it was good. It was really good sleep. So anybody struggling with sleep and your it's Winters was so dark at night. Yeah, so you can't just let the day because in the summertime you can just let daylight be your light that really and turn off your artificial lights, but we just had two candles and we had to put them up high or else my boys try to start lighting sticks on fire. It's ridiculous pencils. We don't have any pencils because they've all been lit on fire in my house. So we had to put them up high but to was enough for our family room. We can still see each other and it was really fun. So anyway, I think we might make that a thing. But yeah. Yeah, wow up high if I tried I told you I tried to light a dinner time. Felicia has this cute thing. She got it from a book Simplicity parenting. Yeah. I think it's in any way where she like lights of candlelit dinner time. I tried it and every just lighten their stuff on Fires like this is not what I was expecting. No, this is not that I haven't done that in our in our rental because I don't actually know where I can't believe sticks are so they might be past it because I'm just laughing so hard because yesterday the day before Cohen, yeah. Have a candle lit like just like a good smelling candle and I look over and he's gotten out like all our kitchen knives and he's like he's what did he say prepping them or something like that through the flame and then like wiping up and he looks at me as like Mom and he's my best quiet time yet knives. I'm like, this is so weird was he prepping them like to forge them into sharper knives or just sanitizing them for dinner? But ball is actually thinking about that last night how I'm excited because I really don't like the yeah, I don't like to have all the lights on at night time. But there's it's literally pitch black at like 5:00. Hmm. It's kind of hard. So I just listened to the Sleep podcast and this will be you guys will be excited. All you show Watchers Parker and I love to have a show where we Watching and I always feel like oh no my messing up my sleep waves, but I just listen to this podcast of the Sleep researcher that showed that like the brightness and the distance at which we watch TV doesn't really fix that. Oh that puck is you sent me. Yeah. Oh so good. Well link it because again, it's a really good camera with the doctor's name, but he is so good. Yeah, and that comforted me to that. Yeah. Just watch a show on a TV. Yeah. Well, actually that's not good for me because we watch ours on our iPad. But we got to switch the back for our TV. Yeah, and it would be much better for ya. Because apparently the TV isn't a spent so distance. Yeah. Yeah the distance but your phone up next to your face. Not good. Not good. Yeah phone screen. Okay, so I also have high five and that I-5 is going to pajamas basically being like closed right now look stylish like everywhere. I turn there's another like matching pajama set. That's like it. Able to wears an outfit and I'm so happy about it because being I feel like I've just been in hibernation. I wanted to put on clothes this whole pregnancy, you know the first or it's like it's not a cute belly yet. But nothing fits in are going to put on like tight pants. I already don't like tight stuff. Let alone one my belly's growing so I'm loving it because I feel like I can get a couple cute pajamas really and Look like it's cute outfit. So this high five is super super super superficial and it's going to loungewear as clothing and they are super cute. I just feel like your pajamas. You weren't seeing George. Yeah those and like know that called. Yeah, so cute. So cute. Felicia is like super super. I've actually never met anybody who's so into comfortable clothes, but it's really helped me embrace. I actually don't even buy uncomfortable clothes anymore. I used to think that was just part of fashion. Yeah, and then I met you and was like, oh, I can really just choose to wear comfortable clothes. So I feel like even my pants now like they have to be the right amount of stretching - and my shirts if they're too stiff. I'm like me. Yeah giving them away or if I'm tuck-in or pulling or situating. I don't like yeah, so thank you for helping me embrace that part of my nature because you're like, I mean, she really is like it's amazing. I have I can't wear my clothes in my house. I've changed into some sort of control. I do love it though, because when I see Throughout the day, you're like a different guy every time different outfit every day. Like I love on your shirt on top party on the bottom. Thank you. I love it. Alright. So today we are going to talk about a book that we read. We're going to kind of summarize it for you guys. The name of the book is high performance habits, and I've read this sign in Brendon burchard. Yes author. Yes, Brendon burchard. Bouchard or Bouchard who charted I think is Butchart means I say Bouchard know I don't know I did I did so I've now read this book two times and it's a dense book. Wow, there's a lot a lot. So we are going to summarize it if it Sparks you wanting to read it do it. If not, don't do it. Just incubate it save it for later. It is really good though. So So basically Brendan and his team did tons of research on what makes people who are high performers High performers. So what are the habits that they're doing that are taking them to the next level and by high performers? I like to I think it's good to clarify that he he's been high performance coach forever, but then he did all the specific research, but to be a high performer. It isn't just that you're successful in your Field but he actually had it for him. It's like an overall balance like you're also happy in your home life and those kinds of things so and so his study I like it because it's actually correlated with happiness. Yes, not just your output when you think is really really cool. Yeah, and he I mean, so he did like these polls in these studies with all these people who are considered high performers meaning they're successful in all those areas in life for a long time that I just like one hit wonders. Yeah, but he also studied the hidden cam one-hit wonders. You guys want to talk about when I say that and he has some cool feedback from them too, which is really cool. Yeah, and in fact, he showed that there could be, you know at some point in someone's life. They could be performing highly but if they didn't have balance in Like Home Health, whatever they couldn't maintain that high performance. It's a really cool. It really is like a whole balancing thing. So what what he did was break it down into six and he calls them the hp6 habits. It's that these high performers were doing that were creating, you know, their their output being really good and they're balanced. So we're going to break down the six for you. And then we are going to give you our takeaways of things that we loved from this book and also some stuff not from this book that we feel like have brought more high-performance to our lives. So the first habit is to seek clarity. And it is exactly what it sounds like and that is to look at your life overall and say am I feeling vibrant am I mostly everyday feeling kind of unexcited and blah or am I just feeling what's the right word just good, which good is good, but just everything is good. Why should I change good am I stuck in like a mundane like complacent complacent? Yeah mindset. And then to evaluate that so this is a lot of self-reflection and being intentional about your future. So think about the kind of person you want to be and we've talked about this a little bit with how do I want to be in this day five years from now and the end of my life and so the high performance habits book also has an accompanying Journal if you want to get into that chair land and I both got it and have tested it out. And and some of the questions relate strongly to this seeking Clarity. So, you know it will it will have a question like one word I could describe if one word could describe the kind of person I want to be today then that word is blank and why so question asking yourself questions like that looking into the future. Who do who do I want to be in the future? What words can describe My Future Self things like that, but it's seeking taking the time to clarify. Fi what you want your life to look like and the kind of person you want to be so that's first step and I love that word. I feel like one of my key words in my life that I'm always having in my vision that I want is Clarity because I think if you're clear about things and it is easy to know what your priorities are and I feel like when you talk to people who when you talk to people who owe and any time in my own life where I've made mistakes that Regret like bigger ones. Well, when I talk to people who have like gone way off where they're hoping to be. I mean like it's fascinating to me because every time I talk to them they always say I just don't know what I was thinking like, I wasn't thinking clearly, you know what I mean? And they get like all confused in their minds for whatever reason. So I think Clarity is one of those things that like if I could have I mean I have my top 3 which are I want to be loving authentic and joyful, but for me like the next tier down for sure Clarity is it's just right up there. I just want to make sure I'm always seeing clearly. Yes, totally. So I love love love that word. The second one is to generate energy and I love this because one of my favorite things in this book actually is he talks about how if you look at athletes and when they talk like really superb athletes, there's this place called flow that's been extensively researched. Now and it's there's some cool books on Flow that we could get into but when you're in this kind of state of your present, you're like moving through whatever you're good at but what what athletes do when they when they're getting into when they talk about it? He said they don't just say I am I am in the zone They say I get I'm getting the they were using words like I get myself into the Zone. I put myself there I do this and so he's like they're literally cultivating energy to get into this place which I love because I think sometimes we think well, I'm just waiting for that feeling to come and I'm not feeling the feeling but the cool thing is and sometimes and I've heard Gretchen Rubin actually says, he wrote Happiness Project and many other wonderful books act the way you want to feel and in some ways that has always like I'm like, I don't know because I don't want to act in a way that's not authentic down feeling but I think there is power to the idea of It isn't being inauthentic. If you are choosing to cultivate an energy in your life that you want. So I'm literally so I'd actually love it because for me it's like if I'm going into a time of where I wanted to be present with my parenting. I'm gonna get in the zone which means I'm going to think about the feeling that I want to feel there and I'm going to actually actively cultivate that I am present. I'm loving whatever it is. If I'm going to go work out you get yourself in that zone of I don't know I just Of idea that we have actually control of generating our own energy and we can choose what kind of like energetic States we want to be in which I think is really cool and part of this at generate energy. I mean he has tons of tips but one of them is a trigger. Yeah, so so he talks about how like, I love what you just said about how you can create it because Brandon talks about how when looking at this High performers, none of it was Was there was like loose loose loose correlations on some of them with like natural ability, whether that be physical or mental upbringing race, whatever the correlation to like natural ability was pretty much none. Like all of these high performers were there because of choices that they made so same with energy the so, you know, the basic ones sleep eat exercise. Right, that's easy not easy, but we all know those but then to the next level of that is generating this energy on your own. So there's a couple so he recommends doing release meditations between when you're going through transitions in your day. So say you're you know, you're wake up you're in your if you're doing like a morning routine and you're kind of in your Internal Zone, then, you know, you hear your kids waking up you can set an intention there to move into that next activity with energy. So whatever you want to be excited to see them and present and loving you're going to take a minute to close your eyes release the previous situation set an intention to go into the next situation and something that is also in his journal or prompts that you can do in your own journal. To think about okay in that day that just happened or the day I have coming up what is causing me to lose energy. So that's usually something that's causing tension or stress and how can I going into this next day be aware of that and set a time a trigger of release from those tension points. So for me It's bedtime guys. I hate doing that. I like a lot of things about parenting. I don't like bedtime. I don't want it to be long. I just wanted to be over and I want you guys to be asleep like by the end of the day. I'm kind of like yeah now be asleep. So I spend great. It's cute shut it down and so I really have to I was finding that being like a like kind of great like I have like gear up to do this. So this is just a small thing. I'm not like an NBA A player but setting that intention to release and bring more energy in that time has really he's the it's not changed its the same bed time that I don't want to do but it's changed my energy and it's generated energy in that time that I didn't have before. So just little things like that in your day where you can create or or maybe you know, I've wake up early then I have to stay up late. Like, how can I generate energy to go into those? Times so I love that. So you saying before bedtime, you do the you sit there and you say release release a couple times going into it. Is that why you said? Yeah, so so usually I just like separate myself. So I'm you know, like whether that's just going to the bathroom or go into my room or something and just think about my attention going into it. I don't necessarily do the release trigger. I just like change my intention bring a new energy. Set of going in with like this. I just cleaned up dinner. Well, I don't want any bad time energy. Okay? Okay, I like that. So you're saying for this, you know, I want to be present for this next. Okay, I like that. Yeah, I like the word release because both Felicia and I did Hypno babies training for the births of our babies. So we use self hypnosis to help us be comfortable and release is one of the words that we actually programmed in our brains to like be a ultimate relaxation word. So I like to use the release trigger. Her when I pull in my car into the garage if my kids are inside. I don't do if they're with me because I usually don't think about it. But if I'm by myself and I pull in and they're inside and I'm wanting to like show up for them and not be distracted. I'll say release a couple times there and it's like who like you're leasing whatever meeting I came from or whatever and I can just walk in and be much more present. So I like the idea of release and then setting that intention. Yes, and for I feel like I keep saying present, but I think that's almost always my word when I'm going into a meeting. Thing with my kids it's always like be present with them. Yep. I agree. Alright, the next habit is to raise necessity and I feel like this one was the hardest to wrap my head around because it's something that can be facilitated internally or externally there's a bunch of different factors that can cause you to feel like you should do. Nothing, but basically Brandon found that high performers. Felt a personal standard of necessity so they they felt internally like they should or would or had the desire to be high-achieving. So he said it came from external factors as well as internal factors, but even the external pressures caused internal motivations in high performance. So for example love so like a family member or an obligation to taking care of of someone that's under your care moral obligation or obligation to serve Community. Maybe that's like a civic duty or even within a company having ownership in a company. But all of these all of these things create an internal drive in the high performers, that was a personal standard that they They would hold regardless. So it's just this like necessity inside them that they're not just reacting to things happening externally there. They're driven by their internal necessity and passion. I just had an aha moment as you're talking about that so so what we're saying here is to find your why right? Right, whatever your white is and Brendan says his wife and he found with a lot of high performers. Again, huge range, but it was one person that they love that was their way. So for him, it was his girlfriend at the time who he saw her climb into bed literally under the weight of all of his like bills that were on top of her and he was like I have to be better for her. And so I love it because it doesn't have to be it can be I'm want to change the world with this idea. Right and it can be because I want to show my daughter that this is what being a strong confident healthy happy. The woman looks like you know, whatever it is. But you see why your why to find your wife but the aha moment. I just had a 0 talking was what you're saying. And I think this is what his saying, maybe maybe not. I don't know but that we're taking what we're doing from a job or a task to a calling which isn't that in that car to his book. What book was that from? Yeah. Yeah, it is a necklace that we use in the monthly use the example of like a garbage person doing it as a job versus doing it as I see this as a calling. I'm literally helping people get rid of their waste from their home. You're doing the same task but it takes on a whole new meaning when you can see it as a calling o the levels were job or like just task or something like that career and calling and we can get whatever we're doing to the point of and it takes cultivation you it's a choice of I'm choosing to see this as more purpose. I'm doing dishes in the sink. I'm choosing to see it as more than just the mundane task of dishes. I'm choosing to see it as I'm literally these are the dishes my family eats on and I'm cleaning them so that we can have, you know, an orderly place where we can eat more connecting meals on your choosing to cultivate the feeling of a calling in your life. I mean, he doesn't use the word calling back as you're talking. Yeah. I was like fighting your white coat is choosing to cook because I think sometimes we feel like callings and I actually Do you feel like this x callings do just come at you? You are literally like oh, wow, I need to do this. Yeah, a lot of times. It feels like it's coming from God or from sometimes. It's just an idea in my head, but it's like, oh, wow that was just placed given to me and then other times and it's like a tickle of felt like inside my heart like yes, I need to do that in a good way and it's a really strong way, but I think it's liberating to realize we can give ourselves callings of like I'm just going to choose. I'm already doing this task. I'm going to Used to elevate it to the status of calling and that's what are Y is that's a way of raising necessity. I don't know why this is just like clicking with me right now ding. You can just raise your own sanity by using that. Yeah feeling. Yeah. I love that. I it reminds me of the concept of like thinking like, oh my gosh another diaper and another mess but your kit for your kids and when you think back on your childhood it all added up into a whole life like that. That just thinking about that is if I know a lot of our listeners are raising kids and sometimes it can feel so just like not like we're talking about it first the mundane just repetitive but I think you can yeah find find the necessity in that. I really love that. I love that but that is what makes up their life what makes up a baby's life is diaper changes and fee as I know and what makes up a toddler's life is messes. Mm. I know right? That is the Feeling so how we approach that thing is what makes up their life their whole life. Yeah. Oh, I like that same that is raised necessity right? There are definite. We got it. All right, and the next the next habit is to increase productivity. So my main takeaway from this that I loved was is the clarity figure out your main thing and once You know your main thing and this might be this main thing. So maybe that's, you know caring for your kids or maybe it's writing a book or whatever. Your main thing is, there's going to be a lot of stuff underneath that but then you can produce Brandon calls it prolific quality output pqo. But basically if you are spreading yourself so thin and you have all these distractions, Or thing that in your mind when you found Clarity is your main thing is not going to get the most the best of you it's not going to be the most productive. So after you've sought Clarity then minimize and remove the other distractions so you can be more productive and in here. Yes, a lot of great tips about its I mean, it comes down to really just applicable tools. I've had to do that like if you're if your main thing you're working on at work or at home you need Need Focus time for find your best time of day to do it and block it out and don't check email during that time, you know, like things like that. Those are some really good tools. Right? I think is a really helpful. Yeah, he has a lot of great tips like that in there V habit is to develop influence and the sixth is demonstrate courage and he goes into a lot of details in those but that it takes influence to we all influence each other every single day. And that's how we get what's inside of us out and I love it. He actually says there is no correlation between personality as an introvert or extrovert and influence. So if you're an introvert don't think I have no influence in bro, you have just High performers. There was no significant difference in personalities. And also it takes courage to be our authentic self and to face every day with that kind of its it takes courage to put whatever is inside of us out there. Yep, and he talks about with courage that speaking so speaking your mind and being brave and situations high performance showed those High performers showed those habits over other people. So a lot of the times in corporations, there are the one to speak out against things that they didn't fill Were right in their Workforce or maybe that's people you're interacting with so being courageous. I love that one. I feel like that's that's a heart. Like I'm going to have to figure out how to cultivate that I feel like that is a tricky one. Okay. We are going to take a break and then we'll come back and break down our favorite high performance habits. That's okay. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast in my opinion. Let me explain it's free. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more platforms, which is so nice from our standpoint and you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So even when Felicia and I started We could start making money even before our listeners grow to the size. It is now and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchorage FM to get started if you're interested in making a podcast and we'd love to hear what you have to create. Most of us have heard of Spotify but did you know you can listen to all of your favorite podcasts in one place for free on Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including this one by the magic on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline when you're on a road trip or when you don't have access to Internet and they're easily shareable and you can share through Spotify to Instagram or Facebook if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for find the magic on Spotify or browse podcasts in your library tab. Also, make sure to follow us so you never miss an episode of find the magic. All right guys, I know that most of our audience is moms and I wanted to share my favorite diaper bag with you guys. The brand is Azaria. They are super functional simple beautiful diaper bags. I have their original Amir bag and if it's just the right amount of things without getting saggy and unsupportive. I love the Azaria also offers both vegan and genuine leather for their bags. They're also great for the gym or work or anything like that right now. They're offering 10% off your Bag with code find the magic. So just head over to Azaria Aza are I a.com and use the discount code find the magic at checkout for 10% off. Okay. So before we share our high performance habits, I just wanted to say when we talked about the they're not being an emphasis on natural ability life circumstance mutts Financial circumstance correlated with high performance. I love this one. Brandon said this in this book because I didn't grow up in. Like a normal home environment. I guess I don't know if normal is the right word. But I think there's lots of people lots of us who could fill defeated by maybe it's our physical abilities or our financial upbringing or things like that. But both do their research. They showed that any of those things have nothing to do with high performance or success so you can just erase it all forget about it. I loved that you can create whatever life you want with these habits. Yeah. Exactly and so cool. It's like it's a really cool breakdown for if you're wanting to take life to the next level. So we wanted to just share some of these things. We're going to share our in the book. Some of them are not they're just - they're just habits that we feel like have inspired us to be better and hopefully inspire you guys and this book is so I mean, it was so good. But when we say it's dense, we mean it's like it's like one of those books that honest. I feel like now I need a break it down unless like focus on one just the clarity chapter for a few months and then just the raising necessity because I mean it was a lot with a lot of great exercises to do things to work on. I mean, so it's hard like as I was listening it was like almost like okay, where's a piece of paper? I gotta write this down. I mean, so there just are like a ton of tools and I mean jam-packed with research and tools so we're just I just want to share a few of the things that I have done because I haven't done every single thing he suggested because it's going to take me a long time to get through all of the suggestions. Hm but the ones that I have done and then once I have found really awesome, the first is this isn't really an exercise. It's more it blew my mind. I was so excited when I heard him say this it helps me gain Clarity and that is he talks about and because I have talked about this in my husband so many times trying to find the difference between I mean the balance of being hungry for Life and Full for life of the same. Time or being I don't know like you're progressing but you're also content. Those are the words. I have been using the words Brandon uses and he just describes it. So, well, he calls it being striving while being satisfied and I love it because I feel like sometimes when you strive and you're progressing and you're growing it comes from a place of because I am not satisfied with who I am. In fact, he even talks about he hears people say a lot never be satisfied never be satisfied. Like and and I've seen people where you're hustling. It's almost like you're hustling for your worthiness for your whole life. Like just I am gonna achieve one day and you use that as a pushing Factor, but the downside to that method striving without being satisfied with yourself is then you actually aren't happy as you're going along right? Not that happiness is the end goal for everything because as we know there's happiness and negative emotions and all of them are great, but I do want to feel the happiness as I go. I I want to fill all the happiness I can so I love it because you're not sacrificing Living For Success. It's I am satisfied where I am because it is where I am and I have so many things to be grateful for and I can cultivate that gratitude while at the same time feel the thrill of I have so much that I'm working on and growing for and I just I don't know those two words. I found myself saying those in my And striving while being satisfied it like really clicked with me. Yeah on a philosophy that I feel like I've kind of been wrestling with for a long time. Yeah, so I just love it because then yeah give yourself permission to be satisfied and also grow at the same time anyway, because and he says that high performers are satisfied in their in their striving they do feel happy and satisfied when he they do have that balance. Yeah, and you don't have to give up living. So say you're striving for a new company. Takes a lot of work. We know from experience startups are hard and how it's a like a way when you look at it that way. How can I actually be satisfied with my life that I'm not just putting my whole life on hold and misery for five years. It's I'm gonna hustle. Yeah and also find contentment every moment. I possibly can and I think it's really over all the vibe. I as I'm saying, I think that the key one of the keys is probably with being satisfied as I mean that your worth is the same throughout the striving right regardless of your outward circumstances and actions that your internal worth stays the same for me as I'm saying that I think that's where the Deep sense of contentment and satisfaction comes from because it allows you. Yeah to give yourself some Grace. Yeah as you strive, I don't know. Anyway, I think that's like the quantum of like any cell self progression is you like go between these he's to this teeter-totter of like meditate and be really content and just be present and all the things over here. And then on the other side the teeter-totter is like but do more and get better at everything and you know, I feel like that's like the balance that I'm constantly trying to find and I feel like he explains it really well on this list and I've actually found myself in the past kind of be exhausted by people when I hear not by people by the thought of when I hear people say things like I'm always Is just going for the like reaching for the next level doing this and sometimes I'm like a but can I just be happy where I am and it's just beautiful because you actually can be happy where you are and also reach the next level. This also is connecting in my mind. I think this is wow. This is all connected the same thing with manifesting where you were you reach your like actually saying what the thing is you're working towards the goal. But then you actually detach from the outcome. I think that Detachment is where it comes back to I am happy on the inside. I can cultivate whatever feeling on the inside at any time regardless of the outcome, but I'm still going to place that outcome in my vision. That's another way of saying the same thing and I'm Brendan did an excellent job. I like really connecting all those philosophies together for me. Hmm and we all know those people who in fact, I'm gonna we're going to Lincoln interview to Ryan holiday who's like a modern stoic. So but anyways, he when you listen to him talk he Very successful, but we've all been around those people who you feel like their content, but you know, they're achieving so much. Yes like this balance. That is really beautiful. What is it modern stoic mean? What does that even mean? So he's basically like a modern philosopher. So like all his so still misses the key and the object is the way those are two of his books. He has a couple others but it's basically like finding like life mean Innings like philosophy now though. He's like modern like the Greek stoics. Yeah, like Marcus Aurelius. Those are like his Inspirations and he'd buy history and now Roman row Marcus was Roman. Yes, Seneca Roman. Hmm. Yeah, I've got to do some polishing upgrade is so good. Yeah, if you guys are into that into philosophy, you have to listen to him because it like makes it now. Yeah. Okay, cool. Okay, so my My my first high performance tip is Clarity. I loved the emphasis on Clarity from Brandon. I think if you do this step alone, it will change how you see your life because I think a lot of the times we're kind of just going through busy work of the day going through the motions and I think seeking Clarity changes and maybe it doesn't change anything that you're doing, but it changes it into Into life work. I love that term busy work versus life worked. I love that. So some of the ways that that have worked for me for finding Clarity are and I do this in the high performance journal or any Journal but think about your big picture goals and why they're your big-picture growth goals. Like what? What are those goals going to bring into your life and their specific prompts on those in the high performance Journal? We're going to try them down and then what it would feel like if you achieved those goals and what it would feel like if you were living your very best life that you could think of. So if at the end of your life, you looked back, what would you say? I mean, we all know exactly so for me well or you'll think about exactly what it would be but for me, it would be that I loved and found joy in the present moment that I was myself. Elf and that I brought light to those around me. Those are my if I were to look back at the end of my life. That's what I would want my life to have been about and so I think finding you know that Clarity of what kind of person do I want to be today connecting to that end of life goal. What kind of person do I want to be in five years and of my life that Clarity has helped me in little day-to-day moments where you know, maybe I would have not been present. Or had the courage to be myself or been uplifting to those around me remembering that every single day has really helped me see how I can be that person. Hmm. I love that Brendan and in his book. He said that for him his three words. So you just said see him again. I loved him so loved and find joy in the present moment be myself and bring light to those around me. Oh, I love that so he found for him. It was live love man. Otter and I this exercise of thinking at the end of your life. What words do you want to describe you I think is super powerful for me. It was I want I want to be loving I want people around me to feel truly loved I want to be authentic and I want people and authentic. I think we're all just that's like the best. It's just such a good quality to be route. I love being around people who are authentic and then I want to be. Joyful. I want to people that like spread joy as I go in different situations. But the great thing about this exercise when I did it, I I thought like a long ago. I did an exercise similar to this and see what those three words but I like it gives bread and takes it to the next level and he says if those are your words then how would you describe today? Well, your interaction was with the most people who are the most important with you and are those words part of it was I loving and was I authentic and did I bring joy to the situations when I did it sadly the day I did it. I was like I was distracted. Hmm. That I would say part of it. I mean not the whole day but like that for me was a really eye-opening thing of if I have a whole lifetime of every day. My interactions are actually just distractive then I'm not going to those aren't going to be the feelings that the end of my life, you know what I mean? So so I think that was a way collection as if you guys all want to do it think what are the words you want to be you're like core things at the end of your life and then ask yourself today. What what would you define your interaction with other people as and are they the same words are they totally different? And if so, let's cultivate those other words, right? Yeah. That was like a huge. I love that exercise. Yeah, and I think my just to add in my second one because it goes with that is the prolific quality output the pqo. I think if you're seeking that Clarity for who you want to be in those feelings it just the things that matter the most are going to just emerge out of that and we'll be able to see Okay, what things am I doing that are rewarding fulfilling making me the person I wanted want to be and what things can I eliminate because they have nothing to do with it. Yeah, I feel like that really once you see big picture you're like, oh why am I doing x y z it's like interning at all love that oil. Okay. So the last thing that I loved that I really took away from this book and applied and have like loved loved loved. It is the concept triggers we touched on. Earlier, but I want to share my specific triggers because I sent sometimes when you hear how people are applying in their lives. It makes more sense. So we already talked about the whole if you're going into a transition. For example, you're coming from work walking into your house. You can say release in your car and set an intention for the next thing Brendan when he walks into a room he set the trigger. So you kind of when I say set it you could literally say to yourself every time I walk through a doorway. I'm going to do this thing and you make it happen. So he and I came over his exact words, but he taps on the doorway as he walks through and he says something like a joy is one of his. Yeah, that's one of his kind of like old when he walks in and something like here. I am ready to serve a happy man. Something like that. There's a happy man in there and ready to serve. Yeah somewhere. Yeah, and he says that every time he walks through a door and he touches the door as his trigger. So I started trying to do that and I've thought of okay. So again years ago, I came up with my personal motto, which is I saw the whole motto is See myself see others see God love all so because I think and I can just expand on that, but I'm not going to but for me, I'm kind of mildly obsessed with seeing God's hand in my life. Seeing what I'm with somebody. I want them to feel seeing truly seen and if when I do that when I said I look at somebody and see them. It's amazing The Amazing the Beauty and the pain and all the things that are inside of Human, it's like it's truly like Soul changing for me. And I think part of both those two things is beyond see myself clearly. So if that's my kind of overall motto that I always just come back to that. I tell myself every day is part of my things. I tell myself. I have made it Brent. I'm taking that to the next level by I've been trying to when I walk through a door ways depending on the situation. I don't say those. I don't see the whole thing. I just say depending on what situation is. It usually is see others and in my mind, I know that it's also seeing God through others, but like so when I walk through I just like touch the doorway and I just say see people like and it reminds me to look at people in the eyes and actually see what they have to give me in that interaction. And what I found is I think our life is made up of the interactions with each other and I think every time we come across with another human being it's like the most Sacred Space and so it really helps me give meaning. So again, I'll even do it like Sam's when I go into a store and when you do that and you look at the clerk's differently and when somebody spills something it's so much easier to help them because you're I'm like trying to look at actual people. So that's been a trigger that I am so grateful to Brendon burchard for saying is that going through the door trigger? So think about something you want again? That's just what I say. He says something awesome to think of what you want to say. What is it you wanted to cultivate when you walk through doorways and just tap on the doorway and the other Trigger, this is trigger that I should come up with long time ago, but then I forgot about it and Brendan help me remember and that is any time. I walk outside and feel the sun on my face which isn't every day that the sun is like that but I I try to remember to take so it could be getting out of my car. If any time you go from the transition from no sunlight on your face to sunlight. I take one deep one breath in with my eyes closed because when your eyes are closed you can feel the sunlight better on your face and it's a reminder to me that I'm supported by got like he's around. Hmm. I'm totally Ported I'm safe, even when things are going wildly wrong around me. It's a reminder of like it's okay. It's gonna be okay. I'm safe. Even if I'm as I'm saying that I'm not saying sometimes I'm actually not say maybe I'm really sick or whatever Yang is but that I am deep down things like my spirit is safe. You know what I mean? So that's a the sunlight is a reminder to me of like talking about feeling the sun on my face in the winter in February and Utah like almost likes you. Cry like it's so good. It's like a drug. Where's it been? It's been not so true. It's you like one day a week and I'm like out there like I love that. I love that trigger. I think the door frame and I love the sunlight one. I know that Brendan does he also does like notifications on his phone? Like it'll make a reminder of like be bold. I tried that and it didn't work too. Ooh, I just ignore him. I yeah just ignore them or the fun even my phone too. But for some people it's great. Yeah that guy. I just I'm like dude. I'm like, yeah, this is not a negative. Totally. That's funny. I didn't know you try to do. Yeah, I'd have probably like five that are just like a constant like six on my reminders. She's got take this off but try it out. Yeah, you might you might love it off. Yeah. He is a happy for us working for him. Yep, and I've actually not just from him. I've actually read many like whether it's I am enough coming up or whatever. Those can be super effective. Yeah, give it a try totally decide for yourself. He's like if you're like me just write a message on your mirror something. Yes. I got I like that. I like that. Okay, and the last one that I wanted to share is not from this book necessarily, but it really Solidified this I don't even know if it's a habit. But this idea to me and that is Carolyn and I have talked a lot about incubating incubating. We talked about it last episode but your goals so especially in this time for me raising little kids and babies. I feel like I always have a few goals that I'm like slow cooking somewhere that I want to be working towards even if it's that much even if it's just through a feeling or pain during or thinking about them just remembering them and high-performance the habits the journal has a specific questions question that is the big projects I have to keep in mind that I want to take on even if I can't act towards them today are which is hilarious because I'm sure for actual High performers This is like they're going to do them tomorrow and for me, it's like in five years, but mine are I love the idea that maybe this is all very overwhelming. And right now your goals are like my house is semi-clean and nobody's crying at the end of the day and I'm not passing out at 5 p.m. But that we can we can feel inspired towards them and move forward with them. Even though it might be years away. So we have we all have our own time frames and I love the idea that just because I can't write a book right now doesn't mean I'm not going to I don't have to just completely forget about it. I can I can save it and I can work towards it in little ways. Maybe that's just listening to a podcast from someone who wrote a book and was successful, you know, we you can incubate them. So I love I love that idea and we will link this journal that we've been talking about in our It's I really like it. All right guys. Well, I hope that was that was helpful. And if you guys come up with any cool triggers share them with us. Yeah on Instagram or leave us a review. We'd love to hear your Trevor triggers. All right, guys, let's find the magic.