And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi.You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a psychic in religion major. And I'm involved with the Denison Coalition of sexual respect and the student government Association as well. I'm also a version student. Yeah, so we have two really cool people in the studio for today today. We're answering some big questions for prospective students. Like how's the food and more importantly what the bleep is a snaggle? Yeah. That's right. We are dishing on dining Halls Granville grub and how to hack your snack game with just a mini fridge in a meal plan. So y'all when I Said Tuesday lunch at Denison what comes to mind? Honestly I think of grilled cheese and tomato soup, especially Kathy's tomato soup. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. So one of the Staples on campus, I mean the meals change most every day, but this one and then what's the other big meal usually Sunday night Sunday night wings is it wings or is it chicken tenders intended winner winner chicken tender dinner? Pretty similar. Come on pretty similar. Like I can't really speak. This is the first time and I'll say it a million times, but I'm vegan. So get ready for my plant based perspective in this episode. Yeah. So do you guys have a favorite meal when it comes to campus Because so the chicken tender dinner is definitely one of my favorites. Also, there's like a spinach lasagna that they do it Curtis and that is definitely Top Notch. Hmm. Honestly, I Big fan of the chicken pot pie and just anything with mayo. Yeah anything with mayo prosciutto flatbread like those are definitely those two my favorite know. Those are some good ones. I again being the token vegetarian vegan kid. I love this stuff called chickpea. Chermoula it Curtis. It usually happens on Tuesdays and my friends actually all lovingly refer to it as the chickpea. Good good. So do you guys have Any meals that you think are like hidden gems people don't really know about them because that's how the chickpeas are for me. No, I think you have a different perspective because you're like it's hidden and like the pure Affair station. Yeah. It's actually like literally hidden away in a corner that's like this. It's the Oasis or the pure Fair Centre for students with dietary restriction. So gluten-free vegan, I think nut-free something like that when it comes to late night snacks. What's y'all's go to because we have the bandersnatch. Which is like a coffeehouse style thing that has actually I haven't been since they updated the menu but it has a whole bunch of different options than we have the nest Slater late night. And then anything else that you might have is late night snack hack no competition The Nest the mess is my favorite option on campus regardless. Okay, so we actually talked about this in the office the other day and the nest offers wings now, has anyone tried them. Yeah, just last night. Honestly those barbecue wings little bit of ranch care. It's not celery they hit the spot not celery or that's a hot takes I'm a big fan celery. Okay. So the nest what else do they have at the nest right? Now? Remember I'm a senior without a meal plan a flatbread pizzas mac and cheese bacon mac and cheese. Yeah nachos and then wings. Okay isn't aren't they always sold out a mac and cheese because it's so good remember that was a problem for a while. I'm more of a wing fan than that. She's Tom's like I don't care. Give me the wings. It's there. okay, another thing that I Like in the bandersnatch, it's this pesto Bagel. It's delicious big fan of pesto. Okay, and then I think I told you guys about my late night snack hack something we talked about. I'm happy to explain it. But do you guys have anything that you want to add like you're in your dorm? You need a snack? Maybe you've been up late studying. Like what's your go-to anything with peanut butter anything with me Butters and peanut butter? Okay, that's it. Do do The Parent Trap trick where it's peanut butter and Oreos. Oh, no, no, no absolutely not I could get done with that. That's a good one. Okay, I go for this simple Ramen Ramen. It was like up there and then my second throw some hot sauce in there, too. Yes, we really have it. Um, yeah, my snack pack is also hot. I like I think it's really a culinary Innovation. My go-to is a bag of flaming hot Cheetos from Slater and you like crush them up. Then you make a cup of instant Mac and Cheese and pour it in there shake it up. It's like a walking taco twice. The cheese haven't had it in a while. My one thing is if you are listening and you think you're going to end up on any college campus, you're gonna make microwave Kraft mac and cheese at some point. I'm telling you this now, you'll hear it from your parents. You're going to hear it from your aura or your ca if you're at Denison do not forget the water. I think the fire alarm goes off like once or twice a week and the Freshman dorms because Tried to make mac and cheese without the water. I promise it's a lot better when you add the water. You know, that's just my take we've talked a lot about food on the hill. Let's talk about Granville grub. So if you guys are planning a day of dining down the hill what spots do you have to hit? Like if you're going to pick a breakfast lunch dinner and dessert or coffee? What are you go to suggestions for students visiting campus? Let's just start with breakfast. My go-to breakfast is a smoothie bowl at Prospect Street smoothie. Okay, they look so cute and they're like actually so big so it's like worth your money for sure. Yeah. I didn't try one of those but usually I go to Aladdin's their pancakes are phenomenal and they're also pretty cheap. So on that college budget. Yeah. I've only been there one time and like we ordered like eight people And the total was like $40. So yeah crazy Jeep and then I guess my favorite is Steamroller which is kind of a controversial pick because they steam their bagels instead of baking them. I think it's nice. It makes them super soft like really easy to eat. They don't have like vegan cream cheese, which is fine. I just get hummus which again another hot take but I think that it's a great option. So if we're talking lunch, what's your go-to? Oh Alfie's. Yeah, you know there's this one sandwich. It's with like fig and chicken and that's a beautiful contrast. That's I literally only had it one time but it's the best. I hear people talk about off. He's all the time and I've never like I don't know where it is. Like I haven't what do you have on the menu? So Alfie's again. It's kind of like a Hidden Gem in Grandville. It's nestled next to the Granville Library and like another and the robins Hunter Museum, which is like Cool little spot again art history major and me coming out telling you to check it out. But if they do like sandwiches, they have grab-and-go like salads pre-prepared pastas. They actually had shepherd's pie. I went yesterday. So fresh on the mind, I get something called the California veggie when I go so just like all of this great veg. The one thing though is they have something called the peanut butter and veggie. I've never been brave enough to get it but that honestly might make them lose some points in my mind just because that Sounds a little intimidating. So we Caleb. What's your go-to for lunch the pub for sure? I think it's so really I feel like the Pub's a dinner spot. Yes. I agree. Now the pub is my lunch spot because I already have a dinner spot picked out. Okay. Well don't they have really good lunch deals to know? Yeah. Yeah, cause like the back of the menu at has like a sandwich and blah blah blah for like eight dollars. So I mean that's that's pretty good. Yeah, pretty good. So then talking dinner. What's the spot? You already picked out? Snapchat loans. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's so good. I don't know if it technically counts as I mean, it counts as being in Grandville, it's not on the Main Street of I think called Main Street. Yeah Broadway. It's a little only lived here for four years. It's a little bit further down the road. It's actually I think on Weaver Drive which is like kind of cute that's just like such a good pig. They also have like if you're over 21 pretty good cheap drinks. I like the build your own sandwich option. And then I think it's on maybe Thursday's they do like build your own mac and cheese. Oh, I'm also I'm staying there for dessert too because their desserts are so cute. What's your favorite? Um one time I had like like a moose type thing. Yeah. It was good. That's some good stuff Dom favorite lunch or dinner. I'll take you know, we talked about the pub I once again, it's the wing lover coming. I love those wings and there. I think it's Called like the it's pot like the Vodka pasta. Whatever. That's also Penne. Alla Vodka. There we go. It comes with some like cheesy Focaccia on the side. Trust me. I know my favorite dinner spot is my ciao. I think that they're really good have some good badge options and they do like little pop-up sometimes which is pretty cool like restaurant takeover. So I really like that and then last thing we'll talk about is favorite dessert in Grandville. I'm the worst and my favorite is Go to wits but I don't get custard. I get a chocolate covered. Banana with peanuts. That sounds good. It's good, except the peanuts just get everywhere and trying to like casually eat a chocolate covered banana while walking up the hill is just like always It's Tricky, isn't it? Way too Frozen. Yeah, usually just kind of like you said snapshots is your dessert go to do you have a favorite? I'll take the custard. Yeah, honestly, I'll yeah, but now I'm Hard to get some of that chocolate mousse or whatever. Mmm-hmm. So I feel like I need to put an honorable mention in for Elms pizza because it's so like underappreciated. Like I don't know why everyone doesn't love it as much as I do but um, this is like my favorite. Yeah, wake up shit. There's also Joe and Mimi's a little bit further outside of town if we're talking pizza. It's again complete Hidden Gem totally underrated if that's even the name of it if it's still open. And it was one of my go-to piece of places my freshman year and it's just amazing. Like Neapolitan style crust or something. Mmm. I forgot something else does it is River Road counters breakfast, I'd say River Road can count. Okay River Road has the best coffee like even when I'm at home in Zanesville, I still prefer River Road. So that's my breakfast option. Yeah. I'm a big fan of their coffee to and it's just like a great place to hang out. I think they have like some of the comfiest couch has but we're going to move. Move on to our last segment of episode where were playing a game of over under or refresher on the rules. I'm going to say a kind of food or a place to eat and then my two lovely guests have to decide if it's overrated or underrated. So that's where over-under comes from the Mitchell Smoothie Bar under under I definitely think it's underrated. I live at Kappa Sig this year. So it's a quick walk. So I've had quite a few smoothie you go next one. This might be one of our big controversial ones. How do we feel about the snake oil underrated underrated bill? Yeah, very they're that. Good. No, they're that good. Okay, and who can explain the snaggle for those who don't know? Yeah, so it's niggas just like a regular bagel with about an inch thick of cream cheese and then on top is brown sugar. So it's like a snickerdoodle Bagel. That's where the name comes from. Maybe that's not my business sounds about right? Yeah. I'll just go with it. I think they're so underrated that I made them for my family on Christmas. Okay, so we got a bunch of sniggle lovers in here. Then this is like my this I'm throwing my hat in the ring. How do we feel about this later soups? Honestly, I've never had one. No, I don't need sleep. They are so underrated these soups y'all they are amazing. They're always there like get that and a sandwich. It counts as your side. They usually have two different options and I will go I will spend real money as someone without a meal plan to go get some soup like they're The underrated I'll tell you this though every single time that I look at this sign it something different and creative with the soup. Like they they really take that serious. I love it big big soup gal. Next one the chicken avocado burger and Slater. I think it's neither over or under really it's just like a nice stable. It really depends on the mood. Hmm. I think it's overrated. Yeah. What about the nest Pizza member know? No barbecue chicken pizza. It's the most underrated thing on campus. I would eat it even off campus at Dennis really Toms too busy with the wings has even tried the pizza, but I do like the buffalo chicken pizza the barbecue chicken over the pepperoni pizza. They have a margarita pizza to which is like very yummy, you've tried it. Yeah back when I ate cheese or like on a on a rough night. We'll eat it. Okay. We already talked about this one. We decided that it's underrated but Alfie's and Granville. I'll see you under yeah, I feel like if you if you know, you know, and it's great. But if you don't know like it's a complete Hidden Gem. This is again personal interest. But how do you feel about the Chipotle mayo? It's later. / / oh my gosh. I think it's delicious and I like thought that I was the one who like discovered it back when I was a freshman. This is Off Script, but have you guys ever had? The pesto mayo. Oh so good. See that's a good one. You just ask for a side of pesto and Mayo then you mix it together call that like an aioli and you're good to go. They have the mix sometimes. Oh, oh premix. This is so gross. No, it's absolutely delicious. It's something that my roommates last year would always make and I thought before them we I'd never seen it. So I'm going to put my name on that one. So I helped Pioneer it getting back to what we had prepared though. So we talked Wings. We talked Pizza. This one might be the most controversial but wits Frozen Custard over perfectly rated perfectly rated because it has a lot of hype. No. Yeah. Well we have the original wits, you know, is this actually yeah, like all over Ohio. They're like chains but this is where it started. Wow. So y'all if you're I feel bad now, yeah perfectly rated we're perfectly you're appreciating them actually underrated. I changed my mind underrated. Wow that I would say is a lot because think about how much we hype them up everyone who comes to campus where like definitely go to which this is also not sponsored by wits but it could be which if you're listening to this like we said underrated we're big fans. I would just take your $5 gift card. Like that's all I was thinking more lifetime supply of chocolate-covered bananas. I think I'm the only person that eats them making them just for you. Yeah. Okay. And then again are you talking about it snapshots? Um, no, it's underrated because no one knows about it. Yeah, except for on a Friday and Saturday night than everyone knows about. Yeah, then it's over. Because he just gets so frustrated with the long long way good but cut my cat my segment. I'll remember no I still think it's a good one. That's like usually my go-to for like birthday or like celebration something like that. It's just far enough away from campus that you feel like you're you know, kind of like getting a little bit of breathing room and it's almost like new and exciting because you get to drive to it and then last thing okay, we're going over the entire menu at the The Nest so who's have you had the mac and cheese? Yeah it hits honestly, I think I've had it I think it's overrated. Oh, yeah. No, like the the layer of cheese that's like on top like that's the best part for sure. Hmm. How do you feel on Steamroller Bagels? I didn't I think underrated. Yeah, I think they're delicious. I think they're good. I like how soft they are. I've never had them but one time they made an Instagram post that threw shade at the bandersnatch about there. Hey girls, how I really like that. Yeah, here we go. Starting like a little Bagel feud in Grandville. I will say I think that they definitely have a leg up on the competition. I don't know if that competitions the bandersnatch, but they have a little smart car that delivers Bagels on Saturday and Sunday mornings and sometimes like you see that little tiny blue smart guard coming up the hill and it is just like a godsend I get excited when I see it and I've never ordered from them. It's so cute. It's just so cute and then Thing this was a last-minute entry. How do you feel about the Slater breakfast burritos overrated or underrated under overrated? Really what I don't like them interesting. I feel like I never see people getting them. They're always in line for a bagel sandwich or something like that muffin sandwiches interesting. What kind of burritos do you guys like there? They do like yeah breakfast. They do like egg and cheese bacon sausage. They'll put hash browns in there. Also, I've seen people like get spinach put in it looks pretty good. I was always being pretty basic and I would get like toasting avocado So I says it's a solid record scratches again scratches the itch for avocado toast, but I think the breakfast burritos are underrated not a lot of people get them. Are there any others that come to mind for y'all? Yeah. I actually have you guys ever went to like the really fancy like Valentine's dinner that they do. Yes. They do a Thanksgiving one and Christmas one two Don't they in Curtis? So those are like the dining hall ones, but in Slater on the third floor, they like making it like they transform it into a restaurant so cute and like they have like live music and like no and it's really fancy and the food was so good. So underrated like no one knows about yeah definitely didn't try it. So, yeah. Mmm so which salad bar is superior on campus? Curtis yeah, Curtis. I love the Huffman salad bar. I think that like to me Curtis is lunch. Huffman is dinner Slater's breakfast - late night and like I never want a salad at lunch. So I always get one at Hoffman and then are the sandwiches that are toasted like The Panini Press ones worth the wait and Slater. Nope. Honestly, I personal preference. I just don't really like my sandwiches toasted, but I rather just get out do some homework. Honestly can't believe I'm saying that so wow. Yeah, I feel like it takes a while. Everyone's waiting to get him toasted. They also like kind of Shame me when I try to get my toasted because I get all of the vegetables like two or three sauces on teeny tiny wheat bread. They put it in the panini press and it just goes everywhere and the entire time just like I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. So I don't get toasted. I guess. I'm the only one who appreciates the sandwich people because I think that the Press is so nicely. I really liked having it too. I love it if I'm getting like a grilled cheese, but that is few and far between now like I see the benefit but for me, it's usually just like a weight things. I'm trying to get in and out and then last question. So what is the best food that delivers to campus? So we got like Steamrollers hothead burritos. Do not has Pizza Steve rollers. No, I'm going to cheat and say ubereats door - and Grub. Our favorite delivery people good one. Okay, and then I would say, you know, all this talking is made me really hungry. So I think we're going to wrap things up for the day. Hopefully you guys have learned a little bit more about Student Life at Denison Granville grub and all our tasty tidbits. So big thanks to my lovely guest. Do you guys have any parting wisdom Sage advice or hot takes you want to share definitely. Don't be picky. Don't be picky. But yeah, try everything. Yeah. Yeah. I just thanks for listening to us. Talk about what we like I know do you guys have plans we're recording this pretty early in the morning. Do you guys have plans for breakfast after this? I honestly want to see rollers right now. I know I'm heading straight to Prospect Street smoothie. Oh, okay. Well, hey, those are some great plans. But thank you guys again for tuning in. We hope to catch you back in the next episode where we're talking dorms roommates and residential life so until till then this has been Dennison to classified your ultimate College Survival Guide.