What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to sweep. Shiva never really puts up a good fight against st. Joe's. Yeah, they were just one of them Skyline teams that unfortunately st. Joe's has to play every year. But now when you played did you guys have ever like I'd like a triple header or is this like this now just two games? Okay, you know, it was all so we'd only do they make three teams played. Yeah, you only play yeah. Yes, and I mean he had to try match. Yeah, we had a bunch of Sunday and then Monday have another game. It seems like you're so much volleyball we ever did that. Okay, or if we did we definitely didn't do like two days in a row of try matches. Yeah, then I third game we might as well like all you on Saturday. 1:00 Sunday. 1:00 Monday. Okay, five games in three days. Yes. So on Saturday to start off at about 10 a.m. They played North Central and they wanted three which is cool the first set they won 25 to 21. Then the second set was 2516 and the third set was 25-18. Did you guys first nor such a way or they're like no, I never played them but they were kind of always one of those teams. That was like on our radar. Yeah bit because we knew they were out in Illinois and we knew eventually we were going to have to play them. So I guess this was the first year they finally were coming over to the east coast so we could finally schedule them. And I know preseason I think they're like kind of towards the bottom of the top 15. Yeah, and then I looked up their schedule few days before st. Joe's played them and it looks like there. And having a rough year, so I kind of knew st. Joe's is going to beat them going into it. Yeah, because like last year. I remember saying I think Mac race was saying that like they're like a pretty good team like but yeah, I'm sure they didn't play well at all Saturday at 3 o swept the team to beat usually I don't like that Midwest region in division 3 is usually Carthage. Oh, okay. Yeah, they're usually like the team to beat out there. I don't really know if there's not many teams in the middle is for dieter's. Yeah. I don't know there's a decent amount. There's a few more that are being added I think okay, so we'll see but Carthage is a really good team. I know they made it to the final. We're Source Carthage. I think they're also in Illinois. Okay thing. Don't quote me on that. Right? Well and that game, let's see. Let's see the stats here. No one really stood out it just Paul Courant seven kills will floor and Nine Kills Matt Cole had nine kills. It was pretty much like spread out pretty pretty well. Yeah. No, I mean Actually, I had a better hitting percentage Yeah, I don't wait on a we know they had Point usually usually Whoever has the betting hitter hitting percentage for the most part is going to win the game. Yeah, kind of you. You're like a novice volleyball person out there. Usually the team of the better hitting percentage usually wins the game. Sometimes those numbers will be like skewed a little bit like one team gets a bunch of service Aces or if one team gets like 50 days compared to 230 digs or something like that, but for the most part the team of the better ending percentage wins. Yes, it's going into these to the to Saturday. I was like, okay, I'm not being hopeful at all. I was like, all right, Jane Saint Rose might get swept today. They go in six if I want to be honest, but after watching after watching them play north-central was like wow, they haven't they might have a chance to compete with new polls. Yeah. They did. Yeah, there was is crazy because the first set new polls played Backups who are still really good. Yeah that team alone is a pretty good team. Yeah. There's a lot of depth. Hey like Christian lie on the outside, I think a cam Clarke standing and they had Matt Ambridge also on the outside shot out the burst. Yeah, check out The Verge you got to start which is former st. Joe's guy. Yeah, unfortunately, he did not play too. Well Mike. Yeah, unfortunately I wasn't able to get down to that game. I was Actually, I'm like a little ski trip. Yeah in Pennsylvania so I couldn't get down to watch it and they weren't livestream yet. Yeah. I heard that. I don't know. I was trying to wipe the best on the team out to yeah. I'm trying to pull it up on the mountain and it wasn't letting me but I saw like some highlights here and there like I was kind of keeping in contact with you throughout. Yeah, it sucks that I guess Persian play as good as he would have wanted to you know, unfortunately not a lot of pressure in that situation. Oh, yeah, especially if it was like, I don't know, but maybe it was his first game starting the Our season so to do that in the st. Joe's gym where you used to be a player, you know, I mean, it's kind of a little added pressure. I think everyone was getting their head to because everyone was chirping at a bird shot. Really? Yeah. Yeah. He had two kills nine attempts. So not not good could be worse though it be worse. So take your steaks. F for a set score was 25:18. So not you know, not that close at all to the I can set the poles plays our starters but they keep the heat virgin R2 and San Jose takes a second said to 25-23. Yes, I think San Jose for some reason. We've always liked just competed with New Paltz, even if they kind of the like roll over us. Yes, that's but then other times I will just take a random set from them. It's kind of it's funny. I don't know. I think it's maybe because we know a lot of those guys so it's kind of like a friendly banter going on but yes, so like kind of gets us Going a lot more but I'm glad we force it to five. Yeah equal the way that st. Joe's played and made him look like like a top 10 team like they should be ranked but then they'll play other teams than just just play terrible. I just don't understand the inconsistency. We have like that team has So many really really good players on it and like if you're looking at the stash right now Paul Carrero had 23 kills on 47 attempts. Hit 362. Yeah, that's insane. Yeah, that's insane against any team in college volleyball nevertheless new policy. Yeah, I mean so that just goes to show you like Parker Erica, probably go and start on New Paltz right now if you wanted to that's exactly what I was watching this because remember before the season Bowl was like like there was like rumors. I pull my you know, got a new polls. Yeah. I heard like mumbling. Yeah mumbles nothing serious, but like the way he played I was like, oh he could easily start a new not easily, but he could start on Naples. He easily could not because he's that good and it's crazy to think that he's what like five nine five ten is five runs in just gets 510 Yap 11 and yeah. But ya know he he just learned how to play that position with his body type. Yeah. I had a very very young age and I mean the results speak for themselves. Yes, probably. I mean if he could start for new policies debatably a top-10 outside the country. Oh, yeah, you know what? I mean? So you have to give him a shout out. He it seems like looking at the stats. It kind of seemed like he carried the team he really did. They said him almost like every guy would seem like yeah. Absolutely insane. He was kind of like automatic for he got 47 of the attempts and total attacks for st. Joe's was 118 crazy - so it's like what for? Yeah, the next leading scorer was Matt Cole with nine with nine kids. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he's the other outside you don't but he only got 24 times. Yeah, so you'd like to see those attempts go up a little bit. I see The Middle's did pretty well. Cam or Kyle Allen Morabito cam cam he had 286 which is pretty good. Seven kills on 14 attempts. Only three hitting errors. Three days out of the as a middle-aged pretty good. Yeah, we're saying though kind of like what doesn't show up on the stat lines. Like he had a few clutch kills a few clubs. Yeah. It was like concession impressed me so much because it was the the are you so now it's the third set and it's like, you know, it's going back and forth new balls got all their starters in it's going back and forth. It's real close. I think I remember the score exactly but it was like like 2020 or something and then can have like like the next four points that we scored were all because like Okay, I'm like either blocked someone or how to kill or had something to do with the play and it was just absolutely insane and and their up 24:23 and then and then you pull and then they you know went to a little overtime volleyball and then you know new pose ticket. Yeah, I mean, that's good. How did Kyle play Kyle Biggers he played? Well, he had a few Soul blocks and he was he says that he had six kills run. I'm selling it was there so you played all right. You didn't really get as much usage as a we like to see ya 11 attempts through five sets. I want to know how many attempts did Nick O'Malley have because Nick was he had 15 at times. We only had four more attempts. Yeah, Kyle, but he had eight kills on those 15 attempts and only one hanger. Yeah, which is kind of what you want to see out of the middle. You don't want a little a lot of errors out of them. Yeah. It was crazy like watching like Nick and Matt because they have so much chemistry and they were just like now descending setting him shoots, right the middle and he was just like putting it down with he's like, yeah, so some of the highlights those to plan together for a while now. Yeah, and you see it kind of on the core like Matt just puts the ball exactly where he knows Nick wants. Yeah, it's crazy which is why Matt's probably the best center in college. Well, I really think he is I was he like it was a bad it wasn't a bad past but he said the ball back a backward shoot to the middle and like it was perfect and like I was like, I don't know how you do that. Yeah, no, absolutely. Insane. He yeah, he's really freaking. Yeah, it's crazy. He's an awesome player Matt and he deserves all the hype again. Oh, yes by far, you know by far so they lose the third and then after that you kind of felt the momentum like switch your kind of like okay, I you think new balls in and take this and they won the fourth 25:19 and then it went to the fifth obviously and the 115 and 10 10 so I mean we almost almost had new polls, but it was a fun game. Yeah knots and was for a great cause right? Yeah, it's great cause so two great teams playing great. Yeah, I ball playing a sport, you know, Daisy loved. Oh, yeah. There's just a huge turnouts. Yeah, just an awesome. Things are bad hat. Yeah. I'm so happy. That was such a good game too. Yeah, it really was I'm glad it wasn't a blowout or anything. So I'm looking at the stats right now. Erin Clark is Spring Park, Erin Clark. Okay ray. 14th he is in kills. All right, and the nation is 212. That's pretty solid. I thought you would have been 20 that game against St. John. Yeah, but he hit 486 off the right side, which is just insane. Yeah, he was at bouncing balls. He's like an intended he hit a ball one. He was like ten fold line and I was like, that's crazy. Yeah. No, he's a really good player. Yeah. I remember pretending win like torment of you. He last year and the ncaa's okay. Yes, like he was like pretty sure he's like all the wrestlers last year as well. Yeah, I heard a story about like he like didn't play like that all season long. Yeah, and then apparently when the people on his team went up to him and we're just like hey, like what is this and what got into you he just said he didn't want to be the reason they lost so that's why he just decided to go absolutely guys. Awesome. Awesome day when I asked up. So now this year he's kind of taking that meant Holiday, yeah back, you know, he's going outside like two times and he also put his crazy again. I also saw though. Pressure didn't will get like a big block on him only when he had his phone outside for one. Oh, yes, sir. I think I remember this. Yeah. Well, I hope his shoulders. Yeah. I hope he can keep it for you till you know playoffs. Hopefully with this upcoming with the conference schedule coming up. Hopefully they get him some rest on the right side. Yeah, maybe rest the shoulder. I'll put slager there something. Yeah, give him a break. So I was thinking this about teams who can actually win, you know, the D3 Championship. I think it's like four or five teams. Okay, I think anything like Stevens NYU new polls in Springfield and I think okay, I think almost seems could willing Rutgers is one of they are there number 6. Yeah, that's crazy. Undefeated. We slayed them our first year as a program. Yeah, and this was when I think I was yeah, I was healthy at the time. Okay, and so I was planning the Barrow and we went to five with them. Okay was just I just it was like two years after they were a D1 school. Okay, so they still had like some yes a lot of town. Yeah big players on that team and we just kind of like stuck it to home. We were super fight. Yeah, so I'm glad to see that they're back there because it's like kind of like in this region. Yeah, you know, they probably have a lot of Jersey guys, which is you know, we get a lot of our club guys get to play against their guys, so So it's only good for the area, you know, yeah, I mean, yeah, I remember did you guys ended up beating? Yeah, we beat. Yeah, we beat them in five. Okay, we the fifth set. That was like fifteen seven. That's great. Absolutely killed a man. And now there it is. Absolutely sick. Okay, another really good again took them a while. But yeah glad they're back. Yes. I mean NYU beat Springfield 300 was that last week? Yeah. That was when I was in Harrisburg. Yeah. Yeah, they've even 300. Absolutely insane me Paul Carrero Jack Solon Steve West there Mike bosko encounter Palma. Just sitting in a hotel room watching that game. Oh, yeah and NY do nyu's all right. Does this really cool thing where they like a smaller Setter? I guess maybe like maybe not small but smaller than the other guy and when they're in service Eve, they have him in. He's like their number one Setter. He oh he so he is there in service Eve. They have that Setter in okay, but when they're Serving they take him out and they put in this other set whose like six five six six and he's just a block. He's an amazing block. So they call sulli like shut down but they some are like like frequently. Yes, they sold like every almost every point if they can accept when real other one the centers in the back row, they won't stop them out. What are the rules on this exactly? I think in college or loud like I think a deep three might be allowed. I think it's like 12 to 14 Subs. Okay. So many that are between their I think okay. It might be a little bit less. I know like for Club right now. I get 14 or 15. Okay, but I don't know what it is for D3. I don't D1 is like like you only get like eight so you don't get that. But yeah, so I think D3 it's like 12 to 14. Okay, but so they do that that's of and like it was incredible watching this kid going to block. That's kind of a cool game plan. He like shut down Brennan on the outside really really like print out like one of the worst games I've seen in polling and obviously I know like next time they play he'll bounce back. You know what I mean? Yeah. No, no what exactly it's kind of knows what to expect now. So I'm sure like going forward Springfield isn't really too worried about that sub. Yeah, but so was anyone injured on Springfield because I was talking to locate and he said one of The Middle's were injured, but maybe yeah, I don't know. I mean one player doesn't really yeah, you're right one tire matching any maybe they they might win a set or something, but I think NYU definitely deserved win that game from what I was watching like Springfield had a lead in that third set. Yeah. So do you think Like a you know title Contender. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. I think it's the thing. That sucks though is I think NYU and New Paltz are still in the same conference and the UVC. Oh, okay Stevens left. They went to a different conference. Okay. But if NYU is still there, so only one of those teams between NYU New Paltz can get a bit automatic bid. Oh an automatic that okay. So then It's kind of like they both those teams have to now like play really really well throughout the rest of the season. Yeah, it was like it's happened in New Paltz before where they just haven't gotten a big usually the runner-up in the UVC gets a bid. Okay. Usually they do. What was it? Just so today. I'm like, yeah. Oh, yeah. Well used to be like every year you had used to be like Nazareth was really good. You guys really good New Paltz you had and why you in that conference, you know, Myra like you just had all these teams battling out. So they can only give like basically I think was always the top two. Okay got it. And then maybe every now and then they'd get a third. Okay, because that conference was just like known to be the best. Yeah, CBC got a lot better. Okay the MVC now, I think the MVC is where I think that's where Stevens went to. Okay? Yeah like that. St. John Fisher team now is also in the UVC. So it's pretty interesting. It looks like so new polls is not play in my you I guess until playoffs. It looks like yeah. All right. Let's take a little break. All right, we're back. Let's of my beach volleyball in a mic. Who do you got on your team? So I actually don't know like everyone on my team this year. I know so for the past like four years, I've had the same team and it's been me Tyler Ryan Cole and Paul clothes from Sayville. He went around Poe. So we've been on the same team for the past four years together, and I know like this year. We don't really know what's going on yet because I think like Ryan's out because he has a job now or he's like kind of like far from us, so, Can't really get there every week. So he's out so I don't really know. I think Matt Coles going to be replacing him. Okay, so we're placing Ryan with his better. Yeah. It was better younger brother listens last podcast. Yeah, because you know Matt's shoulders a little better than games nowadays jobs that washed up either. I'm just kidding. But uh, so yeah, I don't really know the full Squad yet. I guess usually like mean tolerance to talk that out depending on which one of us signs up. Yeah usually goes back and forth, but you know what? I'll see what about you is who's on your team? I mean no definitive plans yet. So I'm going to Bosco last year. I played with Justin beckoned and kneeled whanau and Joe Brew so we don't get a fun time. Our team was like, you know middle of the pack, but we ended up finishing in tenth place because we actually want every week and then like we didn't go away to school. So like it's a marathon and it's not a race. Yeah my team last year didn't go to like The last like three four weeks. Yeah, we're usually that's when we move up. Yeah, we're usually always like when we were all there and we go we're usually a top like probably five to eight. Yeah, I would definitely date like two years ago. We were always like top three or top four. Hmm last year. We like topic because like a lot of the times we would only have three guys. They're so kind of was like a big hole in our defense and stuff like that, but Beach volleyball is just so much fun. You really enjoy playing. You know what, you know, it's really annoying. I wish I wish L IV Lida would change this because like that you go to the last like three weeks and like you'll sometimes they won't have a team diverse because everyone goes away to school and it's just like I wish they'd get figure out a way to make that better because you go there and you waste your time then you're like, oh, I don't want to go next week because you know people might not even be there as far drive. Yeah with her. I mean the thing is too like I think isn't it like a fine if you don't come whenever you call it. That's not actually enforced and that they care less about that. I know so they'll have to figure something then, you know, either and Beach earlier over like have some make an app like I mean, it's 2020 they can act like an app for that would actually be very helpful. Yeah, you cousin said you have to like check their website every five minutes. But yeah for you make this 45-minute drive out, you know, I mean, yeah, it's 45 minutes to get there so it and then cancel it on your way there. Yeah. It just kind of sucks. They should get an A brand like Like occasions just the way they do. I keep track of the scores and 1 edges so early on a cure. Do you remember remember I jack solans teeny plays on st. Joe's they had to March to the same record every single week for like five weeks. So they weren't they were winning every week, but they were moving up because they just were bad at keeping track of the standings and it's like you pay 700 bucks a team you should and it's only recreational league, but you should know take care of it. It is the could we do sign up though for the yeah. I know it's what I mean. Like they should really do a better job of that. I know like last year we had the same record like three weeks in a row. So we it was like whatever it goes by The Cure sets for beach volleyball. Yeah, so we would say we were you know, I don't know what I record was say it was 30 and 10. So we 130 stats. We lost 10. We were that for like three to four weeks in a row. Yeah. We just really didn't give us any win the dingoes any losses. Yeah. So it was just like they just do a very very poor job East End volleyball used to be a lot better. Yeah and literally like Like Ethan Ethan volleyball lost the bid. I think it was like two years ago. Yeah, it was so I mean I live yeah, you gotta step your game up another really do it's kind of just and everyone. It's just getting bad. I'm very frustrated to ya about it. But like it used to be the most fun thing to do and now it's like it's kind of almost like a hassle to get down there. You know, if you think about the math there's what about how many teams 45 teams before us just for for is probably yeah. It's 45 teams and it's a hundred bucks team almost that's One thousand dollars just for and there is also 6 is there rx6 is there's so many differences. It's finally as dollars. Yes, they're making millions of dollars. You know, what could the cost possibly be maybe like the renter for the actual courts, but I'm sure it is a lot to rent but like the money that we give back to the beach, you know, I mean like everyone's there. I was buying food everyone buy drinks. Yeah like that. The bar is literally packed out. Yeah, you know I mean or the food place the line will be 30 minutes long. You can't even get food in between games. Yeah, you know, it's just it's crazy. But so we're putting a life EA on blast. Please dribble of it on blast. It's just we're trying to help them. Yeah, definitely gonna help us we're trying to help them. But um, yeah, I'm also thinking about maybe playing doubles this year doing a doubles on Wednesday. That would be cool because I've never played doubles before and I've always wanted to so I might like maybe I'll do like a tournament or something. Yeah. A beach or whatever the grass torrential summer. And if I like that I'll kind of like sign up for the Wednesday League. Yeah, I mean, but I really want to get into that because I've never done before and it seems like it's more like a calculated game kind of the choose. I feel like that's how you become like a better player because he needs to do it all. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. I know like it's pretty interesting though because like obviously it was me and you don't like on a double scored together. They probably want to serve you, you know, I mean, but then they don't know that Because they'd assumes you're like the bigger player and you know, I was a little better on. Yeah, so I would they wouldn't want to serve me right because I have some very good ball. Maybe they'd serve you in the past about the net but I also used to set and you're the better hitter. So do they then serve me because I'm the better. Yeah. Sure. We're going to get a better Ball but I might not be as good of a hitter as you are, you know, and then so I would blocking work because whoever blocks usually sets right? Yeah. So like if me and you were there you would probably have to block but You're a better Defender. That's true. And you're a better blocker. I'm a better much better Setter. I guess I guess you don't have to be perfect setup for Devil's because he's perfect. He's got a phone in the air in the in the direction of the vector and you would get much craftier kind of up there. So like if I give you a nice tight ball, maybe you just really just saying it on to you know, yeah stuff like that. I don't know. It just seems like such a fun game to me and I think not doubles for like these younger guys, but like a lot of like the high schoolers and college kids should definitely be playing fours over. The summer with our friends because even if you're not going to take it super super seriously, it's just such like I don't know. I think I was never a pastor. I was always a Setter they all throughout High School. I was not able to serve receive well until I had to beach volleyball. Wow. I feel like I really like learned like the mechanics of passing from that and I think anyone who at least wants to just get better at one thing should play beach volleyball. Yeah. I can definitely see that and like from a jumping like aspect like your calves will like burn the first Like, you know few weeks of playing after you get used to it. Oh, yeah, and then like all the guys that are just starting out. They're all just hitting top tape hitting. Yeah tape and then by the end of the season you have some of these guys were going up and just banging balls on it then they go to and then you go to endure and it's like whoa, this is easy to jump. Like I can do this easy. There's no wind at all. You don't got to worry about you know, anything awesome were some people do the sky ball, sir. Oh, it's just so annoying. Like why didn't ya know? It's just it's it works, like maybe one out of her like five. Five. Yeah, I'm you try it. Yeah, and when it does they go crazy like oh, let's do this every time yeah, exactly. It's so it's like not fun to receive it. Just like I can't I can do this anymore. The thing is like so me and Paul clothes. We had like two completely different ways to take them. I would basically wait as long as possible and get super low to the ground as I'm about to pass this ball. So like any less second movement it takes I can kind of like get underneath the ball. Okay, whereas You would like take it as high as he could. So he would like almost a tack it in the air. It'll be like almost like standing up into this pass. It was very very weird. Like we both had just completely different. Both of them worked. We both just had completely different strategies and to taking these serves and yeah, it's just they're not fun. Yeah. I mean it definitely definitely helps you out a lot. Yeah, not beach volleyball. I always say it. It's just a thing. I think it's the best way and it's really the only way way for people on the islands like it better over the summer. Yeah, because like Club season's over school season your team might be having, you know, two three open gyms a week maybe for that for like better programs. Yeah, you know, so there's really no way for you to get better unless you're playing beach volleyball. Yeah. All right, guys, you heard from us? All right. How's it going? See you guys.