Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's probably the first introduction for the vast majority of people like in their life to that concept. You just don't tell a child. This is quarter extremity. Make sure that you started your And then that radiates out to your hand like you don't do it that way just like step then throw don't throw then step because then it's out of sequence. I mean really that's not that different from coaching adults, right? Someone walks into Crossing for the first time. We're not saying I would challenge anyone listening if you're saying quarter extremity, you are not strong you've already messed up, but you should you should uh, probably never ever use that phrase. Yeah, the only way I would use that as at the end of class maybe if you say hey guys remember everything I just said that was quarter extremity movement patterns, but I wouldn't be you shouldn't be running around the class quarterly technique technique. So actually this brings up a good point and I think yeah at a recent level 2. I was there was a coach who is who's doing a one-on-one? I think it was the one-on-one teach back and I was sitting next to one of the participants who was watching and I pointed out something that was well done by the coach but seldom actually done. In a class or in that environment which was they were talking about the concept of active shoulders and what they said very briefly and it was it was almost kind of it was subtle and probably nobody else picked up on it, but he basically said, all right. What I want you to do is I want you to extend your elbows and I want you to press your shoulders up towards your ears that's active shoulders. So I leaned over to the coach and I said that is an appropriate use of the term. Has he defined what it was but if you're now saying active shoulders that's different. So it's different if you are going to show everybody and then tell them that is the concept that we're talking about. I don't mean give a dissertation. I mean just here's what it is. Here's what it's called. And then we move on that's the end of it and and typically people don't do that. They typically back. Alright guys active shoulders active shoulders. So if you're going to do it do it once and then typically I want to go back to that more common verbiage, but if you're going to To do it. Typically I need to really Define what it is I'm talking about so it's kind of like we talked about in the ghd lecture when we talked about vernacular. I can't just use terms without making sure that my athlete and I are on the same page about what those terms mean. Was that vernacular or Fern Acula? There is now a thing called vernacular thanks to Matt Spencer are usually I use something somebody else laughed at something I said yesterday because I use the term self licking ice cream cone and they got a real big kick out of that. What is this help licking ice cream cone. I'll use it later. And then I'll elaborate on to what it what it is. Okay, but going back to what you said in that scenario. Hey lock your elbows. And press up that's active shoulders what I would also throw in there is there's no reason to say it. Hey lock your elbows. Hey, press up. Do you agree? Please understand that concept but you know, we don't need to know you don't it's definitely not needed all I'm illustrating is that if you're going to use it in a class setting when I'm working with athletes that is not in an educational environment like the level 1 or the level 2 or something like that. That is really the only appropriate time to use the verbage right when you've taught it when you've explained it now now if for some reason later on and make a mistake and I say active shoulders that Q is reminding you of something. I've already taught you correct. So yes, I would agree with you. We should largely never use it but the only time I'm like it's I'm okay with it because you defined it but I would still say like you like you like you suggested like you still don't need it. Like you still could have done that whole interaction with out. Out using the term core to extremity or act shoulder 100% Yes. So come back to it. You're right as children. We all learn this idea of quarter extremity movement pattern personally. I don't remember even getting taught how to throw a baseball and little lady you it's kind of like here's a ball that guy needs it get it to him. Right? Because they knew you were never going to place earlier. It's just kidding. I'll tell you what I was very good at Little League baseball. I made the All-Star team. I put starting second base like, you know through what seventh grade and then the and then the ball just got too fast for me. Then I can no longer hide. I figured you played left out. No. No, I think I left you out of the team. I was pretty good at Little League. Once it got to that next level of little league and then High School I was out we're at were actual athletic prowess is is desired exactly when you say you played Little League. It was just like everybody had to play. It was mandatory and he's like listen. All right Jay, it's your time. Get out there at second base. All right, I was laid off. I think I was lead of just got a small and I drew a lot of walks. But because your Strike Zone was one inch by one inch. Oh, yeah. I remember I got so many walks of then we played against his team. And remember this kid's name Joe Johnson fastballs right down the middle. I got struck out on like three pitches because I was so used to just taking those pictures ever swinging the bat. Who does he? Yeah. It was like all right, your designated you're the designated Runner because you're small. Nobody could tag. You are not a hit now. So anyway, you're right the principal, you know, when we talk about quote extremity a level ones were like hey, if you throw a ball if you throw a punch, that's really if you want to see what lack of quarter extremity looks like. It typically looks like hey throw with your non-dominant side and you see that error where your arm might fire before your hips are before you step like you said, so let's talk about the importance of quarter extremity. The importance of it is that it's going to allow us to typically move more load or move it further move. It faster any of those Concepts. What do you think about that? Yeah typical return at each people's power production. So whether it's lifting weights or throwing a baseball faster or further or football faster further or a punch harder and more timely that that's what it's all in tailing. It's all about power production. so Because that is sport sport is largely predicated on your ability to produce power. You know, if you think about all the and the most athletic things were going to find in sport involve pretty much two things rapid hip extension Fall by rapid change of Direction. So you think cutting in any sport Left Right forward backward change of direction for backward laterally all of that stuff the ability to jump jump quickly jump high rabbit who kept extension father rapid change of Direction, so that is that is that Belen what we can do is we can teach that absent of sport right or what I would Define as you know, what we're trying to teach us physical competence and we want to do that in a controlled environment and because sport is full of unknowns. Right. So the second I leave in the weight room. Everything is known. I know the load I know where it needs to go. It's going to be done in a controlled fashion. All those things the second I move onto the playing field not only do I have to have physical competence, but I have to have physical competence in the presence of unknowns. Meaning. What is this other athlete going to do where is the ball or object going to go where I'm going to have to react off of that so physical if we don't have physical competence and controlled environment. We definitely don't have it in an uncontrolled environment, which is exactly what sport is. Yeah, and like you're saying there's not one sport. I think someone can bring to us. We're hip extension doesn't play a vital role whether it's shooting a basketball throwing a baseball shooting a double Leg Takedown in wrestling, you know, Archie ball bocce ball throwing a golf swing a tennis serve. It's all rapid hip extensions. And then and you're right. It's all then change directions and the CrossFit space. It typically looks like open up your hips and then drop down or you know a box shape where you're Landing. Or you know going overhead and where you're finishing position is but you're right. It's all about a how how fast can you open those hips? And then how fast can you change directions in this this is typically where if you can teach athletes this at a young age in their have significant Advantage significant Advantage. So young athletes that have learned how to jump and learn where their center of gravity isn't and how to appropriately appropriately change direction. Speed which involves hip extension rapid change of Direction. They are Head and Shoulders above everybody else because most typically athletes will not learn that until a later age. The one sport that basically gives kids is is like gymnastics that's required right like every movement whether if I'm doing floor if I'm on the Rings if I'm on the parallel bars about uneven bars, all of those things are going to involve hip extension in order to To get a kip swing in order to do any sort of skill or skill transfer. They're all there. So typically gymnastics will teach that right out of the gate all the other sports you with some degree have to be huge it independently of the sport Birds, but that's the kind of like that is fundamental to this more like you can't you really can't Boudin want to give you don't understand my content I could get away with it. In other sports without really having mastered the skill and you can mask it in certain ways. But yeah. If you and there's little things where we all kind of let this go so there's the obvious ones of moving a barbell. We all understand that everybody's probably heard the term hips then hands right? Well, I'm doing a slacker kettlebell swing or a clean and jerk or something like that or even a Kipping pull-up. I want the hips to extend and then that would hand off the hands whether it's a push or a pull it doesn't matter but it needs to go in that sequence hips hands or realistically hips hips hips shoulder hand Cannon what we're talking about and then go from there. If you've not seen we posted a a clip on social media on Instagram the other day about the box jump and if you haven't watched the recent episode of dropping in with Brier Creek, that is one of the things that I dress in there was CrossFit is notorious and to some degree rightfully does get a lot of criticism with regard to the box jump because people have some degree bastardize it I don't mean like CrossFit angle mean like CrossFit Affiliates because they let people jump without actually opening their hip because they just they remove the actual Concept in the end the real purpose of Plyometrics, which is where bombs came from Perks pork. It's a Catholic and now just becomes task accomplishment was I just need you to get on top of the box some degree. I don't really care how you do it because black films are typically Not use as a conditioning tool. It can be a great musician who typically used for that development of explosive hip extension. Right? That is typically where you will see Plyometrics used in a traditional strength and conditioning setting and is typically low volume controlled in order to maximize power production, whether it's for height or distance something about a broad jump or a Mac height oxygen or a bounding. Jump where I come off of a box and then turn that into a broad jump. There's a lot of different ways you can do that. But in a lot of instances we've to some degree misused to the box jump and the reason that's important is because I mean, let's just throw out your good at you're good at just throwing out super random obnoxious when we ridiculous numbers how many box jump to the average person get in a CrossFit gym. Tau afraid to how many boxes have any box jumps and someone doing a given work out know like say the average crossfitter who's doing the CrossFit for 12 months would do X number 500 That's ridiculously low you think so. Yeah, how many times have you don't 50 boxes in a workout? Well, every time you do filthy 50s, you didn't 50 bucks. Yeah. Okay. Okay in a year one year thousands thousands. Okay. I love how you're right about this answer even though it's a completely arbitrary number but I love how you're you're right. I'm wrong. Remember yesterday. Remember the other day when you said like let's get that on recording. Yeah, you guys remember that? No, but again like look. Look at the average program on any Gem and you're bound have box jumps in there two to three times a month and I would be willing to bet that the number is a minimum of 50 total. Yeah, and and mean the reason you typically see a high number of those is they're not super taxing their unweighted, but I agree with everything you're saying and as someone that coached Plyometrics prior to CrossFit every movement that you put in there I coached but never with that understanding of the ideas were developing hip extension and again yourself. Video that we posted on our social media, which is great. It's true the and and that thing that can be said about a lot of movements. They become bastardize in the sense that their task accomplishment. If somebody needs to take a stone over shoulder or medicine ball clean to hit the points of performance to hit the range of motion standards, you might not even need to open your hips. However, you're doing yourself and you're certainly doing your members a disservice by not requiring them to do that because I promise you if someone that's been doing CrossFit less than a year doesn't open their hips on a med ball clean. They're also not doing it on the snaps and they're clean and jerk. They're not you. Look the Frazier is in the tea is out there. They can short their hip extension on purpose to be faster. But then also very competently open their hips for their one rep max clean. Your mattress can do that. Yeah, that's different because in that scenario, I'm trying to gain competitive advantage that's not we're doing in the CrossFit gym. I'm training to have skill. Will transfer and the reason I brought up the box jump is because okay. Let's say in the course of year. We have let's say on average you might get a hundred fifty bucks a month is about 1,800 abortions a year. Assuming you never jump one time outside of the gym. Let's just call it an even two thousand times that you can help a year, including all of your warm ups. I want to change my answer to 2000. Okay, I'm still right. So it's so delicious a 2000 including you know, all of your warm ups, right if you're not doing broad jumps in a warm up all that stuff. So that's two thousand reps. Of poor movement. Yeah, and you know poor movement and or opportunity lost then that's the point right is if we're not looking at that hip extension in some of those kind of air quotes less complex movements, but are actually where we train something like core to extremity that it those are all reps lost in the ability to train and As proper mechanics, that's why we teach jump and land as the first portion of the police truck push Dirk progression absent of the barbell or your hands and think about it. How many people do that correctly the first time like everybody just jump and land and it's like nobody's jumping more life. And then I say listen, I want you to jump like you're going to try to dunk a basketball court and all of a sudden everybody does it correctly? Yeah, I mean every time I begin to push jerk and I teach the jump and land I try to preface it with like hey forget about the fact that we're building this push. Jerk. I don't I know that you're gonna you know weight is going to be that barrier to powerful hip extension, right? But I need you to jump as hard as you can. So when you have to 2500 shoulders you're still opening your hips up and then that really changes things people tend to short their hip extension when really it's like, you know, give them a Target if you're getting They can open their hips little dangle up piece of PVC over their head give them something to reach for and be like jump and hit this there's you know, there's $100 bills hanging from the ceiling grab them. That's what they did to be quite correct commercial the old guys walking around. He's like, oh you almost had it. You only had it exactly but so this so that's that's the point with it. That's that's the importance of it. Right is the skill transfer because Virtually every movement in CrossFit involves flexion or extension of the hip unless it's in strict movement. And that's the re if you think frontal plane, which is that again that imaginary line that's fix is not like any medical you were that rotate through the athlete though. It could go either way right? I'm standing in a door frame that door frame is the frontal plane almost every movement in CrossFit would be done in a doorway meaning. I don't mean like with a barbell but like the movement could be done in a doorway. So If we think about that generally involves some sort of hip flexion to extension or knee and hip flexion into extension. So the valley like the importance of teaching work order to determine concept is arguably invaluable because if I'm Lettin them slide on some of these other movements, I'm not going to pick it up where it becomes more pivotal to the movement. So we think about the push jerk for instant and quarter Germany. The reason we're doing this. The push jerk at this point is typically because the loads are heavier, which means hip extension becomes more important because I need to use my hips the bigger movers before I use my hands because they're just stronger and if you don't think you can get somebody a PR in the push Jerk by teaching them how to jump more efficiently or more effectively or more powerfully. You're you're probably fooling yourself. Yeah, and and and that's a very good reason that every time we're doing a movement that requires that or I would say almost any warm up that you're throwing out there needs to include that movement pattern in there and like like we've said it could be through box jumps so long as your coach incorrectly or it could be just simply break down the clean break down the snatch and emphasize that squeezing your butt emphasize that jumping powerfully off the ground. Resizing pulling your shoulders back behind your hips extending your knees. All of those just different methods to reinforce the concept of headquarter extremity movement pattern and in this is a concept that again we typically see people from a coaching standpoint. So let's look at this through the through the lens of a coach Not enough people are actually coaching movement during the warm-up and the warm-up is just an opportunity for me to be S and do all of those things but those are the prime times to teach people knees knees. Arguably simple concept when I say simple very hesitantly because they already actually know how to do them. Yeah. It's a simple not easy, right? We all know how to stand it hip extension and what I'm and what I mean by that is in this this is an example from a CDP where I was talking to Josh - who's actually been on the podcast and and we talked about and I think he actually mentioned in that podcast during his warm-up in the uniform. He was having them do Broad. You just having them do the broadcasting wasn't saying anything and I said I afterwards I said why didn't you teach the broad jump and it kind of caught him off guard but can because it typically does when you actually relax. He said we'll just a broad jump and I said no, it's not just a broad jump, right we can teach them how to get the hip extension and then how to land. I mean, there's two very pivotal thing to happen there if it's a two foot take off in a two foot Landing for a broad jump. I need proper hip extension in order to jump properly and then I want to see them a land in a solid position. Position hopefully looks it looks like something like a squat where their weight is balanced about the foot, you know, whether weight is balanced about the foot. So there's two concept I can teach in something again air quotes simple like the broad jump that is going to have significant carry over to other movements and these are all the places and you can do lateral hops as well. If you haven't seen if you haven't trained athletes a new kind of like power lateral hops, which is like a pretty A pretty significant lateral hop not just a short lateral hop and like trying to really drive off that back foot and then land at the another place where I could meet you in order to do that. Well, you know, so so let's let's take this episode on quarter extremity and what's coming to put a bow on it there in the sense that we're talking about the importance of it. I want to have more episodes on how we teach it how we see and how we correct it, but let's let's I want to just take one last point of it and say okay, what are some of the best ways we can get our athletes to understand it in a simple short effective way maybe in the warm-up or maybe as they're preparing in a more specific warm up. I'm always a big proponent of just using things that athletes already know how to do because it takes it takes a lot of the teaching aspect out of it when I can go right to the coaching. So again, we'll go to the back to The Pusher because it Easy and that is actually already built into the progression. It starts with jumping, right so jumping one of the more natural human movements that we all do is exactly that right? It is inherently quarter extremity and and you'll see this violated in many many different ways like a hip extension like a me extension early ankle extension like all of that stuff and teaching people how to do that by simply. Bringing it back down to the most basic fundamental human movement of jumping typically will correct it. So if you were to ask anybody regardless of their capacity to do a Max height vertical jump training jump up will cause you cornbread quite School Target virtually, all of them would do it correctly. Because the human the human body is smarter than they are when they try to think about it. Yeah, you know for that same reason it's I've always said this about women when it comes to CrossFit you hand a woman a weight. That's a little too heavy to push for us and they naturally do a push. Jerk We're Men we try to muscle it. You know where we're not quite as smart as the opposite sex. But yeah the same principles like let's keep it simple and that if you get people jumping whether you have an on ramp or a boot camp or whatever feeds them. Into your typical classes, you're going to have athletes that have a more competent, you know, there's still going to be false and we're going to talk in a future episode about seeing the faults and how we corrected. You're always in that people that short they're hip extension. Maybe they're now thinking too much about pulling under or it's heavy whatever the case is, but get them jumping and that's really the key to it. And this is obviously why One of the reasons why people with some athletic background perform better at some of these movements because they inherently understand that because and they might not even know the concept but if they are inherently understand the significance and the advantage of hip Drive of like whether I'm playing football think about if you know lineman has ever won. A battle off of the ball without explosive pickle was it doesn't matter. Nobody's ever gotten a double Leg Takedown without violent hip extension pretty hard to knock somebody out with a punch. If you did it out of sequence, you know them as people are listening other challenge them, you know next time you're watching this or be it may you're watching the UFC you're watching basketball, you're watching baseball you're watching, you know ferns highlight reel from division one basketball, whatever the Case is it's it's really short. It's really short. You know, I challenge you to look for that look for that hip extension. And and you're you're going to see it because of the see it everywhere. Like you said it's you know, it's not impossible but it's impossible to accomplish that task at the elite level without doing it. Well, and I don't know I don't think that's an outright. That's this is where I'm going to say you that's not an outlandish statement like you are not going to be good at a sport without again. Take anything golf. Yeah, I can be you're not going to be able to get a long drive without understanding that Kant that concept baseball. You're not going to be a good picture. You're not be able to throw the ball basketball. You can't jump or Sprint quickly without understanding that concept football same thing. Like try try blocking another grown human being without understanding the concept of hip extension. We're going to get flat back real quick. So it's just part of sport like in this is across all sports field hockey lacrosse all of those. Things it's everywhere. And then again, it's one of these things were like depending on what you do for a living. You're going to find it there too. You know, if like if you're working on a ranch or something like that like try bailing and moving hey or roping cattle or any of those things without doing that stuff like it's not going to be not going to look the same but the concept is still there still intact. Yeah. I mean imagine you're at home and you got to put something on the top shelf and it's on the floor and it's heavy you're going to open your hips powerfully to get that thing to your shoulders before you No, push, press it by opening your hips again to get it overhead. So basically what we're telling you is quarter extremity is life and you need to understand that concept. We're going to continue this conversation with how we go about teaching and how we go about seeing it and how we go about correcting it but let's start right there, but the challenges as you teach people that you cannot use the words quarter extremity. No, do not do that. Unless you've if you say that I want you to at the bare minimum imagine J running into your Gem and we runs up to you. You look down at them and I say down on purpose impress look down. He runs in your gym with short little legs. And then he you look down at them and he just says stop doing that and you listen to him. And I turn around and spread out. That's a good visual for everybody. There you go. That's what happened. Now, of course, like like foreign said though if you're like, hey guys, I'm telling you to jump. I'm telling you this and I'm telling you to do X Y and Z to get that quarter extremity that's different. But again, I feel like that's a little gray and some people listening. It's like we need to keep a black and white if you say it. I'm naked streaking at your gym. And that's it. You're in trouble. Bring your green hat. The I think you just come up with another shirt idea to quarter extremity core. Sure midi is life. Yeah, I'm going to take 90 percent of the profits on that because you had nothing to do with it. I mean, so you're going to get one Buck. Hey based on all the pictures. I've seen people that got our do that just better shirt. I got a v-mail matter something got in mind yet. I wear mine every day. I don't listen guys. Here's the deal everybody. Everybody always messages us afterwards be like I didn't get a shirt. I'm like, we put it out a million times again. Yeah, this is we're trying you guys are the members in the gym when we're like pre-orders everybody and they're like, okay. Okay. Okay, and then we order them. Everybody gets a shirt. And then it was like where's my shirt? I'm like it was a pre-order, but I can I get one see it. I didn't I didn't tell me about it. Okay, actually here. This is a good segue. I know in your here's your's a little packet for all you guys. Hey go back and listen to the episode with not on retail in doing pre-orders. Secondly if you want to double your preorder sales. Simply by doing that. So as you continue on email, but you know, social media all that stuff and letting people know that we've been doing this for the past like two weeks put a sign up sheet and after every class just be like, hey who wants a shirt? We're just going to order it for you and people like yeah, I want one. Like I'm so like fifteen shirts in the past five clocks it simply by doing that because people are just not going to go as easy as you make it they're not going to do it. So do both some people like already ordered it nevertheless. I'm like you want one and I like yeah, I want one put me down. I should put me down for two and I'm like done and then Let's be clear. You have their credit card on file. So you don't I just go in there. I just go in there run it. What you would do is you would just charge them for and then tell Matt to add those format from Forever. Cheers to add those to the order, but I'm going to probably get at least 50 to 60 percent more orders on this one that I have in the past because I wasn't doing but I agree with you if you just you know, whether you sugar water water fly, if you just slap it on the announcements section people will look past it like one thing. I agree with you if you have a whiteboard you can write it there. So you should have a list of announcements that your coaches go over my Jujitsu school. Does this Great there's always a clipboard at the front of the class on the mats with the list of announcement. So regardless of who's teaching how often they teach how well they know what's going on. They just grab it and read it and they grab it and immediately it. Yeah, but so what we've done is there's a clipboard and it's got a pictures of the shirt and then a sign-up sheet underneath it. And then on the Whiteboard, we hang another picture of the shirt. We tell people the or There and at the end of the classic which is like hey, if you have an order shirt, just tell me give me your name. I'll take it right now. We'll do it for you not to do anything done. Perfect. So there you go. You got a whole conversation on quarter extremity get a little tip there on and how to maximize your preorder sales. That's what we do for here on best our of their day. Listen. I don't know what you guys want from us. This is a lot. You're welcome. Yeah. We you are welcome. Thanks for listening to best our of their day. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. How cool is that? There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. So it becomes super simple some of these episodes with Fern or Todd or myself chatting with one another we've done right within the app itself. Anchor will make it easy to distribute your podcast to all platforms Spotify apple and many more and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make an awesome podcast in one place. All you have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Come on, who doesn't have Spotify at this point and if you were unaware Spotify Now is offering podcast. That's right on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists, but also podcasts in one place for free Spotify is a huge catalogue of podcast on every topic including the one you're listening to right now best our of their day on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcasts, so you never Miss an episode premium users can even download episodes to let's do offline wherever you are something I always do before I hop on a plane that you can even easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and other social media platforms. Here's the deal if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for best hour of their day on Spotify or browse some other podcasts if you want you can find them in your library tab. And also make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of best hour of their day. Thanks again for listening to best our of their day. And thanks again to our special guest. We appreciate all you guys do for us with best our of their day when it comes to sharing our posts on Instagram when it comes to subscribing to us on YouTube when it comes to the constant feedback. We are grateful and we appreciate it. We are trying to build a community based on. Coaching development and becoming the best version of yourself and it goes without saying that we couldn't do without all of you. So if you haven't already please subscribe to our YouTube channel season, one of dropping in is out we are getting tremendous feedback and we love for you to check it out. Leave us a comment on their head over to our Instagram. Give us a follow like our pictures feel free to share anything that resonates with you. And if you have any questions comments concerns or feedback for us. Please don't hesitate email us best hour of their day at gmail.com. Thanks again until the next episode. We hope you've had the best hour of your day.