People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that. Into the the graphic nature of the words, but we're going to speak on that obviously as an Arsenal fan. I'm on cloud nine Liverpool of always had my blessing to win the League this year cause I got no smoke with them, but I didn't want them to do it Invincible because also know our husbands we've got nothing to cling onto your part from Thierry Henry and invincibles and if they were to become invincible, as you know, the debates that like it that would have been said, so to now know that we're the only ones with that gold trophy. It's amazing. Pardon me. Thank you to all Our fellow London Coley Neighbors in Watford who made this possible for me every Watford pleasure being PFA Team of the Year for me a smaller size should definitely be in PFA Team of the Year caught any only team that was uncertain against Liverpool that actually did their job man. So big at Watford, I know they're still fighting relegation. Hopefully you pull through excluding that there's not really been anything in terms of in terms of anything really we know Spurs another day another cop upset. I mean, they've been dumped at the Cotton The League Cup. And congratulations to Manchester City for winning that and now they've been dumped out of the FA Cup of the losing on penalties. You obviously saw Tim cruel was doing the rounds. He had a water bottle with alleged names and directions penalty takers would go and obviously when they win, it looks like a master class. So it's been a bit of a Madness. So we've that there's really not much to talk about so I don't doubt we're going to be here that long really and truly people but let's speak about Jonathan legal first and foremost now, It's sad. I don't want to sit here and patronize you. Look you look you look rock with DG and listen to my content or watch my content. So you're over certain intelligence level. I don't need to tell you why racism is bad why rich people shouldn't be racially abused while you shouldn't look down on someone according to their descent or more or less pigment within their skin. You should look at moles values how somebody carries himself way before skin color skin color should be irrelevant but in a day and age where it's not the case. Get off to keep speaking on things like that. Now Jonathan legal has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ACL injury in December. Apparently he obviously we found the resin resolution in relation to their mentioned it Castillo Castillo being banned, but in the words of the article Jonathan legal has questioned the time it took the FAA to ban Leeds United goalkeeper Kiko Castillo for racially abusing him casilla was banned for eight games and fined. 60,000 pounds after being found guilty by an Independent Regulatory Commission obviously is sadly took 22 weeks people like how many months is that? I get having to gather evidence having to get facts, right but things like this on top of the listen, let's be honest combat combating racism is extremely patronising for black players in particular. You'll see in a man today is it again? There's no correlation, but get Saint Martins, I believe Gilson Martine, sorry Monaco. He's band is he not band for six months for pushing a riff again? They're not correlated. But where's them sort of bands for racism six months will make a player think twice you hearing Kiko Castillo said he's never even heard of the n-word fucking liar gasps back to get it is patronising is packed is demoralizing and patronising with the time. It takes half the time a slap on the wrist. This discourages people from standing up and speaking about it because it just feels like a waste of time. She's out to Jonathan illegal for despite his young years having the conviction. The mental strength to not only go through this but to keep his motion is his motivation levels up because people could have crumbled people could have withdrew their evidence people could have said forget this, you know, I'm not getting anywhere he followed through and it's extremely sad, but especially at you look at a lot of these black players in England, I'd very much doubt that is sadly going to be the last racial incident he ever experiences where it's directly from fans or another player. I very much doubt that so he's going to have not suck it up, but he's gonna have to With it, but I can guarantee that's probably not the first time you can imagine coming through a place like West Brahms Academy. He has a great Academy and they go on a lot of trips and stuff like that. It said this ain't the first time that he's encountered racism. I'd be surprised if you was to go around the Premier League and knocks these predominantly black players, you know, can you recount your first incident of racism and some will probably tell you happened at 12 years of age when we went German on the preseason tournament or when we went Spain or things like this. It is what it is people. It took 22 weeks it is what it is. Allegedly. This offense took place on the 28th of September, which is obviously when Charlton played leads when where he was on loan at I believe moving forward from that and get into the bulk of it. He has said I found the hearing extremely stressful. It made me question whether I will be prepared to go through it. All again where I on the receiving end of similar abuse in the future and of course it would make him think twice and be discouraged. I would say to that Lico is if it happens again, you should speak up you must speak up because without you look again I get why people don't want to speak why people be discouraged but every silent victim it allows these idiots who are idiots to keep going. So for you to have the energy to do that is what it is and it's amazing. How obviously this is. What I managed to college is because as a football player for any football fan, you meet a lot of different people you sit by side with different people this guy in playing these I don't have his full history to hand but he plays for leads and unless I'm mistaken are very on Eddie and Katie was there and you can imagine there's a couple black players that you've got Calvin Phillips. You've got a couple so what are they saying about this guy's behavior and it always brings out true colors. I don't give a crap. You know, when Tracy say this idiot this idiot think that are it was just in the Heat of the Moment. I didn't mean it. No, you're fucking minute. You're bloody minute. That's why you said it and it's always these guys that say, oh you're playing the race card is I don't see color in. He called about the verse 20 says you black this and that all U n-- word this end is finally in it finally in it's funny in it. We got we got legal for keeping it for keeping his cool though, man. And I already picked my guy. He is Ed lucky going on. He said I've been disappointed with the amount of time. It has taken to reach this point. I certainly would think twice about how to advise another player in the same situation knowing what occurred that day is been very difficult to watch Kiko Castillo. Continue. To play for such a lengthy period as if nothing happened, I was racially abused in a manner which still shots and angers and upsets me to this day. And to be honest. I think it won't help black players because they'll get fined. But the only way to really give yourself some comfort is when you see it to just bang drop these players people got we can bring out as many say no to racism think pieces we can hold hands we can continue to feel good do nothing. Nothing is going to change look at someone like Gary Neville. I'm not saying these races. I'm not getting it in but he's Spent time not getting that Sterling but downplaying these things. He then had an epiphany that Raheem Sterling actually is on the offend receiving end of racism. And Gary Neville was then praised as some Savior for saying things that other people have been saying for months and years and I've been told they're playing the race card actually came out that Gary Neville Raheem Sterling went to him with a couple of incidences to the whole England culture and stuff and nobody try help. That's the problem with this country. That is the biggest problem. We like to cover her up when something when someone else's Woken up. Everybody wants to speak and we're just were just very cowardly in this country very cowardly. We like to think we like to think we're doing good, but actually do nothing. We like to feel as with for making a change. That's why there's been no change the people at the top don't give a crap about racism. Yeah, people are is a completely different but people are being banned for six months for pushing a ref games are being stopped because billionaire owners are offended against no correlation, but none of these things I said for racism why because they don't care because people at the top and Dissect the probably don't have direct experiences with racism is not going to change maybe if there was black football owners, like club Owners who actually can control stuff and say okay. Well our team. I not blow we might do something then something will change. But until we are in positions of power. He can forget about it. Like we're going to sit keep sitting here and talking about the same retired subjects people. That's the truth. It honestly is the truth moving forward. He said some support would have been welcome. That I'm not even going to talk about about allegedly Castilla giving his own statement. You're not going to talk about that. Rico's has said he had he he also said he had received no support at all from anti-racism buddies in football including kick it out and show racism the red card. I would urge the game's governing bodies to look into their own processes with such incidences when such incidents is are reported some support or guidance would have been very welcome. But bringing the incident into the rest attention to the refs attention immediately. I was only doing what I've been educated do. Do throughout my career from the outset. All I've done is report something that had been challenged and explodes for what is racial abuse. And now I want to put an end to this episode put it behind me and concentrate on recovering from my injury to be ready for next season. I'm naturally relieved that the process is now complete and the FAA have old what upheld what I've always known to be true and that's disappointing to hear because I know kick it out to a couple of people at kick it out and with Troy and whatnot. That's disappointing. He feels that way people because obviously they should be the first people to make him feel welcome sort of thing show racism the red card as well. And I think Nico the sad realization is he'll understand as well by ourselves indistinct. There's no justice. There's no justice according to your skin because if other people was on the receiving end on end of racism that when it happens when it does happen, they're gonna calm down on certain people like a shit ton of bricks people you wait. I'm not I don't want to be that guy, but I'm To be honest, if a white player was on the receiving end of racism. Like let's like an English white white player. They would Reign the books down things would change. Why because he then they would see they don't take black issue seriously because we don't control anything and we're seeing as always complaining even if they're legitimate all I'll say is legal. Keep your head higher a black king your you know, your skin is wavy, you know, the big key caucus tears will it was probably, you know watching you and wishing, you know, she had a little piece of that as for Kiko Casteel out. You get slapped in your face, really and truly. He's got an A. He's got a likkle 5 6 TK Club will probably sponsored that and was it at eight game fine. He'll be a game been he'll be back shit garments. Okay, mom basically anyways, the PFA of said within your statement Jonathan legal expressed his disappointment with the process and the support he received. We'd like to apologize to Jonathan. We do not want any player to feel unsupported when going through something as difficult as this at the time of the incident. We reached out to the club to advise them that we have a dedicated equalities team in place that can support and guide Jonathan through the investigation and hearing process and I have to say big up West Brom as well man was Braum is very much a multicultural Club very much a community club in Birmingham a club which you can see identifies with the landscape of Birmingham and I really like the way they've Protected Their player. They've all come together as a club as an outsider looking in and there's also been some other clubs that have supported legal as well so sure. Did them shout to the people that have supported him that have that, you know provide this guidance for him. So yeah, man, he said yeah, they said they got a dedicated qualities team in place that can support and guide Jonathan and they said this is a usual procedure following a racial incident. Unfortunately on this occasion. We did not hear back and wrongly assumed Jonathan did not require our support but you should have pressed the matter. You should have forced the hand until he told you to f off we're grateful for Jonathan's feedback and Rovers will review. Majors to ensure we learn from this moving forward following the hearing. We reached out to Jonathan directly and subsequently arrange the meeting which is due to take place tomorrow, which is Thursday, which I'm now recording this on Friday. So that's happened. So funny game speaking like that, but you should have done what you needed to do. And the incident was at hand simple as that simple as that that is nothing more to be said on that. It's as simple as that and it's disappointing to hear that like everybody's got all the answers after the things happen. Like I'm not being funny. Any but if racism never gonna wait, but there's a red literally a racial incidents at all levels in this country from top to bottom every week. Every week is said I'm not saying Spurs fans. All right really goes wrong, but you look at rid of go not away from the incident how he was treated already shut up as a liar. Why would he want to speak out again to the people to be honest and it's all fun and games talking about Premier League championships sort of top level football. But what's going on at ligue 1 level lie to non-league all of these things. Things as sad as it is when it's not known players, like let's be honest a dream Sterling gets racially abused. It's not the same impact. It is the same impact in terms of the human but it's not going to be the same as if if I'm playing in League two, and I don't know I'm not saying not trying to put any more like this spot. Let's just say I play Grimsby Town someone called me the n-word it's not going to get clout. It's not gonna get traction No One's Gonna give a crap. We have to save ourselves man. And I don't know if that means X players put, you know, crowdfunding with each other and and and you know doing a kick it out thing. Ex-players for current Blaze sort of thing. I really going hard. I don't know. What I do know is that sit-in I don't have the answers to stop basis and will start racism in football. What I do know is this Kumbaya holding hands sort of shit that continues is not going to change anything. It's not going to change anything. I genuinely believe the fa the PFA you a far fee for all of these big governing bodies. I'm not saying them and they are races I'm saying they don't give a shit about racism because if they did they will come down on people like a ton of bricks. They Don't care because it doesn't affect them really and truly they had more personal experiences. There might be there might be something more to be said on that front people but they don't care. So what's the point continuing in speaking about it really and truly moving on to Spurs dull and I'm sure you've all seen the YouTube meme the YouTube vids to Twitter vids the memes of Eric day of climbing into this but into a Spur stand following the defeat on penalties in the FA Cup to Norwich big up knowledge for that result, by the way. Allegedly, dial was filmed in pictures on social media. Clive are not climbing over a row of seats before being involved in a confrontation police are aware of the incident but no allegations are no complaints have been made good old Tottenham a no snitching. No one saw nothing. No one heard nothing. I like that man. None of this nation thing moving away from that. No on a serious note dial with film jogging along the touchline at full time before leaping over their advert advertising hoardings and then clamoring over. Seats before appearing to Target one person. He is unable to reach as other supporters became involved and I would say one thing I feel sorry for is that obviously diary. It seems like quite a cool head calm and collected. Obviously. He's a professional footballer, but man have a have a breaking point. I don't know what we're said. There's been wholly / rumors there's been allegedly, you know, someone called gets and Fernandez something racist and died. I went to back it to which if true commendable then people said Died his brother was in the stands and for whatever reason people was getting at his brother try and then things there and obviously naturally he doesn't matter if your foot below earning a lot of money - your brother - your guy in it, that's your family. You're going to try and protect them to which Dyer has my respect in either way because I listen. I don't know dial I'm not scared fan, but I don't think there is a sort of person to want to jump over Holdings and put himself and and another fan at risk and all the headlines if there's not a legitimate reason. People and obviously he probably shouldn't have done it but people forget football is our human man people is have to take abuse and abuse and abuse and sometimes it's too far a man have a Breaking Point. I've told you that before irrelevant from this day a thing one day a fans going to get banged in the face people like friends are just going it's almost going to have enough especially with the social media and the Relentless never switching off because before obviously it was really just in that if you go back to that all four in that really criticism was just on the TV in the papers, you might see On the street they might call you crap, but more or less you're living in a bubble you're irrelevant. Now, you could play a match two weeks ago and you're reminded of how crappy played on social media you got bag of people with the stats at in you and and yeah, man dialysis diet doesn't strike me as someone that would do that on it. I don't know there's I'm happy not really matter, but it doesn't strike me as someone that's going to do that for no reason and jeopardize any sort of opportunity as a footballer. He has without a legitimate reason if it's racism. He has my respect if he's defending his brother. He has my respect. The deadly only to rumors I've seen I don't know where it is. But yeah, man, obviously you never want to see a play or put himself in danger because it could have been worse. I've actually more scared of Defense because they looked like he was ready to do sector to really put some working on someone and fans need to be easy man really need to calm it down moving away from that they'll people and I'm well, I'm sure you've all seen this Corona Ting this coronavirus. It's spreading like wildfire. It's sad. Claiming the lives of a couple people spreading in Europe be seen in Italy in particular football academies clothes Railways. Allegedly shot down normal service is just not being resumed. Allegedly serial games postponed / being placed behind closed doors and all these sort of things. Apparently the premier league has announced that the pre handshake pre-match handshake between both teams and officials will not take place until further notice because of fears over the spread of cut the cord. Coronavirus now I hear that I hear that it is logic to it. What football is a contact sport. So when these players shake hands after the game or touch each other, you know spuds in that or they get in touch tight and they're touching each other's faces or the marking what happens then I get it you're going to you trying to do what you can but it's almost irrelevant if they're going to touch each other anyways, like after every tackle you no want to strike when defend the both go for the ball, you know, they'll touch each other so good, you know, good good good contest meat so it's almost irrelevant. And I get it they have to try and stop something. It is concerning it is what it is. Like you see in a fact that has been ninety thousand cases of the virus in 87 countries already. So bit meds people it's a bit. It's a bit mad. I think California declared a state of emergency. I could be wrong in relation to in relation to this thing people. It's mad even if you go back to Arsenal when Arsenal in the Europa League, I saw this in the athletic apparently Arsenal oxy way for about the protocol. All in relation to Corona when it was announced that an Italian referee would be in charge of our game in the second leg against Olympiacos at the Emirates David Masa his assistants Felipe Melo and Alberto to go knee or from Lombardy and Amelia. Arunachala Ramada. I can't say it but apparently there's two regions which have suffered the biggest outbreak in Italy which obviously raised questions that we've asked know about hands. Aiken and spitting on the pitch. That's also something I forgot spitting as dirty as always manner spitting all over the field manner slide tackling you probably I've done it. You've probably all done it. I've consciously slid on some grass where someone's back it is what it is so you can catch that in like that. You see what I'm saying people. I don't know what to make of this Corona think I don't know sound like a conspiracy theories. I do think it's something very serious to take but it does feel I don't sound like no because Bruce Lee done but it does feel like there's a bit of propaganda. Going on but let's leave that man. We can talk about away from that. Let's just keep this football people moving away from that door and the corona Ting if I'm not moving away from it, really another incident Danish side brøndby have quarantined 13 people including a player and it assistant coach after former Denmark International Thomas kallenberg was diagnosed with Corona brumbies director of communications Christians Schultz has said collenberg contracted the virus. Iris in Amsterdam last weekend and was at the bromby game versus Link be on Sunday. So he got it in Holland. So yes every month and I don't know if it's true, but at a Spurs fan told me that son has had to stay because I think some went to South Korea and he's come back as a precautionary measure. He hasn't been allowed to join the group and stuff until whenever things happen in it. I don't know if that's true. I don't know if someone's pulling my leg and I don't know if someone's trying to abandon me, but I did hear that so it is said that you've got this Apparently Defender joke on vodka 21 is in quarantine alongside assistant coach Martin Ritt off while Ling be also have three players in isolation mud mud mud mud, hopefully, you know they get through what they get for really get back to good health and able to resume their careers as professional footballers people. It's quite sad that they're being quarantined and obviously they've got family and stuff like that moving away from the corona Ting and stuff now Dopey Carlo ancelotti have since been fined 8,000 pounds of accepting an FAA charge of misconduct following his red card after Sunday's draw with Manchester United. I mean Carlo ancelotti is fully right to feel aggrieved with a number of the decisions that went their way. And obviously he approached the referee Chris come back. Chris can vain ugh Kevin egg Chris Cavanaugh big following the final whistle after obviously Calvin lewin's Lake always ruled out for offside. He has become the first manager to be shown a red card in the Premier League by allegedly. He'll be in The Dugout to face former Club Chelsea on Sunday. So was their point of the Red Guard. I don't know man. I think the rest is being a pump on me but moving away from that though and my Legend the best footballer ever to kick a ball. I don't care how many stats other Dunn's get what they do. They'll always over ever be rumrunner Dean. You're no one can play the game like you're not going to do what he does. I don't care how many goals how many calendar neat yid? Of a guy school goes there's no nobody's better run at Dino's in anomaly. He is irrelevant when you're looking in the god section of footballers. He is there with The Gatekeepers along with Thierry Henry, of course Ronaldo Lima and the rest of them Messi Ronaldo Messi Ronaldo the rest of them but irrelevant from football apparently Brazilian Legend Ronaldinho has been arrested in Paraguay for allegedly using false documentation to enter the South American country. So possible the 39 year old who's won the World Cup was Chained in the resort Yauch and Golf Club Paradise Isle along with his brother Roberto on Wednesday night. The ministry of interior of Paraguay has confirmed according to newspaper passports were found in the hotel bearing the names of Ronaldinho and Roberto with a power guy and nationality so them and they are moving buki and that's sad to hear from Ronaldinho man get through that mount for leaky. Make it back home and return safely away from that door. UEFA will introduce fickle lines for offside decisions reviewed in the Champions League and Europa League by video assistant referees VAR in a bid to encourage more goals. Next season. The new lines part of me, which may yet be used in the Summers European championships can be used under existing laws of football UEFA President Alexander. Shivering says he has been in talks with the organization's referee and officials to rule out. The changes to ensure sides are not ruined by one wrong decision. Listen, I'm not going to say anything on VA. I'm tired. I'm speaking about VAR V weekdays. The goal posts are being moved people one minute video is sending off one guy. The same thing is happening. The next week is to be AI is not going to be used for these videos not being used to pull up refereeing decisions. It's just a mockery VAR all over is being used as a mock bot. I'm more leaning towards the Premier League the Premier League need to uefa's irrelevant from the Premier League, but it needs to fix up - it's very jarring man. You see is extremely jarring. I'm not going to lie to you look people on that note we might as well quickly review the Premier League action from last week as you'll already know. What food who are still in the relegation Zone got a big three points defeating Liverpool three goals to nil. Now a lot of Liverpool fans. I speak to Amanda run Landing that genuine I get that you're genuinely upset you're chasing greatness, but calm down like you're moving that they're moving like they lost illegal at calm down. You still legal in the win. The league is still the first championship in 30 years still bullying the Ahem, it just is what it is. You have to hold your help. There's probably a bit of fatigue and and whatnot, but it just wasn't your day against Watford to lose three. Nil. Obviously, you gotta go to the drawing board watch reviews and see where you went wrong because you won't be losing three Neil to relegation said threatened side better yet, but you have to hold your L shout. It is Melissa for them to goals and my favorite. Was it Dean who scored one? It might have been Dean I could be wrong or was it to Cory? I can't remember but either way great performance from Watford to ensure Arsenal lost. Invincibles and to be fair. Liverpool can be proud. They can be proud of this Premier League side is one of the best sides in the Premier League in history in terms of League titles because I think invincibles for me is always going to be the best you look at you've got the invincibles. You've got numerous Manchester United sides. You've got the CD sides not just on the pit. But whatever you've got Josie's Elite sides at Chelsea and Liverpool now being thrown into that debate and rightly. So you look at the points you look at the drawers you look at the winds. You look at the goals they have Have every reason to be in that debate. They just not Invincible, which it is what it is. It would have been icing on the crema on top of the cake. Whatever the saying is, but it is what it is you go again next week Liverpool like it is what it is. You hold your are you lost? Yeah, Villa versus Sheffield United was obviously postponed due to Village participation in the League Cup Final in which they lost a Manchester City and I vaguely mentioned it. Congratulations to Manchester City if I haven't said that already four Even the first piece of silverware up for grabs of the Season technically, obviously Manchester United and Everton drew 1-1 that was quite a decent game from from Kowloon enrich our lesson and the boys nice to see Manchester United drop two points, and I hope everyone drops plants, especially with the top four raised wolves came back against Spurs and defeated them three goals to to shout to him and says shout your to played. Well if I remember correctly lovely win for Spurs, it's another Conceding cheap goals taking the lead and failing to get the result just being part of overall bad form because they've lost now there are the FA Cup. Now another defeat is with that is always going to be more question marks on is Josie the right man to do this all these players good enough because I think we need to remember Spurs are in the relegation Zone when they click pots because right now it don't look like they should have got rid of punch. It makes no difference, but they were and I think they should have kept him for it's worth but we need to remember Spurs. We're in the relegation Zone and thing so Josie has done some stuff. But I do think the classic issues with Joe they are starting to become a parent. I do think they need to rebuild any better players. I'm going off topic, but you look at that game against Norwich. I'm seeing Skip and weeks in the Midfield Norwich my soul of that because you know, there's no inspiration in that Midfield, you know, neither player has the ability to consistently play them forward passes. You just know they're they're like two Lambs ready to be slaughtered essentially. So there's a lot of question marks over Spurs, obviously. Last week was a good one because they both dropped point and wolves and whoa wolves eat beets bears and wolves are very much in the top four is but anytime supposed to do this decent. So Spurs drop points United drop points Liverpool lost. It was a decent weekend for Arsenal fans and it got better because got just focusing on London Spurs are all mean Ops but we've also got them other books that used to have that bully job bot in South London, or they technically says West they technically say they're in West London, but South London, we know you're in South you're closer to Fulham than anything make Chelsea they away to Bournemouth through two goals to to shot themselves in the foot after taking the lead obviously balm of scored two goals and scared them and Marco salons all rescued appoint two points firmly dropped for lampard's men and I'm sure that's how they'll look at it. So you're not it drop points Chelsea drop point Spurs dropped point and it just makes the race for fourth and fifth allegedly even more intense even further because less they've been doing their anything but they've been a bit shaky this season so they could be third could be up for grabs. I think they've got it but you never know Liverpool drop points by see relevant that kiss Maddie relevant that little put your points are still winning the league they still got good shots of the Champs. It's Maddie relevant. I think they're out of the FA Cup as well. If I remember correctly. I mean livable never take the FA Cup seriously underclock really but it is what it is Newcastle and Burnley Drew nil-nil, which is a good point for both sides in my opinion Crystal Palace versus Brighton. What I'm told that's a sort of Darby either way Crystal Palace snatch the points and they will give you the fat Bryan fans will give his heart a lot of sticking in him. But yeah, my mom's our house the last the one laughing as his team playing all three plates moving away from that though people and if we should we look at the Premier League first, we should we reviewed last week. So should we preview let's preview this week's now I'm going to ask the versus West time at three o'clock people and that's the game. I'm looking. Very forward to I see it as a buki game really because I think we can beat West Ham. But if I'm Wes how much I should try and be confident. They got their first winning around eight games or so against Southampton like our Swiss time don't keep many clean sheets. So it's gonna be I think it's going to be a fairly even contest but I expect Arsenal to win if you're asking me I'm gonna go with to one or snow maybe even three one Arsenal don't make me look stupid. Let me touch bear with this is funny. Much looking forward to being at the Emirates and seeing that game really and truly but before that lunchtime kickoff more or less Liverpool gets boom of Liverpool after what happened against Watford want to get back to winning ways and there's probably a lot of frustration to take out on Boomer from Liverpool. If you're born with there is some inspiration to take playing a fellow top six rival and claiming points of Chelsea. They given Arsenal a tough time this season and I'm sure they've claimed other points of talk to you. That's where they technique what they've got. Four Points of Chelsea did they not beat them at the bridge? So there's every reason for them to be confident and that realistically you'd expect warm of to lose. If you've met in your savings you'd expect form of to lose. Let's be honest people. So use that to your advantage. I have a bit of a nothing to lose mentality. I think Liverpool will get back to winning ways and run Riot firmly in that game people, but you never know you really never know. So we'll have to see wolves play Brighton, which is a fairly even is a fairly and it's not even even Loser bad and then but in terms of had to bet on that is fair, it's fairly even contest. I'd probably do both teams to score. I bet wolves to win that but that's going to be a decent game. And as you know, Wolf's it sixth in the league after a big three points or fellow Rivals for Champions League spaces Spurs, you know, they can make some ground and people Newcastle against Southampton. That should be a decent Clash. You've got Chelsea against Everton ancelotti returns to Stamford Bridge. In the opposition Dugout, hopefully reach our listen Calvert Luann can spoil the day from for Chelsea from a that perspective. But you did Imagine That to be an even game. You've got Lester against Villa on Monday, you'd expect less than to win. But you never know with Villa who are its that we're getting to that point in the some in the season now where there's potentially going to be some dodgy results like you saw with what food because people are fighting relegation because of that mentality of your being backed into a corner do you fight back or do you curl into a ball? You're going to see a couple of them relegation sides claim Point. She didn't expect them to claim really and truly people. I'm not going to lie to you lot. You will see that if I haven't said it Sheffield United welcome Norwich to their pleas Crystal Palace. Welcome Watford. You've obviously got Burnley. Welcome Spurs, you've got on Sunday the big one and Manchester Derby. You're here in McGuire might not play in that you're here and Kevin De bruyne also might not playing that maybe both sides red and blue are playing a bit quiet not trying to give away. 18 news, but that's going to be an interesting one. I'm sure they'll the one you're going to look at his day or you wouldn't be looking at dick. Normally you wouldn't look at the heel but for a number of times now, he's looked a shadow of his former self and I'm sure someone must have compiled his biggest mistakes or if he has an unnecessarily made mistakes in the last two years. There's been goals. He could have done better with so I don't know. What's the problem with the hair. Is he stagnating has he learned it has he lost his hunger. Is it a natural decline? Because you need to remember. I know he's only a goal. But he's been playing for a minute, you know, forgive me if I'm wrong more or less a teenager. How much does that make sense? I don't know cuz I'm sure cool toys when playing from also a teen and is also of similar ages and he looked like he was a flop at Madrid but now he looks like he's turning around. I think it's a hunger thing and a stagnating thing man. I don't know of the hair needs a new goalkeeping coach if he needs Dent Dean Henderson to come back from Sheffield United and but obviously I you on the top day day is probably a better keep it in Henderson. One comment form Henderson's ahead of him. And at least in a while Henderson would be that United Keeper at least without bringing someone in that might shock there anything I my position is under threat, you know, because let's be honest Lee Grant isn't going to do that or mail is firmly second choice. Romero's actually catching a lot of heat for saving Wayne Rooney shot people. I mean, I've never seen such a reaction to a goalie keeping a clean sheet in a negative way it light-hearted, but obviously people wanted really to school so we'll have to see what's happening in that. Man, some interesting Premier League fixtures. I'm not gonna lie to your people. If you want to know that League table will do it from bottom to top so you 19th. You've got Aston Villa in 18th. You've got ball Murph 17th. You've got what food you are going to be fighting relegation Austin what obviously going to Welcome to the Emirate 16th Place West Ham who need to put results together Brighton off 15th, Southampton and Newcastle or 13th and 14th, respectively so you can see why that's an important class. Between them two sides people Everton in our 11th Orson what 10th Battalion 9th you've got Sheffield in eight Spurs or seventh the top six reads wolves Manchester United in V Chelsea of full Leicester city firmly and third and we all know if there's not going to really be any Bhajan in relation to Liverpool and Manchester City live upon 79 Points city on 57 Lester or 50 Chelsea on 40. I've United don't fool each user if they win and results Go a different way. I don't know for gold difference, but they can make some ground the singles four walls. If they win, they can move above United without speaking about goal difference and really put pressure on you've got you've got Spurs on 40 points. I'm going to skip a bit you've got Arsenal 37, so it's going to take us at least two games to get back and we need to beat West Ham because on Wednesday, who are we playing in our game and hand people if you're not aware of the News Manchester City, we need to take this almost a 6.0 against West Ham because if you're honest play and cities a free hit it's a free hit is artists first journey back there but it's a free kick was most people expect us to get our asses handed to us and which typically happens. When was the last time we won their sweat with Santi Cazorla uncock aline's master class last time we wonder it would be lovely to win away from home against the top six rival, but I'm not gonna you know, don't think too far ahead, but I'm not going to hold my breath. If in relation to that one folks, we can hope and pray and pray whatever God you you believe in pray people cause I'm acting for us and on Wednesday never gonna speak anymore on that one day but moving forward and finally we might as well speak about some transfer business that I've seen online. The first one is Harry Kane allegedly has been reported that Harry Caine is considering his future with Spurs and a move to Manchester United appeals to him. It's reported that Kane is less. Going to hang around Spurs while they rebuild and sees the road to the Premier League and sees the road to the Premier League or european Glory as a long one. It is believed Kane sees Manchester United as a club beginning to refine their feet as a Powerhouse of English football. Obviously, we all know he's still out with a groin injury. I mean not a grain is still at least it out with a severe hamstring not he's expected to return in April. He's got an eye on the Euros. He's 26 So I guess within his next four years. He really wants to win significant trophies. And I do think it would be a serious heartfelt decision for Kane to leave but it might be the right one. I mean if Real Madrid still legitly want him. That's a movie should make Manchester United. Of course Manchester United are in the same boat as spurs in that yes United and they have money and obviously the appeal to return to the elite hearing. They've got Dale bringing in Saint Joe. There is good things to be done. Especially if party no goals did that could be something that appeals to Kane. But surely and again, I think everything said about my United these facts, but surely if he was going to entertain any think you would entertain potentially remove the city if anything obviously the platino factor with United but obesity or abroad if anything you could write a case for Liverpool in that they're linked with Verna, but can you see that move happening? I don't know. You're probably looking at ridiculous some for Cannes and move to a premier league side. And I think you might be the only team to pee really so is going to take a lot money is going to take a lot. I don't know when Kane lost signed a new contract, but this could also be a contract employee as well. I don't know moving away from that apparently William has rejected Chelsea's new attempt to secure him to if to Fresh terms Reports say William 31 has been offered a two-year deal by Lampard, but it's reckon really and wants a three-year deal apparently doesn't offer from Spurs and he did complete as far as medical years ago. Maybe I'll actually see the whole thing through See you in enough moving away from that apparently asked of open talks over 23 million. Someone moved for feyenoord turkey under-21 midfielder or can cocky. Pardon me. So we'll see how that one develops Calvin Woon is ready to commit his future to Everton by signing a new long-term deal which lasted until 25 which is probably a reward for his decent form keeping up with Everton Everton of put their cells in the race to sign Celtics or order God 22 year old Stryker after conducting several scouting trips on the light. So we'll see how that one goes Everton up apparently going for a play. He's been linked with both Spurs and Arsenal Gabrielle 22 years of age that plays for Leo the Brazilian centre-half The Independent Records, they're in talks to sign the lead. So we'll see how that one goes. Even though I Teta played it down. Apparently we're open to complete in. Permanent move for some bios, but we haven't made any contact so we read into that one. What we what you can apparently Austin Spurs sorry already to offer homegrown midfielder Oliver. Skip a new contract. Apparently Arsenal keeping tabs on gent Canadian Striker Jonathan David. Apparently the French Football Association has received confirmation from PhD that they don't want their Striker and bad fake playing in the Olympics, which I believe players should be free to decide that themselves man because I mean killing them back pay you'd imagine he's going to be a Champions League. We're not when he retires but he's won the French league everything a French division forgive me has to offer him. He's a World Cup winner. The chance to be an Olympian is something any Sportsman would would want so if he really wants to do that, I believe. You should be granted that but of course is killing and bad be Dre's Dre's Mertens dries Mertens rumors to Arsenal won't go away. Apparently unbrotherly. Good news, though. Both Arsenal and Everton have missed out on the chance to sign him as his release closed to foreign clubs only has expired but as we all know allegedly, he is a free truck. He is a free agent come to summer. So Make of that what you will sort of thing. I think I'm missing things out people. So let me quickly scroll up. There we go. Apparently Arsenal our subject of a payment demand from Independence Day regarding Emilio Martinez. He's been here for 10 years arrived at 17. I believe is 27 now. Apparently the article says the goalkeeper move to Austin when he was 17 and 2010 and there were several Clauses as part of the transfer independent claim that one of those Clauses meant that Arsenal needed to pay. Half a million pounds that money has not been paid the Argentinian saucer of suggest independent have been attempting to contact us know about the payment but have not gotten an appropriate response so far allegedly the deal to bring him. To Arsenal's a deal for one point three five million pounds with this payment said to be on top of that some so if we've all their money, we've got a random the piece people but it seems that we're pulling a fast one. Our testers also said he wants a bad man to stay under any circumstances and he's allegedly said we're going to begin a new deal talks for a new contract, but he says he needs to know his intentions in relation to a bad man. Think it's too little too late in that regards. We'll have to see what happens in relation. Two dot but in relation to this podcast, I don't think there's much more to talk about. Like I said people is really it's a slow day man. Sadly. We've had to speak about racism. We embed a new using spoken about the Premier League and stuff like that without a little bit of banter on Spurs. We've covered the day of stuff it is what it is in that regards people. So yeah, there's not much more to expand or say so I'll block you again next week this time. Make sure you check it out. He's always going to come out on Friday as well will review the previous Premier League action. Ian with preview the week to come and speak about any sort of topics that catch my eye. I feel need to be mentioned. I try and do my podcast a little less Arsenal Centric and do more General topics and stuff. But if you're looking for that Arsenal stuff then hit up my YouTube channel. I must admit I am tempted to start putting my videos like cutting out the MP4 and just taking the MP3 and just uploading them as well as the podcast on to the spotify's the Apple musics, etc. Etc. If that's what you guys Is what then please someone let me know man because I'm always trying to make things easy for you. I understand some people like to sit down and watch content some people like to listen certain people. They might not be able to watch the Youtube video right now. So, you know, they'll listen to the podcast. You know, I'm trying I just want to make it easier for you to understand. Everyone's got different jobs. Everyone's living different lives, but we'll connected through football some you know, whatever I can do to even see me the other day little that clipping the ones that let the ones that I'm not allowed to put a little vids on. Graham called always think I'm on Instagram. You know what let me but these videos on there because someone might you know just be on Instagram. I can view my team quickly doesn't need to switch apps than that. So I'm always trying to make it easier for you lot. So anything you looking tell me to do to guide me to that. Please allow me to to do that, but I have to know it first people on that note. I'm going to kick out man people as usual. I appreciate all the support again, especially as I hit 20K Subs on my YouTube channel. Hopefully we can Keep growing for everything. Hopefully I've given you lots of meaningful content on that note though. I'm really out of it. Thank you for listening. Check out my other content check out my details in the description or did this podcast if you want to follow me and stuff like that check out the previous podcast. If you ain't check them out check out my new YouTube content, you know, we've got contents for days. Friday's is actually q a day. So if you like to shop, you should ask your questions, but for now until we link back people stay safe. God bless. Deluded I'm out.