Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't use the position where you're going.Wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't say hi. And everybody George he's making a my Turbo return. No, I don't mean like hi to everyone. I mean like hi to everyone I said everyone know, okay, whatever and here we go. So we've got George here and we have a pretty good topic for you guys today. I think you guys are gonna like this. Okay. It's going to be a little controversial but I think regardless you've been saying this for the gust 20 episodes. No, I just actually had now we can't do that. I just had an idea for a topic but we'll save it for a future episode. We'll come back to that later. Anyway, so here we go guys the topic for today. Mmm. That's some spicy meatballs. You guys are gonna like this. This one okay, it is. People hey, hey mister snorri muffin, but it is it is people should not be allowed to live alone. Um Pom-Pom know essentially the to countering positions on this one, which I think this is going to be a prime topic for like an actual good debate that will have some interesting social ramifications and it's gone. Maybe be a little bit spicy little bit sad, we'll see where it takes us. But essentially it would be that there would be a law passed mandating that you are not allowed to live alone. Basically, you have to either have a roommate live in a house or location with other people sharing your living space will be will be very specific then mean you have to have a roommate in A room just you have to have a shared living space of some kind. Okay, and that you can't just have a house all to yourself or an apartment all to yourself. Okay. All right. This is gonna be interesting. I think what do you think charge you think this is going to be an interesting topic? We'll have to wait and see you never know. It could be the most interesting topic of all time. Mmm. I think we will have Wayne see hmm. Now you just gonna stop there. They hand I can anyway all joking aside. Here we go. We are going to begin this topic. So first things first frame when is never showed up to the debate show how it works is we're going to pick the topic randomly one of us will be in favor of mission adrenaline the position. Sorry one of us will be in favor of it and one of us will be opposed to it and then we randomly pick that and anything we say from that. On it's not our actual position or our actual views. It's just a part of the show. Our goal is to make you guys support the side at least support or to get you to think we're doing the best job defending argument because we're going to have a pull at the end and you guys get to vote on who you felt defended their argument the best not necessarily who you like the most you ready to go charge. I'm ready to me like pick the side. Yep. We're going to pick this side. So, okay. Heads or tails for will say being in favor of this new law that people should not be allowed to live alone heads or tails. Oh, I will be heads. Alright, so Siri says heads then you are in favor of this long if serious is Tails, I will be in favor of Lon okay we go. Hey Siri flip a coin Oh my goodness. Come on Siri case Terry with a coin. If it's a please hey, that was a really clear heads. Like there's no there's no heads or tails or coin sound or anything. It's just heads and almost like he had the pre-recording ready to go play that game. I'm willing to flip it one more time. If you don't trust me, that's fine. That's what I thought. So shut your mouth. Anyway, here we go. Are you ready? So I'm in favor. Eva you are in favor of the law that people are not allowed to live alone. Okay, you have so sharing a partner against house. I am against this law. I think people should be allowed to live alone if they want to and okay. All right, here we go. Do you want to open and go first or should I go I want you to go first. You want me to go first? All right. So remember in the opening arguments Section we're not necessarily supposed to address each other. We're just necessarily saying our opening arguments. All right. Here we go. No, hello, everybody. First off. I want to say that I am against this proposed law. This proposed bill that people should be required to live with someone else. Hey, I think we can all think of a dozen reasons why this should be the case one of the most important reasons, which I will be touching on as we go is privacy, okay. A privacy in that people do not want to have someone living in their house or living in their space. Sometimes sometimes people just one of their space to themselves. You don't want to have someone maybe when you don't know or someone you don't really know that well, oh government says you gotta live with someone and I got this person just live in and that could make some people feel insecure. Some people be worried about the Privacy bunch of different reasons. I think that alone despite there being some benefits is enough that I think this is a stupid idea. But uh, yeah good weight just summarize you just it's just about privacy. Those are my opening arguments go. Okay. Remember you're not supposed to dress my okay. Okay wasn't for your old segments. Okay, go so my so obviously taking a long time Jerry Trainor think so no no, no minute. Listen Okay got my okay. So the law that people should wait people need should not be allowed to live people should not be allowed to live alone. Okay, so just so I'm not allowed to address your one. Okay, so how's it going with new stuff? Okay. So you also you have done this before I know it was a while ago. It was a while ago. Hey, so people should not be allowed to live alone that makes complete sense bad. So if you live on your own, you're actually susceptible to many problems. That would not be the case if you lived with. Other people so when you live on your own, let's say you want to go somewhere. Okay. Oh look your house is now completely empty and a target for thieves. Hey, if you lived with someone then there will be someone at home to protect all your stuff though. So there's good because that means you won't get robbed as often and also, Living on your own it can be boring and not much to do if you were forced to live with someone then you will be happier as a result. Now you talked about privacy? Oh, you can live with people and still have privacy. It's not like they're forcing you to always be together. There's rooms in a house has you have even locks on your own door, which people do have because there are people that live with people they don't know and they just have locks on their doors and that can be fine though living being forced to live with other people is an overall good idea because we will become safer happier and and living with someone else and promote good stuff and all right. I assume you're done. Yes. Alright perfect argument has come to a close your argument is good stuff. All right, George you almost convinced me just by the fact that the idea of you living alone is horrifying and you obviously need a caretaker. So no, but in all seriousness, we're getting into the main part of the debate show where Miami questions. George during your argument that your brain dude this sound Glory but that's exactly what I thought. All right. It's okay George George. Yeah. So your whole thing is you need someone at home to protect your stuff. Your burden was privacy George. Your whole thing was just privacy. That's have you heard of a locks though. Yeah, I guess I miss. Slow know me better person look listen, you think every person that gets Rob just left their house unlocked. I'm sure some of them left their house in the night unsecured state, but you're also I know in America are holding is Stone exist in a few notes it having someone in your house not gonna stop your your they're people who have their houses robbing what's on their opening was in my mouth? I'm not implying. Well, no because because people get robbed even when they have lock It's a lot less likely to get robbed when people are home. Okay, while that is true people still get robbed when they're home. So the point is that it's generally having someone in your home. People are hos not a magic protect yourselves better. If you just one little muffin in your house and some guy tries to rob you and your course I've got it's a 1v1 and you're caught off guard and they probably got some kind of natural Advantage, you know, like they've just got the element of surprise probably lose and they're going to take you Real muffins, but if you have someone with you and you are much more protected and you can defend yourself so having somebody at home that can be a victim because if everybody has people at home than the robbers are just going to have to rob the houses with people in them, aren't they? They've got to go. Well, no, this will be putting them into robots. No, it's not going to put an end to rubbing because even if you have someone living in your house does it mean they're going to be in your house? So what you're just going to have your roommate just home. Hey, roomie. I'm going to work. I know you have a job too. But just stay home. We had to keep our place from being wrong. We don't have locks because we can't afford them. Okay, so my points a lot but your point was just privacy, which is also which is a very wrong concern. No, it's not a genuine concern because like I said, it was that not a genuine concern with me my privacy in your house living in your space one. You just brought up this over. You can have someone prevent you help keep your house from getting robbed. What if that person staying your house is the person you should be watching out for what if they're the one who's like, okay. Well, that's all your stuff. Okay? Well, that's unfortunate. Anyone that could happen to anyone forced. Okay? Yes, it's unfortunate. If you just so happen to get someone that wants to rob you then guess what you can also rub them back. You can also you can have security cameras and checking if some random guy comes into your house and Rob's you, you know. Gonna know who they are. If you're only living with Rob's you you're gonna be able to bring justice justice no walks, but you'll have security camera. I'm not saying no your house why he's saying no logs obviously still having his your whole thing was people are gonna rock your house. Yes, you don't Aslan in there and it look they're just gonna like it. W I currently our door open and I probably still wouldn't get robbed. If I was in the house like no one is don't get wet the the chant the odds of you getting robbed when someone's at Miss so much people robbed all have you ever have you ever met her at home? Have you ever been robbed? Yes, will you at home? Yes. What? No, you were not. Yes. I lies. No, you were not. Yeah. You're right. It's your life's at home. When was this? I have told this story many times before this. So I made up story. Well, yes being the hunter Sinai was hundred percent of the time so I didn't really know. I was home. I am telling my story first time I was robbed. No, we're going off-topic. Second time. You asked your sympathy for getting like it is. Can you believe this muffin? I said I was wrong. First time. I was robbed. I wasn't home second time. I was robbed. I was the first time you wanted there and it's the same person both times. Okay. Well clearly they've got a vendetta or about you clearly but George you just I'm sorry to say but your whole stick is people will be safer by forcing them to live with people because Safety as if that really makes them anymore safe, I've already addressed how a just because you have someone living in your house with you doesn't mean they're going to be in there all the time. So this idea that they're just going to be around all the time to keep on saying they're going to be all the whole time. You're the same. Correct? No, I'm not saying they're gonna be the whole time I'm saying what if they're working out when you're working. So they're out of the house. Boom your place gets robbed congrats having somebody else in the house didn't help you one iota Nobody will help you because in general the overall percentage of time that someone will be in the house will increase and I'm going to be out at the that was living increase then they're not sinking their lifestyle up to you. Exactly not necessarily say that it will only increase say that because I think sometimes this can increase by a small fraction because odds are they're going to have the same working as you do unless you find someone who works from home so odds are there's going to be a Trigger Time where they're not a at home and if the criminals washing thing about see the worker who you match them up with people that don't walk home. Oh, so now you want to select don't be mad people off of the people that were gonna be living in a home that's going to be empty like eight hours of the day is now populated by someone who can protect the the property. Yeah. Well is that it will definitely empty will no longer be like that while I'm how does a thing How does it work I was saying people the bill. Is that something you have your forced to live with someone? How does that work? It says you cannot live alone. So you can pick who you want to live with what if you don't pick any one then you have to find a place to live. You are not allowed to live in a house if you're living alone. That's the way it works is also there's another benefit to not living alone. Is that what happens if you get injured? In your whole the police who know what happens. If you get injured to a point where you cannot call the police and you don't call the police you call the ambulance, but what do you mean? Okay, let's just say for example, there is a an accident where you don't know the a big heavy item falls off the top of the shelf and lands on your hand and All over and you're on the ground and you're bleeding odds are you're probably gonna die. Yeah, if you lived on your own it now odds are even if you have for you to go underneath. Yes. Okay. No, well, then. No, you are the person that you were with person that you live with can quickly identify their below. What was that sound? Let me go investigate you are on the go and they're gonna call the ambulance and you're going to be saved be glad you have to live with something. Yeah ambulance. The ambulance will come and get you to your hospital. They will then steal all of your possessions. Okay need your advice. Them is going to be just robbed them back who's gonna steal your passions are gonna steal your stuff while you're in the hospital. You just surprised me was having with yes. No, no, everyone's a few. The one is that I just ride them back. If you're painting your everyone is a thief. Okay? No, I'm just gonna Rob them back when I get when my roommate calls the ambulance for me and I get taking the hospital and I'm not at home. I think it's quite my roommate to robbing the person that you live with its own. You think huh? What what you're gonna do and then just leave and take you're gonna rob anyone. You don't rub the person you're living with. Okay. Well, what makes you think they're not just gonna okay now that you're out of the house. They just leave and up nose at home in your house gets robbed. The point is you can Miguel the safety arguments. And the point is you're actually point is you've only made one argument and it's about privacy. Yeah, because lets you know, what? Wow, this is with someone and oh no, you might Actually see each other when you go down food from Leverage and is so sad George. I got a question for you. Okay? You be fine with staring living space with a random person on the street the stands and I'm going to be at the no going to be on the street. No, no if and just I have done my rent. No I'm saying if just point out a random person. Would you be fine with having them come into your living space and live with you? Would you be fine with that would most people be fine with that? That's not the point. No, I can't Point charge. Good talk for everyone. I don't know what I want. Like let's go through the scenarios. Okay, either a people will have people that they know that hey need his voice and what he tells about your privacy concerns. Guess what? That's what I'm talking about. Give me a second address it I don't know you because here the situations that are going to occur. Number one people will have a person that they know and can I also just kind of school so quickly say what emotionally some more? Yeah you initially you just hit you. Wasn't I yeah a person Rob's you and you know, it's them then. Yeah Rob them back. You can steal your stuff bag. But go ahead. Continue your argument. Are you done? Yeah, I'm done. So I get to talk now. Yes, you're not gonna ask me a question. And then I wrap me. I just had to say that okay, but you're not going around me this time right unless he saw doing something else that needs addressing a less. I said be careful what you said your argument then you're gonna jump in and eat and self-defeating at you started telling it which I that protected it. I just need to know am I going to be interrupted again? Okay, go ahead. No, you're not going to get in my you sure do I have your permission. You have my permission. Oh great, George. I have your permission to speak ma'am. You have my permission to speak. Okay. Thank you. I just want to make sure are you sure I can go if you like what are you doing it? You can just why are you wasting time don't have an argument? Okay. I'm going I'm gonna go again. Stop asking me if as I as I was saying the scenarios that people are going to be in is either a they will have a friend relative or otherwise that they will I'll be able to share a living space with or B. They will not have a friend relative or otherwise someone they know that they will be able to share a living space with. Okay, and this is where privacy becomes a important factor. You will have a bunch of people who don't have anyone in the area that they're in that they would feel comfortable sharing a living space with that. They would be required to find someone to share a living space. Do you see the problem there with essentially taking a bunch of people who will not have anyone they would be comfortable in their house or in their apartment and now they're told no you have to have one of those people you're not comfortable with in your house or apartment. There you go. Slowly. We will that's when I said, hold on when I said imagine somewhere random person on the street coming in and living with you. That's what it's just essentially going to be you will have people just with strangers in their house who are not going to be down. That how are you okay with that you wouldn't be comfortable having a stranger live in your house. I sleep with other people you've lived with strangers just you just walked into someone's house and was like, hey guys, I'm here don't quite gonna live in your house. I've lived with people that I had no idea who they were. Okay, who were these people? I don't know. They were just people that I had to live with there's just people you had to liver. Yes. Oh, yeah. You want to go into more detail? Well, I could I don't see why it's relevant. Okay, if it's relevant it dear the one who brought it up. So I'm just saying I've lived with people who I had no idea who they were until I live with them. I'm curious to hear any background behind this situation because the sounds interesting University. Okay. Well University is a teeny bit different. You're on a secure campus. It's not a copy. Okay, but you're in a more secure setting where at least you know, that this person has a vested interest in to robbing you and to your stuff. This isn't just living like we're in some random apart. Why did they have any less inclination to rob me than someone off the streets? Well, I guess you could just rub them back. So yeah same exactly. Yes. This is that's like situation where like you when the thing that you can do to someone can easily be done back to you you in general don't do that bad thing because they can just do it back to you waited. Like for example, if I just came up to you and store in the face, that would probably be a bad idea because you would probably then slap me back in the video by a bunch of ramen while you're at University not a bunt why but you bought a bunch of ramen on my recommendation, right? I don't think that was me. I'm mixing up with someone probably all of that might have been ponk but why you are punks a great example his roommates kept stealing this food. What should he have done? Charge? Rob is gonna feedback just chill here. We don't know who they are talking about. We're just gonna ignore that he food and then he could have stolen that ripped the expensive to it. And she's a college student LED and talk about their stuff. well I don't know. I'm so I think you're going off topic though. I was looking you up with someone else for me to say that I apologize only argument was about privacy. Okay. Now you can leave someone and still have privacy like really cool when I was at University. We have locks on our doors. Okay? Yes. We have we still share like the same communal areas the same bath in the same kitchen the same whatever it would have been impossible once and it Fine and I had no idea who they were. They were just people off the street essentially and there was no problems Phil. Hey, it was impossible for them to get new room and go through your stuff. Yes. I had a lock on my door. Okay, and it was a high security lock with a very beefy key. Well, the fact that it is or isn't is neither here nor there. It could have been a point is is have been if you want to upgrade the lock on your door you can go for you can have a bank vault door if you want bad. No one's stopping you from installing a good door. Okay, but that's not the reality of the world. We live in a people aren't going to be able to afford really expensive high security interior doors be that's not going to make someone feel secure that you have some flimsy interior door protecting your room and you have to sleep in the same space as someone who in the middle of the night might decide. Hey, you know what? I'm going to come in there and see what's going on there. Well, I can I could happen even if you want sharing houses with people but Having somebody outside of your household your extra layers of security your house is always vulnerable if someone wants to come into your house regardless of a is a Godless someone want to hang with you without my permission with the intent of doing are making every course in that I can shave them you live on your own you are a lot more susceptible to getting muffined. Okay getting muffin. How by someone who wants to often here But what do you mean if someone wants to rub you and you live on your own? It's a lot easier than if you don't live on your own didn't you literally just say a couple minutes ago how having somebody in your house would help prevent you from being robbed? Yes, it does. So that's what I'm saying this straight. You're a gonna have someone alone in your house to help make your house less probable right? Because they'll be someone there at pretty much most of the time throughout the day, but at the same time you just said being Learn in your house put you at greater risk. So you're essentially saying that person who's gonna be a loan to keep an eye on this stuff is gonna be at Great risk because they're gonna be alone. Oh my God. No, that's literally what you're saying. No to silently are when if you live on your own and you leave the house is now empty. The house is basically the easiest thing to gain access to you can just smash a window and you're in you know, it's sort of someone being in in the house have to do with them not being able to smell cause if someone when your when when you're robbing a house bad if you see the lights are on maybe you see someone through the window. You probably don't want to go to that house unless there's a specific reason that you're going to that house you live in a fantasy world where people don't get robbed if they're at home because it sounds like it happens a lot less. Okay, so you're just going with it. So it doesn't happen because it happens a lot less. Really, you know signs your argument them and all you need is my argument if people are always in their house like that then if no houses are empty. Then the criminals are just going to start robbing houses with people in them know they always means more people are gonna know because think about the only reason criminals might choose to rob an empty house is because empty houses are available. If you create a situation where there are no empty houses because most people have people living in the Their houses than guess what the criminals now have no choice, but to rob houses that have people in them whenever graduations Georgia. Stop robbing houses risk. If you want to pay less to pretend for the sake of argument you were going to rob a house. Okay. Now you have house a which has who people inside of it? Okay house be that has zero people inside of it. Which one would you prefer to Rob on the contents are identical is the exact same house. Everything is Same except for that. There's two people in one of them which ones you want to Rob. Probably the one with no people in it. Oh, that's very interesting that you would say that because that's actually the reason for living with someone else. Well, so benefit of living with someone else you are much more likely to be out Rob. You're much less likely to be robbed. You answer. My question is don't want to Rob. Okay? Yes. I your question is if everyone else everyone know let listen if you have two hours has one of them as one person in it and the other has one person in it because And I'm person in each house is inside which ones and you are a robber. Which one will you rob well because the the only to now say no this is the situation has now changed okay in my situation they want to rob the house because it's got no one in it. Yeah, the houses have people in there. They can just rub something else. Okay. That is the best. Yes. Just wait until night. Time and go rob a shop when no one's at the shop. It's very risky to rub something with people that you know what it doesn't matter if they get specially an American just be robbed of God. Why would Rob is want to go into the house? I didn't realize I lived in America. I'm not I'm just really exactly so in your situation where people are living in the UK where they don't have access to Firearms. You've now mandated that everybody has to live with somebody meaning most houses in your This is your argument. You are saying this as a benefit in your view most houses will have people in them at least some point throughout the day. So that houses will not be empty right meaning robbers who are trying to rob and get stuff are going to go. Wow. I now don't have any empty houses to pick from I'm going to pick a house with someone in them. And therefore your solution is putting more people at risk because instead of robbers having empty houses that people could just work on. Making more secure with alarm systems and better locks. Now. Those houses are going to have people inside them at the same time while they're being wrought. So congratulations. Well, like I already said the houses. Do you understand what I'm saying? - yeah, I understand what you're saying. But yeah, thank you. I understand. You just robbed. You think I'm right you're wrong because people the robbers we'll just be going to rub something else instead of robbing houses the people in them. What are they going to be robbing? Like I said before something else they'll wait until night when the shops have closed or something else. For example, I don't know for example shops closed at night time though. Will then go to the shop and rub the shop because No One's Gonna Stop. Look at the shop and Rob the shop. Yes didn't have any money to Showcase its anti hopes of many valuables in them. Okay, so why don't they just robbing the shops already why they bothered a lot of houses. Yeah, but why are they bothering? The right of houses because the end there's so many shops available at night. Why do you have a house is get robbed at all? Oh that's right houses houses get robbed because houses Scalia has been empty. Okay, then explain this to me genius. Why do houses get robbed if they have people in them at all? Oh, it's because some robbers don't care. If there's people in the houses in your fantasy land with crazy logic houses that had befallen them would not get robbed, which is not the reality of the way that the real world works. I could link you dozen videos on YouTube of people in their houses getting burglar while they're there. Okay? Yes, but who get Rubble also there but you're failing to acknowledge that it is a lot less likely and so it just made a great point in the chat of you know, another reason why stores don't get robbed this much because stores have great security systems and great safety metrics in place to pray. Protect their valuables like they have really good safes that are stored in such a way that is really hard for someone to Boston and steal any significant values valuable. So what you're basically saying to everybody is make sure you get the best security system you can because otherwise your house is going to get broken into while you're there wasn't a dude it said why do they get robbed if there are stores? Yes, I he's making a great point the person Chad brought that up. Okay, I'm a nice one. Nothing. What do you mean? Just continue? Well, uh, the last thing you said nothing was saying that people would go and Rob stores, right? Yeah, that's pretty growls is would have people in people's houses because they have good security system. But that's what part says security system that exists. No one wants to go. Like you said you would much rather about house with no one and I thought you were going to say no one wants to rob a house with people in it, but people do prop houses with people individually. Mistake the house, you know him to here. I'm gonna fill you in on some fun facts. Do you know what the number one growing type of home? Burglary is do you want to know what it is based on the data? Well these days I want to see the days before I show you I will pull this up for you. The number one fastest-growing is a group home invasion where they invade the home with people in it tie up people and then Loot and back the house is the fastest-growing. Do you know why it's the fastest growing because it is the most profitable because instead of having to just bust in the alarm goes off and five minutes to - and grab whatever they can they have hours to pick the place clean of any valuables. But you know, you can do that in a show up as well. Really you can do that at a shop with a really good security system. If you're gonna go and the T go in there and tie people up rub them. You can do that anywhere. Why do you know? Why do you gonna push the boundaries then then they don't care where they're gonna do it. They can do it in this Rob adult charge they do it because they want to get money they do it because they want to give back tables and break in time the family up and then looting it for an hour or two gives them plenty of time to pick the He's clean a valuable. So okay. So your solution the all I'm getting at with this is that your main point of people will be safer if there are more people living in the house and they'll be more protected from robberies is total nonsense. Okay, if you want to bring some other arguments that table that's fine. Just this is a bad one. Okay. Well in that case we can then talk about you all you want your only argument was that there is it's bad privacy. Okay, go ahead. You want your privacy and safety a having somebody that you're not comfortable with living in the same space as you be for privacy having someone that you're not comfortable with or that you don't trust living in the same space as you Q good concerns you're gonna make some arguments against them. Well, let me answer Miss. Would you be comfortable having someone you didn't trust living in the same space as you? Well, this is very interesting that you bring this up. So you will so you don't want to live with someone you don't trust it. When you're when you're living with someone their actions can have bad reactions. Okay, if they do something they are then liable for what they did and they are ready to accept the consequences from whatever you need to do based on what That okay the what do you think? Listen? Is there any point listen when you when someone does something bad? It's like okay. I can't I don't think I can quite stay the quote because it might not be appropriate but the thing where you don't muffin where you eat? Yeah. Okay. You don't want to you don't want to do bad things where you live, especially because when that happens it's where You live? Okay, it's just going to come back and get you twice as badly. Okay, you don't do bad things where you live because then they just happen back to you. So when you're living with someone they're much less likely to perform bad actions to you. Whilst you're living with them. Okay, there are literally a billion domestic violence victims who would say that what you just said is absolute nonsense, but continue Whilst on a privacy issue that's a whole nother issue go on. That's a whole nother that's not a privacy issue. I said privacy and safety that is definitely a single mine was a safety issue as well. I'm saying there is improve safety. I think the the increase the decreases in robberies will outweigh the increases in random people attacking each other that they live with so the increase in people. Who are forced to live with people they don't trust will the the problems that will come from that will be offset by the safety people have from robbing. Even though you're much more likely to be hurt injured or killed by somebody who you're living with interesting. Okay? Yeah, that's only more likely because they're right there. Yeah, exactly. If they weren't there the odds of you being injured by this is zero. So you're just going to sit in your house all day and never leave it just so you don't get hurt by someone on the street. I'm saying a rather than someone being able to live alone because they don't want to be around people. They don't trust you want to force them to live with somebody that they don't trust their by drastically increasing the chance of them being hurt by that because when you live with someone video and trust, it's likely they also don't trust you so that you're just going to end up with people they might not trust each other, but if they do something bad to each then they can accept that expect that they would do something bad back so that that phenomena is going to stop people from doing bad things so if they do bad things bad things will happen to them yes okay while that's a very flowery Viewpoint that doesn't be truth to the reality of millions of people are hurt every year by the people that they share a living space with and also names of houses are roped whilst they're empty yes but most people are hurt the people they're sharing living space with drastically outweighing the risk compared to someone break in their houses I've always loved you getting attacked by some random guy that you don't even know are my just well to live with a lower than if it's someone that you have some kind of relation Okay. No, we're here to pick your host know your girls thinking. I want to have your kitchen now someone your whole site is me won't do anything bad to you because something bad might happen to them or you might do something bad to them, which is just not the reality George. Okay, you would know about the reality when yes, literally there are millions of women who were victims. Eames of domestic violence and then who are victims of domestic violence who literally you going? Oh, don't worry. The person who is doing that really wouldn't be doing that because you might do something bad to them. Okay. There's a very popular quote from Mahatma Gandhi that the or what was it an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. Okay meaning this moral this View. I now have oh guess what people will be safe because the other person is going to be like oh I can't do something to them they might do the same to me so I'm current I'm sorry you're crazy that's absolutely ridiculous know you're being ridiculous because you'll just being like you're just trying to negate the fact that you just want to say that my argument is invalid because you think it's wrong you might think it's a fraud is not wrong if you were living with let's say me okay you and as I say you wanted to steal my stuff he probably wouldn't because you wouldn't I would know that you stole it they who else is Stila no one else is in the house, but I know you stole it and then you're going to get I'm gonna do whatever I got to do to you too. Whatever though the situation was in your whole thing. Just that people wouldn't do stuff bad stuff because they'd be worried about people doing bad stuff down. That's my point. My point is but that you would speak to the real world. My queen is people you would know the time you which other I would want to do would have to resolve vit if you stole my stuff so then okay wouldn't do it in the classroom. Okay, then explain to me why so many people don't live that way explain to me why so many husbands beat their wives or so many boyfriends beat their girlfriends or because they're I so like so I got to do with this why so many spouses this is victimizers not related by so many people hurt people they live with and what he this is no point. Why Hey Joe, First people do this despite this whole people would not do bad things because they know that someone might do the bad thing to them is not the reality that is not the world that we live in and we know this based on the data of people. It's very difficult and rational talking about your yeah, like you just said boyfriends and girlfriends husbands and wives blah blee blee bloo. Blop. It's different with those types of people because that's just how it is. Okay when it's just actually people that they're not not some kind of yes. I have a question just say blah blah blee blah blah blah blee blob it is that changes the whole sentence is different to just a normal random person and a random person. Okay. It's exactly there's a lot less stressed. Think about that charge people who are married or in a committed relationship choose to live with each other. Your thing is going to take a movie tissues the rise of because of the relation. She's in her eyes the relationship. Okay. No because they are living together. Very mayoral world may be affected by the fact they level I know I'm just an attached on this with all of you people saying can we not take this in a Serie A in such a serious way or saying it's Eskimo escalating. Have you guys ever seen any of these debates? I'm just gonna say nothing is off the table. Okay for a debate, so just say we don't bring that into it. No, I'm sorry for bringing it into it. Anyway, I'm sorry. Also the Aryans first marriage some people in the being I've been talking about hold on the I'm sorry for interrupting environment. It's fine. It's fine you touch on that in a second. But again guys again that is a very real and relevant point. I brought up. So just because you don't like it or it's a personal subject doesn't mean it's not relevant to the world that we live in which is why I brought it up. Okay, continue charge. I apologize got a lot of people in the town of also have been mentioning. The environmental impact of living together. So let's just pretend no one lived with anyone else. All right. There are seven building houses or whatever. Assuming everyone has a house now now everyone lives with at least one other person. There is a most 3.5 billion houses. But in reality, they're probably be less because they'd be Hazard with more than two people in them. So now the environmental impact is greatly reduced. We have much more land that we can use for other good things and People living together are more efficient. Okay, I I mean we can be in favor of having more apartment complexes known to lower the lower the mental impact. It's not about complex. It know we can be in favor of having more apartment. You already have a pilot's what do you think to be in favor of forcing people to live together with people they don't use for us. Oh, so now you're turning it into instead of people having to live with you with each other. You're just like, okay. Now I one has to live in an apartment. That's a whole different. I'm different I'm saying we We bro. Hey, we should build more places that are less environment. So this is a different moment without going. So Tony hsieh forced people. This is different. They don't transfer an argument different. That's that's totally relevant. It's it's your dick is imagine if every person lived in their own house, that's seven billion houses. Yes, the guy how much waste that is how much light as possible mine either be possible in some places the the environment that you're in a lot of free space but not everyone has their houses that are being built are a being built on smaller plots of land than ever before more apartment complexes are already being built than ever before you Janine the for our teacher finding in that direction you denying the fact that we don't even for causes. They don't like people sharing houses uses less houses. Are you denying the fact that having people Live with people they don't trust puts people at risk. Yes, but you're fine with putting people at risk. No I'm saying you're wrong. You're saying that I'm wrong and that forcing people to look pretty but they don't try matzo. Explain. Oh you've dodged around the matter. I want to answer this question. Do you think having two people who don't trust each other live together is going to lead to safety issues. Like I've said many times yes or no charge people living with each other. You don't hurt each other and you know, all of the empirical data does not show that George come on you're dancing around even when he comes back and you just bring up all these statistics and these research papers that this don't exist. I will if you want to God like the day to yourself, you can look it up and if I can say one thing about this really tried this I did the topic like two minutes before How can you even know all this data? I read a lot of Articles. Just looking you always bring up this data. Okay, and okay and then in the moment, you know, I'm not gonna look it up. I don't have time to go look it up right now. And then for the sake of the argument and like you mean it makes you look like oh, yes, excuse me Professor. Dr. Bad boys. I'm hoping for me with all my facts and data. No, it's common sense of clarification about the topic. You can choose who you live with and you're not Take to them. Right? What do you mean like you choose who you live with and you can change at any time. The only thing is that you you always have to live with someone right? Like the topic that you're coming always gone Who you gonna game? Just wanted to present you can live with who you want bad. Yes, and I already addressed this at the start of my argument, which you apparently weren't paying attention. go on if you had been paying attention you would recognize when I said there will be people without family or friends who will doesn't leave for me don't live with people they don't try it you may not trust them like yes you it's hard to just trust a stranger of the bottom one there may not be any anxiety who would be super stressed out at the thought of having someone sleeping in the room next door to them they just have to deal with it you can have a lock on the door yeah that's really gonna stop us the different people that I think size he don't live in apartments where someone's next in the wall next to them what's your point my point is you're saying you're all sticky station worry about it anyway because then your basic skincare nothing like that just because that in the same apartment as make any different if they've got a lock on that door because it people in the parliaments you have people on every side of your wall your people are Bobby people below you people to the left people so the right okay and that's going to be great if you get to live with somebody who you trust okay you don't if you don't trust him Someone who you trust while you're kind of hosed, aren't you Pro? You can be neutral? Okay, you cannot trust the wrong. You can be neutral. You cannot trust somebody but there's no final level activism, even though I don't trust them and even though this puts me at more risk. I mean, I don't necessarily trust them, but it was fine. They didn't do anything bad. I didn't know them. Okay, so that's great. They didn't do anything to you. Even though as they could have done something. Yeah, thanks, but that could still happen regardless that anyone can do something to you. What should they be robbed you you just would around them back? Okay. Yes, but the point is it's much less likely for someone who lives with you to rob you than to someone on the street who can rob you and then go back to their own homes and know any significant the crime scene. No, you're right. It's significantly more likely that the person you're living with will kill you were feature you in some way. Yes, it is. It is significantly more likely. Okay, just because they interact with you more exactly. That's the bleep I'm saying like saying your mom's more like that. I kill you then just someone you've never met before obviously you okay, it's George if you had to choose you wouldn't want to live with somebody who you trusted, right if that was a no because you know, you're gonna be at less risk possibly of them hurting you injuring you taking your stuff violating your privacy, correct? T' yes, but you wouldn't if you had a choice while I'm to live with somebody who you didn't trust because you know that you don't know them. You don't trust them. Therefore. You don't know what they're capable of. You. Don't know what they're going to do. So why put yourself in that position? Why should people be forced to be put in that position? If they don't have a friend don't have a family member tone of a relative that they can move in with or that is available to move in with your just saying forget. People we're going to stick them in with people. They don't trust which is going to lead to more conflicts because you'll to people who don't know each other trust each other being put in Situation's where maybe there's a power Dynamic. Maybe there's some physical Force Dynamic difference there that leads to more conflict and then we have more domestic incidents than we otherwise would have had because we're putting two people don't listen to each other's who were swimming more domestic incidents because there's more chances for it to happen, but that exactly but then we're gonna have fewer many other issues and these domestic issues. Great points it out less likely to occur because you're not just gonna start some fight with some random person that you have to live with. Oh my God. Why would you why would you forcibly cause issues in your own living his people do that already George you keep saying that you're not making sense people already do that. He does our beef with people they live with your whole thing is why would people do that? Why do they do that? George answer me that? Riddle me this Batman. I can tell you why why people do what they do when I can tell you is that people are less likely to call Shenanigans in their own living space because they pull something very irate here and it's not productive. I'm gonna cause you keep ignoring this you're like why would people pull Shenanigans with people they live with? Oh, wait a minute people already do that. But you ignore that point I did. Bring it up and you just see people doing it under the rug what I'm saying? What I'm saying is that people are less likely to do this and the whole benefit of doing this. Is there unless anybody people mentioned the environmental impact. No, but slightly then what the the fact that you're less likely to get robbed. Nothing like your then what then if you lived alone So let me get this straight. This is literally what you just said people are less likely to get in conflicts with the people. They're living with then if they lived alone it know obviously I'm not saying that because if they lived alone, there's no one's getting a conflict with like that's ridiculous. Why did you say that? I did not send it. Literally what you just said. I would have just said if they lived alone that is literally what you just said. Literally, I don't think I said that yes, that is can we get a replay anything really serious? Huh? My system is Burton. Actually. I have to look it up. Oh my God, go like this at this is literally what this crazy woman on this epic a windy day. When is he supposed to have said it like within the past two minutes? Okay continue talking. I'm gonna look it up. Okay. Hey, man. Anyway sure you don't even know what I'm supposed to look it up. You know, what are you like? I'm just going to say you've missed a ton of good arguments chasing after these really bad ones. You only had one argument and I see in safety - who to Mountain arguments next year long Ball Hill and all of them negative advantages your the arguments you brought up have all these negatives. And they don't even know you're ignoring your mountains in favor of your mole Hills and I brought up my two mountains that you're like, oh those are little molehills privacy and safety are massive arguments in favor. And you've brought up these little arguments. I've been reading the chat and they're all bringing up the really good arguments. Why are you not reading their arguments? They are living and easy. You don't even have an argument privacy and safety. Goodbye, privacy or something. They're handing it to you on a silver platter. George just take it. Oh, wow. All right guys, we're gonna go into closing arguments here because we're going over there were seven minutes over the ending point George. Do you want to go first or second? I don't even remember what I was looking for. I would just watch the purpose of two minutes bad bad. You want to go first or second charge? Um, you can go fast. Okay, I'll go first. Oh, yeah. Yes. I think I've covered my point pretty clearly. Okay, there's summarize essentially what I was saying is that yes, most people are going to be able to live with a family member or live with a friend or live with a roommate that they will be able to pick in Georgia's situation where this Fast but there will be people who don't have family living close by or who don't have friends in the relevant area who are going to have to live by themselves. But oh wait a minute by George's law. They would be required to live with someone so because they don't know family because they don't have friends nearby. They will have to by law live with somebody who they don't know or trust. Okay, you are going to have situations like that and even though so George keeps ignoring this the fact that you have two people who don't trust each other living together you create potential conflict you create potential chances for harm and it's much as George wants to keep ignoring that and saying that oh no two people who are living in together aren't going to hurt each other because they know that that opens up an opportunity for the other person to hurt them. That is a complete ignore. He's completely ignoring reality. We live in But there are tons of people live together who hurt each other despite the fact that the other person could also hurts it them. So he's completely ignoring that he's ignoring all the domestic domestic abuse and domestic violence that goes on in favor of some crazy little fantasy world. So that's the point I'm getting at is that I don't want to live with someone who I don't trust I don't want to live with somebody who I don't necessarily know that well because of privacy concerns and because of safety concerns the biggest one being safety. There I think George has not done a good job of addressing those points or those concerns. He's instead brought up this Pie in the Sky. Think about how all you'll have someone at home to prevent you from being robbed. Even though as I brought up the biggest risk is going to be that person who you don't know or trust living in the house with you and George did not address that point to my satisfaction. All right, George. You ready? Yeah, I got your biggest concern is safety. I already went over that multiple times you're less likely to cause Shenanigans where you live? Okay, because obviously that comes with repercussions. Now when you live on your own and you leave your house is now empty and it is vulnerable to whatever anyone wants to do to it. But if there is people in the is less likely to happen okay now you're saying oh yeah there's all these domestic issues domestic issues already happened regardless obviously domestic issues can't happen if you live on your own that's just obvious like waiting that you call it domestic issue with yourself though that's kind of irrelevant but the domestic issues definitely happen between people in some form of relationship which in the current situation where people aren't forced to live with each other that happens anyway okay so now when you get when you get forced to live with someone but likely to live with someone that you actually want to live with and in the event that you can't live with someone that you want to live with it's probably going to be someone that you don't know and you're not going to have any previous sort of hatred for each other you're just going to have to know each other from or you're just not going to know each other I mean And you're just gonna have to get know each other. Okay, and you're less likely in this situation to just want to double ties each other because no one knows each other if you start doing bad things to them and they're going to start doing bad things to you and it's going to just come in full. So who and whatever you do is going to cause problems to you and because of that you are less likely to instigate these bad actions to begin with and people will just overall all be safer and houses will be safer crime rate will drop to zero and everything will be better. my care Okay badge your no. Okay. Well, I'm just going to take churches advice and if they robbed me, I'll just rub that if the person I don't trust bird your smile just murder them down. Oh god. Oh, wait a minute. That one won't but doesn't walk that one won't work. All right. Thank you time for a song while people vote, right? Yep. All right, guys, I'm gonna post the poll on Twitter. It is who won at Georgetown found or Babble Halo, but for the person you thought defended their argument, but the best not feel like the most are you guys ready? I it's going to be posted as a reply to my tweet about the debate show. So go and vote on and I'm going to assume first one on Twitch people are going to be able to vote as well in. and I see you vote on both of them yeah like at least you can say the votes are being boosted or something okay and we've already took care that last week so I think that's a big concern I send the Tweet right here we go guys go ahead and vote vote in both polls if you want and go on switch on the twitch chat you can just do / vote one or / for 2/4 which one is her bed by yellow / what to is for George not found George yep basically and right now it's tones and I we've never seen the rain on your favorite music station and everybody and we are back and let's go ahead and check the poll results and it looks like George one of the 38.3% the vote by 164 and switch Tada per your advice George I'm just going to do because Rob the wind for me. I'm just going to run this bag and now it's mine again. That's not how not kidding. But uh that was people's advice on Twitter was to rob the winner back. I didn't get charged. That was a fun debate. I enjoyed that George. I I'm kind of gonna say I was trying to get to the point. But why did you miss all of the great advice they were giving you in the chair? Chat, one of the great things people brought up. I don't want to cheat and steal that points and I am with my I won with my own knowledge anyway, so this one didn't want to cheat. I didn't want to think of anyone who destroyed too badly. That would be embarrassing for you. Is there a chat if I've been debating against the chat. I probably would have lost a hundred percent to the cro but only times you've raised it said I was when I sent to him as she sang look at what would you so in reality though okay what do you actually think about this policy do you think this would actually be a good policy I don't know I mean maybe probably not feet and I think I actually I'm leaning towards this might actually be a good policy to convince you yeah well you did nothing but that there were arguments immense that I was thinking about that I actually think this would actually be a good policy because you could you could mandate it and then set up like Community Living centers where you could set up like the the kitchens and you would have a lot of shared space But the rooms would be very secure and very private so people would have to worry about someone breaking in right I get have like really strong doors or something like that but this would there are a lot of points that I think could be brought up that could actually you could cut down on a lot of problems with society that people have with living alone and you could have dressed like one great point they brought up was the elderly the elderly having somebody nearby who could come and get them assistance you know if they should get hurt would be great I made those we just lost them we just lost them completely I got disconnected from their yes connected okay You're gonna fuck his bag. I just got disconnected from the TS. Okay, I'm back. But if you live with a terrorist, you can just report the terrorists you gotta that's another positive. Look at our special guests dream popping in Compton right at the start too late to actually be the special guest. I see how it is. Jerk, but I know so I was just like an option you were my third option and has said he wanted to do it but he fell asleep though I can find you another only knew if I was debating this I would have had 99% and it would have been would have been abysmal I was saying I really wanted to get your position charge that would have been the easiest one to defend so I'm a little upset I didn't get it but I think I think you did a good job but not as good as you could have done boom anyone so that's doesn't really matter yes yeah proud of you Georgie one thank you here's my mind a job charge dream the chat is curious did you buy Sam a dog yet oh my God that's what they're saying the child say demands to know I already did I know I don't have a dog all right yeah this is this why I'm bringing I'm gonna get a dog because I'm moving when I'm moving on soon in the next like month or so and then I'll get a dog what kind of dog you gonna get I don't know alright hopefully gonna get a Labradoodle probably the hyper allergenic dog Labradoodle a what probably a dog that barks I've heard a little amen it sounded funnier in my head is I 1 yeah charge one alright so next debate we're going to have George debate dream on the next debate show which will be Tuesday that's going on and now we're going to see who wins I want George to experience the what it's like to get steamrolled Blended up I feel how you feel yeah well as you develop what do you guys think would you guys be down to watching dream debate friends I think I'm tired of being the bad guy I think the audience needs to see what it's like to watch somebody else George would just get like the baby stuff like you don't even want to know exactly I want to see it I want to tell you even your hand even stand on his own two feet all right that's great thank you show Tuesday be there it's going to bring first George Bush even give George the eat well let George pick what side he want an affair and so that he can experience all right lines with myself and I'll be wearing I'll be wearing earplugs I can even hear what's that like what I'm debating and I'm still probably I got on Tuesday or Thursday sometime next week bye everyone well me George and then you want to promote I don't know my stuff it's Georgia found on like everything found everywhere everywhere bad boy Halo a 60 take us away yeah I got some hair away away we're just a bit late and Cindy but that's usual that's usual we're just gonna ignore that don't forget that you can join only hit on the website on the hitter to us we have a YouTube channel it's only hit u.s. also Twitter Instagram Facebook on the hitches as well and the podcast you just type the weirdest talk show on Spotify Deezer podcast Apple work as I heard then just everywhere and right now it's Cindy coming on our favorite music station