Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And before we start the podcast because home will make masala Medusa. So he expressed anger attitude selahattin Town The Click moon at night. He can agree on this is a podcast that I haven't posted anything for two months pero seeing you here right now listening to this podcast. I couldn't be more grateful for you guys. Honestly. I am very very appreciative selahattin down a canyon. So please if you're listening right now, let me know him send me a screenshot so I could thank you personally post it on your Instagram. My Twitter or kites. I'll just let me know that you're listening and I'll thank you personally because this podcast is a very hard podcast for me because it's one that I am doing after a few weeks that that has been very hard for me. I want to go to details and I want to bore you with the specifics better. This past few weeks have been very very hard for me and seeing that a lot of people to actually give a shit about about the podcast makes my heart Happy. So please let me know. That you're listening so I can thank you. They're only men. It's one of my llama Neo and I'm really really thankful for you guys and long and another one. I have two announcements announced the first one right now announce the second one after before Metabo Stone podcast after the topic. The first announcement is I kind of regret not posting anything. Because he I know that the podcast could have been a great way to voice out what I've been reflecting for the past few weeks and I've just you know, see no longer say and I really regret that I wanted completely long public viewing and I had to share pero, you know, I ducked it the way the way I know I knew how and tell them come in America on our Elite Tito 90 don't know when I'm gonna understand Magento crashing emotions and experiences. So If I could have you know shared it with you guys, you got a probably help me and help me move on and go through this process more smoothly. Okay with that being said, I am announcing that this podcast will be a weekly podcast. I am committing myself in producing weekly podcast for the past 3-4 months. I think I posted monthly. And not upon seeing a young said there are a lot of things that I could share with you guys that we could talk about. Yeah, I am committing myself in producing weekly podcasts for you guys. No matter how hard it will get. I will produce every week. You can hold me accountable tag me on Instagram Yavapai annual Home Depot by Emperor. I'm committing myself every week. We got a baton and podcast starting dude starting today. No matter how hard it gets no matter how hectic it gets guys got like the end and got no car. I'm gonna send my new home Alibis new gloves on the podcast. I promise you that I'm committing myself to that. That's the first announcement. And now the second one later now today's topic is going to be all about the six stages of grief. This is based from the very famous model of five stages of grief. Now you may have probably heard or you probably know this Some people have you know this pedal I base it on that one marinating seven stages of grief man among five and the five is the five stages of grief is the original one and I based it done then Marilyn. How do you like the song stage in Cleveland? I think everyone needs to hear and you might be asking this is the motivational podcast right this inspirational podcast. Why are we talking about grief? I believe that grief is one of the few things that are constant in this world. And it is one of the hardest thing a person could experience. Now grief comes from a loss either from that death of a loved one or getting fired from a job a breakup or divorce anything. That is a loss to someone that can trigger the feeling of grief. Now I personally know how hard it is to experience grief. How painful how immobilizing how lonely feels to go through it, which is why I wanted to create this podcast episode The hopefully Reach people who are going through it and hopefully help them understand that what they're feeling and what they're experiencing is completely normal. If you're currently going through this, I just want you to know that whatever you're feeling right now. It's okay. It's normal and you are not alone in this struggle. And if ever you feel lonely and it seems now. Well I Omega who support will I owe my back went to hand my DMs are open. I am here. The podcast is here and my DMs are open 24/7. Just leave me a message if you want to talk about anything and hopefully I could give you some tools how you can. Navigate through whatever you're struggling with. You could send me a message on ADD smalltalk podcasts on Instagram or message me at my personal account. It's @a w f Cuenca, if you're experiencing it right now, just leave me a message. I'm here the podcast is here. And if you're not going through it, please don't skip on the podcast. You might know someone who does. And the only way we could be a better friend to them is to actually empathize with what you're going through and maybe this podcast and hopefully this podcast could give you a glimpse of what they're actually going through. So do not going to podcast and as I said, this is one of the constant things in the air Sabu High not in it, you might go through it as well and it is very hard to go through it without actually knowing now a normal and Peloton that I'm doing cause I've been there I remember back in 2017. I experienced my first ever heartbreak and I thought that what I was experiencing was so unique that I closed my ears and my eyes. In my heart everybody who is reaching out to me I felt so alone because I thought that nobody could understand me. Nobody could relate to what I'm feeling better. as I done more research and now I know. Nah, whatever. I went through was completely normal. And If Ever I get to come across it again, I'll be better equipped. I know how to do to manage my emotions say 2017 was a really dark time for me. I was suicidal. and I know now. Nah put them under it's all good. Second oil Indiana home dinamo billion. So that's really the purpose of why I'm doing this to make you equipped. So if ever in a modernist on you on you know how to deal with it. Okay. So now let's head on to the six stages of grief. Now the first stage is the denial stage now grief is an overwhelming emotion and the first instinct Nah, gotta go in nothing as human beings is to deny that emotion because it's so broad. So Brian and Hindi again a good grasp. Now you donít ñ in reality a La Luna who saw Bronx after that's over and big at man sewing tendency then I did I not with nothing and did not even have a shocking truth leanza so does not it. We deny it. For example, if someone leaves, you know, it's not true. He'll be around he'll come back green. Is it bad if someone died? No, no, that's not through that couldn't be throughout the motion in a Also going to happen. Dina Dina, Dina It's too much to handle. It's too much to comprehend. It's too much to understand. To the Instinct of our body for mind is to deny things. And that's the first stage some may experience shock and then denial stage because in deep ing absorb and covid-19 in America didn't open it yet pero as we denied more gradually. ha ha ha ha ha grasp new - nothing and then as we move out of the denying stage our emotion starts to come out on Yuma in Epona think only Martina gonna dance is really nothing. They need anything, you know, you are a lot of passion and that's where the second stage comes in the second stage with the third stage and the fourth stage in the chronological impact our solution of theta sometimes in third sometimes in forth sometimes in 1511 Smo. I sometimes you second sometimes two sometimes Sometimes you second sometimes in third sometimes in for you in the darkness and Moe sometimes the instrument at a nest and sometimes you selling without an SM or deliver them would add an es Mi don't that loan cannot be interchanged in it. The enemy are chronologically. And that's what we need to understand. It doesn't follow the first up. The only thing that the follows the trend. The only thing that is linear is the first in the last part better the the second the third the fourth means and doing an assessment Centre in there are National mission for you my dad and a sandbox. So Indian tuna talking so you knock and Angela might even be hell on you don't maintain the engine and the second stage is anger. We get angry we get pissed. We get mad. Everything at a certain person that God we get mad at God we get mad at the universe we get mad at life. And here this is where our rational turns off. We become irrational with their actions Click by we goes nothing Sumi gog's nothing mum thought was nothing magma Roxanne and nothing either bathroom. Got it. Nothing's gonna get tired. Sometimes we direct our anger to RX. to our boss Sometimes be there like anger to God God down in the nominee. God why the heck is this happening to me? Sometimes you get mad at the universe now. Why are you doing this to me? I've been good. I haven't done anything wrong. Why are you doing this? You get mad you get angry and the materials that you're hating every one year. You're hoping to get Justice some soon and with some Hawaiian who's Tisha you want to get Justice for what happened? And that's completely normal. That's the second stage of grief. You can angry and Obama by to Lord, but any anime aside. An angry Lord, you can angry at the universe. You can angry at life everything around you. That's the second stage of grief. The third stage of grief is bargaining. During grief sobrang vulnerable more and you feel that you need to take the control back with your life. You think you need you you you feel like you need to regain control of your life to your bargain? You bargain? Hey Lord. Hey Lord, will Dominion internal angle? You bargain with your ex now. I'll try we can work things out. We don't we don't need to break up. I could change. You know, I could I could stop whatever whatever you don't want me to do. Just don't leave me please your bargaining. You're barking at life. You start having this if only thoughts come sauna, you know a katana. I went there earlier. If only I went there earlier only I have done this. If only I had done this. If only I had done that since I didn't get it all. Boom sonic. Boom sonic boom sonic boom sonic that you must my booty on thousand in America. You start bargaining with yourself Start parking with life. It's completely normal. And that's the third stages. That's a stir. That's the third stage of grief bargaining. now the fourth stage of grief is depression depression such a heavy word right the pleasure. Now for me, this is the most crucial the most delicate stage of grief depression being so down feeling so lonely feeling so depressed. Everything doesn't make sense. You don't want to get up in the morning. But getting the packaging we're going to ask. Why is this happening to you? Why what? Well, I'm gonna go in the hot tub on the bad guy. Some bologna got some limit a person. That's the passion part. and some people get depressed in two ways first obvious that the pressure and they cry. They they ask their friends to go out the bus dialing dial they get addicted they get that they start indulging into different vices to take away the pain. that's the first side of the brush in the second side of depression is The Wyatt depression where you're all alone, and you just don't feel like you have anyone to talk to but no one could understand you and just want the Pain to End. If you're going through that. It's completely normal. That means you're experiencing the fourth stage of grief. depressed and some people experience depression and stay in this stage for a very long time. But I'm telling you that this stage isn't the last stage. In about 15 min about sex. So if you're in your fourth stage and grief. This too shall pass. Like how you got out of the first stage the second stage in the third stage the depression stage. may seem that you won't get out of it what you will Trust me, you will. If you experience the denial stage you've experienced anger and bargaining stage and you're experiencing depression that eventually you will experience the next stages You need to remind yourself that. And that's the fourth stage, which is completely the depression stage. Now. The fifth stage is the acceptance stage. when you start realizing what? really happened the alignment ahan Inna Garry Trudeau Hannah You start accepting that this really happy that whatever you've gone through really happened. And this isn't the happy stage or in except when a particular magma say, no sometimes I accept and I didn't he put in about his of it. and to be honest some pain will always be there guy and I'm going nothing self-help self-improvement. Once we experience grief, there will always be a part of our heart inside of us will always hurt. We get to reflect and yet he's having it's a painful experience and you can't take that away from anybody. And gaytan don't understand fifth stage, which is acceptance when a tank of Mana. Ah, okay. Then a preliminary I okay you in expect go. We're going to be an array. We're going to need me and I accept million now accept Mona Nolan guy. I will Anastasia. how a hanbok except minion The tank up money and this is one of the slowest stages you could ever get to. And this is a no. And Alma acceptance the exception stage need a man 13 Sabina the Messiah a little boy. It's just that you're accepting that there are things that are bad things that are happening in your life and there are good things and then I added in Subway Mo and you just focusing now on the good things as my time in the long Union good things, but there are still the bad days bad things and I'm Yara Subway mowing. That's okay. That's completely normal. You can accept that is a Yuan. While being positive about things and this is where I tried to incorporate this 60 judge say I heard someone say this code we're talking about certain stuff and then he said it is what it is. What you want me to do and somehow it disguises as as far as acceptance, right? It is what it is. I accepted it is what it is going to look at again. You know, I realize that some people are using it using it out of context. using it wrongly you're taking it out of context. Say if some people do x-ray eyes. I saw some people say it is what it is. The Peregrine beginner Nila. So Universe in a high and anna-lena. It dictates Ela new circumstances and ethnic data analyst 9 except that I'm gonna go no matter and a ho like a number in whole acceptance period And which is really really painful to seek say I really believe that there is more. The what is happening to you right now, if you're experiencing it. I really believe that there is something more to the pain the grief that you were experiencing right now. So you should you shouldn't be just accepting it. It is what it is. And that's why I wanted to add this six-step. I haven't had a proper name about it, but I'll call it the moving on and getting better stage. Now in this moving on and getting better stage because a lot of people say it is what it is right acceptance move on acceptance and criminal and an array but there is a continuation with that kind of saying it is what it is. So what are you going to do about it? And once we realize now we can actually do something about it. Now, whatever happened in dealing with Kanye Ari didn't think anything up in the community. We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means you can learn something from the pain. Nick Italo you can over Latin Deacon the top was needed a boost on so in this moving on getting better stage if you start to do a little bit better every day to try and find the meaning of why it happened the clarity the upside the lesson. Of that painful experience need to find it. You need to find the meaning of it because there is a hidden meaning behind every pain behind every pain that you are experiencing. You just need to take the initiative in you need to make a decision that you will try better try to be better to hopefully get to the next level. The hopefully move forward so you can understand the bigger picture so you could connect the dots. There's this coat now. I can remember it pedals. So it goes something like you can only connect the dots moving backward and he demonic connect human and yet a comeback najarian if you are still in where you experience the pain, so I need to move on to that next level. We need to do better every single day with the purpose of finding the meaning combining area and that the stick stage. You just just don't say it is what it is control. I got nayyara, don't do that. You say careening Yari. I don't actually point. It is what it is. So what am I going to do about it? You need to ask yourself that question. There is more to the pain that you are experiencing and you are feeding right now. And that is the six stages of grief Asana a big big meal so that young Jin young five stages of grief. Who okay, that's why I think I hope I hope I made myself clear. Well, we could go on and on with talking about all the stages if you want to clarify something about it. You can email me better. That's all. I'm going to talk about right now in this podcast. I hope you got something out of it. I hope That if you are experiencing something that I have talked about no, it's completely normal and you will get through the fourth the fifth the sixth age. Say it's completely normal. I know that it's a completely personal experience Barrel somehow the more it is personal. So the more it is universal someone though, and if you have learned something today, please let me know that ends the podcast that ends the topic right now. Thank you my with KD the time when I'm in Salama clip, you know II again if you're listening to this podcast, please please share it. Anywhere and I think you're personally I say I really appreciate each and every one of you now with the the longest at the low end before I end this matter now the tourmaline announcement. The second announcement I have is I am finalizing. I am on the verge of finalizing the this little project that I am working on and this is okay. I want to be surprised metal. I will be launching inspirational merchandise. I will be I will be selling stickers and of course t-shirts so you could you could wear the message that was only protecting it on podcast and hopefully and hopefully go on email messages. No, so nothing is spread out we could wear them. And we could also you know provide more awareness. I don't know. I'm not I'm still on finalizing the design of the details right? I'll let you know soon, but I am where I just want you to know that I'm working. I'm working on it as of speaking. So, please please be excited about it because that's one way you could you know, support the podcast and actually need your support as I go forward with the podcasts and in long, but I am what I am. In salamat po saying Le hat again. I am Alex Cuenca, and this is small talk small conversations with huge impact. Have a great night. Have a great day. Have a great week ahead of you. Peace. Talk to you next time.