Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able to see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they've been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make. On individuals who maybe aren't necessarily ready for change or kind of feel ambushed with nutrition at the bedside because there's no place for them to go whereas in the private practice setting they're coming to you. They're more ready and acceptable for Change and here I was able to do some cool work events as well go to corporate startups and do presentations on you know, maybe it was just meal planning or something whatever the company really wanted to focus on. The private practice at in was really really fun. There is a level of instability. Leti there, and so I was able to get my next position and that's the current position that I have. Now. I am the nutrition Program Coordinator at Lifetime Fitness and Westchester here. I work as well as a nutrition coach and a personal trainer definitely do not claim to be an expert in Fitness. I love Fitness and Nutrition because they go hand in hand when we really think about it where animals and outside of maybe sleeping and procreation the two most important things for Animals is probably going to be eating and movement. So constantly picking the brains of other trainers and you know, I always encourage them to pick my brain because you know, we never stop learning. I'm definitely no expert in Fitness as I mentioned, but even in nutrition, you know, I have my level of expertise but there's still so much more we all can learn from it's important that we continue to do that and we continue to grow that's one of the reasons why I decided to make this podcast. It's really for me to be able to reach even more people. I am blessed to say that I have an outlet where over the last Five years. I've been able to reach friends and reach family and really continue to impact a lot of people but a podcast allows you to preach to the masses at a single time. So in this podcast, you know, we're definitely going to cover nutrition clearly, but also Lifestyle Fitness other aspects of Wellness current media related topics. I mean if there's somehow or some way I can help you guys understand the coronavirus maybe more scientifically or how Prepare for it and nutrition aspect that's something we would do because right now it's a big topic, right and each episode is going to have an overarching theme maybe it's protein the gym weight loss debunking myths in each episode. We want to have some sort of major theme but bring it back to anything nutrition-related and this is where we're going to have some fun. We're going to bring on some guests and you know guests are going to range from other Fitness professionals other nutritionist or other. Ian's maybe some of my clients and talk about what they've learned and how they're growing or you know, what's been easier what's been hard. I mean, maybe they haven't been able to make some changes and that's also important is to see, you know, people really going through nutrition. There is a level of struggle to it try to figure out how can you help them even more and sometimes this could be a platform for them and you know even feedback from you guys. I hope you listeners really do tune in and filling gauge. I want you to reach out to me and asked me to cover certain That you want me to cover because attrition is something we do every day multiple times a day and if I can help make it easier for you to make decisions and to live a healthier life. That's really my goal. So why make this podcast and why I listen I want this to be a little bit different. So I want to engage in healthy talk but in an informal and formal way so I don't want to stay away from the science because the science is super important but a part of my job as a Registered dietitian is breaking down to science in a way that makes sense to us as an individual. This is important because it allows us to make a decision and make it as our own when you're informed. You can make decisions daily, but they're your own decisions. Whereas if you're just told what happens is you're just doing something and you don't feel a part of that decision-making process and then it becomes more like a fad diet. This can be easily broken in this case or hard to start. But when you feel engaged and then control that makes a big difference. So the difference in my podcast really stems from even just the name of it a grain of salt nutrition podcast taking something with a grain of salt is an English idiom. That means view something with skepticism or be careful how you interpret it? Maybe not literally the reason why I say this is because there's a lot of bias in the nutrition and fitness realm right people have very specific things. They have to say based on who's sponsoring them and that can make this. A very cloudy kind of area hard to really understand is somebody telling me something to do because they're an expert or have expertise other telling me something to do because they're being told what to tell somebody what to do very convoluted sentence there. But still what are what is their bias and I can tell you right now my bias is to really inform you the best way I can I do just want to make sure we're healthy individuals and have an outlet to talk about that. If there's ever a time in which I feel like I have a bias to something I will talk about it. Just like when I did the debunking of the game changes my bias is that I am not a vegan and I made that known because maybe somehow even with me not trying that made me look for more research that separated myself or maybe a vegan so you always want to pay attention to that and I will do my best to make sure whatever you hear from me. You still want to take it with a grain of salt, especially in other places like mr. Google. But regardless I'm trying to do my best to have your back when it comes to this. So really just real talk in an informal and formal way. I definitely want to have fun with it. So when it comes to the content guys, please look forward to a new episode every Friday or episode should be about 30 to 60 Minutes long. Each episode will range based on the topic as well as maybe the Guess Who appear so our conversations may just grow in a way where we just can't stop the concept. Continuing to roll out so might have a longer episode on one of those days, but every Friday you'll have a new episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with me Brandon Kara bullosa. Thank you so much for tuning in today. Please subscribe to this podcast. If you feel this is something you would love to hear like and review and comment on iTunes and share it family and friends and everyone or anyone. Thank you for listening and until next time guys. Thank you so much.