So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on Terms with your metamour is the correct way to do polyamory, or maybe you're new to non-monogamy and you just really want to do everything right and you think one of the things that's really important is to get to know your metamour. But unfortunately in this scenario, there's a problem. Your metamour doesn't want anything to do with you. They don't want to be friends. They don't want to hang out. Maybe they don't even want to be in contact with you in any way. Or maybe it's the other way around and for some reason or another you don't want anything to do with your metamour. What now? That's what we're going to talk about in this episode. Welcome to making polyamory work. Hi, I'm Libby sin back and I want to thank you for joining me today. I'm a queer polyamorous mom and a relationship coach and I'm here to help you. If you're feeling stuck. If you're struggling if you want your relationships to be more nourishing more functional more authentic and full of love on this show we go deep into what actually makes polyamorous relationships work because relationships are at the core of our well-being as humans, I think. Love is why we're here and how we heal. I'm really looking forward to the conversation today and who boy is it a doozy. So let's just dive on in shall we? So a lot of Ink on the internet and books has been spilled about metamours in polyamorous relationships just recently today. It is March 2nd. Is when I'm recording this and just recently on February 28th, there was metamour day which is a day that is Valentine's Day times 2, so you get 14 February 14th is Valentine's Day 14 days later you get money more day. And that's just talking about the additional. Love you get in your life that comes special with polyamory that you not just get your partner, but you also get your metamour and so it's love times 2 and you know, usually that's great. and there are really all kinds of good reasons why you might want to have a relationship with your partners partner some reasons that I can think of are that it kind of breaks through that idea that having multiple relationships is a zero-sum situation and that we're all in competition with each other and I think that's especially true in heterosexual relationships, you know, there's this idea of sort of competing for a mate and if you are just on the same team instead then then that kind of like just breaks that whole idea it can also just be really nice to know the other important people in your partner's life. And you know, I usually want to know my partner's friends and you know metamours just like a really good friend. It can also just be really efficient and nice to be with all of your partner's at once to be able to have them share space with each other to go to events not just as a dyad but as A Triad or a quad or whatever and in this case, I don't mean that everybody's dating each other, but just like being able to be with a group of people instead of just one on one. I know for me. I really love it when I'm with all of my partner's it can be really nice. It can be nice to grow your polyamorous family to think about maybe living together to think about sharing, you know, family obligations. Whether its domestic duties childcare duties Financial Obligations, all that kind of stuff. If and I mean interconnectedness can sometimes feel really good another thing about knowing your metamours that can be nice is that you can collaborate on loving your shared partner together. You can share information that you know about your shared partner. You can scheme to get them a really great birthday present or really great Christmas present or you know support each other in helping your partner out a metamour can also be an extra friend that have things in common with given that you both love the same person you might like some other things the same as well having a metamour can also be really nice because it's a backup in a crisis and you know of caregiving gets intense, like if your partner if your shared partner really needs a lot of care or a lot of support having an additional person who can be on point to give that support can mean that nobody gets burned out you can take turns and this Can also be true with childcare, you know having an additional adult in your partner's life can mean an additional caregiver for your kids. I'll also say that you know, even when metamour relationships are challenging or triggering or difficult confronting difficult things helps us grow and makes us better people so that can be cool about knowing your metamour could just be you know, challenging yourself and I'll also say that if you all want to engage in sex these times together that that could be fun, you know threesomes more sums that can be cool. All of these reasons are good reasons to maybe want to know your metamour. And possibly have a good relationship with them some reasons that you also might want to get to know your metamour and be connected to them is for transparency. So that everyone knows who everyone is and what everyone else is doing so that nobody worries about anybody cheating or anybody telling one person one thing and another person another thing, you know, it prevents that isolation that can allow a hinge partner who isn't interested in being ethical if you keep both people isolated from each other and in the dark, then that can give the hinge person a lot of control, right and also obviously if you are able to isolate your partner's from each other then if you are doing non-ethical non-monogamy, if you're cheating, nobody will know another reason you might want to know your metamour is to make sure that they respect your relationship with your partner and you if you're like a real person to your metamour then They will have to think twice about doing things that might undermine your relationship another reason you might want to know your metamour is to feel included in your partner's other relationship. This one. I don't actually think is all that great. But I know why that is somehow sometimes how people feel they really love their partner. They want to be involved in every aspect of their life including their other relationships. This can get sticky though in terms of healthy boundaries, but I you know, it's a reason you might want to You know your metamour another reason you might want to know your metamour is that it can make it easier to feel compersion. If you know the person with whom your partner is sharing their Joy. Yeah, it's easier if you know the person you like them to be happy for both of them. And another thing that can help with knowing your item or as if you're insecure if you are having fears that this person that your partner seeing is way cooler than you prettier than you better than you in some way if you actually know that person That can really help ease those feelings humanize that person, you know, just sort of bring everything down into reality. Now I want to just say here. Even though I'm giving you lots of reasons why it is good to know your metamour possibly good to practice kitchen table poly that I don't think that kitchen table polyamory is the one true right way or most evolved way to practice polyamory as I'm getting into this is the whole point of this podcast, but I just want to say it up front because I have seen a lot of that sort of been the prevailing representation of polyamory said, oh we all get along and that's the way it should be and if you don't do it this way then Less evolved or you're doing it wrong or whatever and I just don't agree with that. Now, I do engage with kitchen table polyamory with all of my partners for the most part and it's really wonderful. One of my favorite feelings is waking up on Sunday morning at my house when both of mine on nesting Partners have slept over and one of my partner's is reading books to my kids on the sofa. And another one is making coffee and a third is sleeping upstairs, and I'm flipping pancakes. cakes my home feels so alive with love and connection and it just makes me really happy and I'm really grateful that my partner's all seem to get along with each other really well and I will also say that I do know some people who Hardline won't and get involved with someone if the metamour relations won't work out because they don't want to miss out on that Joy of that interconnectedness, and they also don't want the stress that comes along with people not getting Long and I get that it's worth being honest that a metamour not wanting to meet you and getting to know you and be connected to you can sometimes be a red flag. It can mean that they aren't willing to confront the reality that their partner has other partners. They may feel like they are trying this polyamory thing out but they're not really into it and they really don't want to be there but maybe they're feeling dragged into it or forced or maybe they're not being honest about how they really feel about it. It may be they have unmanaged jealousy and insecurity that they're avoiding dealing with and again, they think that just by not knowing you that maybe it'll just get better over time. Maybe they actively don't want to care about you specifically or the relationship that you have with your shared partner. Maybe they're specifically unsupportive of your relationship with their partner and they don't want to know you so that they can feel better about just not considering you at all. They may be you know in connected to the not being supportive of their relationship. They may want to really keep your relationship with your partner in a small box. And so they may want to make sure that they keep you out of being included in their lives because that'll help diminish the significance or able to have in your shared Partners life or there may be real problems in their relationship with your shared partner that they're afraid of you knowing about and being connected to and on the flip side again, this totally happens that Maybe your shared partner has said negative things about you to your metamour and that has soured their opinion of you. And so it's a way of keeping you isolated from each other and again in that case, you know, that's a that's a really problematic thing for your partner to be doing but it's just we're keeping your eye on another reason your metamour may not want to know you is that they might just be scared, you know, they might be scared of the unknown they might be intimidated by you they might They might just be afraid of whatever what this might mean if they were connected to you. I'll say if you are not willing to engage with your metamour and any of these are sounding maybe a little familiar to you. I really encourage you to get honest with yourself and get present to why you might not want to be connected to your metamour if any of these reasons are what's real for you. Well, actually, I think it's good that you don't want to engage with your metamour because any of these things can really hurt your metamour and Cause you to harm them and what I'd really encourage you to do is have some Frank conversations with your partner about where you actually are in terms of where you want to be in polyamory how you feel about it all because you might think that avoiding confronting these things is protecting you and your relationship or you might think that you know, if you avoid it now you'll feel better over time. But in my experience avoidance just kicks the can down the road makes you less capable of coping or working through things. Things makes you more fragile less resilient and instead ends up making a problem fester and grow until it really just become something that's unmanageable and has the potential to destroy your relationship. But that said there are some really valid reasons to not want to be connected to your metamour the two that really come to the top of my mind are that first of all your metamour might have shown themselves to be harmful in some I maybe you share Community with them and You observe them in harmful behaviors. Maybe they've they're dishonest. Maybe they have terrible boundaries. Maybe they act in ways that are really counter to your values. Maybe you've seen them treat other people poorly. And in this case, you may question your partner's judgment and its really reasonable for you to be weary and want to keep your distance. Another reason that I can think of is that they've shown themselves. Has to be harmful to your partner and gosh when that's going on. It can be really hard. It can be really hard to see your partner exposing themselves to hurt with someone and you might want to try to push your partner to end the relationship you might really want to help them see the light but I would encourage you to resist this urge because you know, your partner's an adult their partner your metamours an adult and you don't really get to tell your partner who to date. and that includes you don't get to tell them not to do things that might get them hurt because sometimes being hurt is part of part of our process and we need to go find out what that's like, what you do get to do is you get to give voice to the impact that this relationship is having on you and then if you have to you get to set boundaries to protect yourself so that the impact is less if this person's going to continue with this relationship, that's Bring them and could potentially harm you and again a perfectly acceptable boundary is to just not interact with your metamour and sometimes to not interact with your partner when they're with your metamour but I get that it can be hard. So that's a hard one a third reason and this is the one I'm going to spend a good amount of time talking about is that sometimes nobody's harmful to people are perfectly fine on their own people are dealing with their shit. People have confronted their insecurities. It's not that they're avoiding. But despite that these two people these two metamours. Just don't get along. Maybe they communicate differently. Maybe they just have wildly different strategies to get their needs met. Maybe they have opposing attachment behaviors. Maybe they have radically different ideas about etiquette and boundaries. Maybe they just trigger the fuck out of each other, or maybe they just can't agree on whether or not pineapple is acceptable pizza topping. By the way, it is it's delicious on Pizza just saying so incompatibility doesn't mean anything has to be wrong or that anyone is bad. Even though you think that compatibility with metamours would be highly likely given that they're both compatible with the same shared partner. It can instead happen and it definitely happens that to metamours are like oil and fire. I'd say oil and water but like a little emulsifier with oil. Are in your fine you can have like aioli, it's delicious or well, maybe not a lie, but you know what I'm saying, but oil and fire you're better off keeping those two things apart unless you want things to burn up and and I don't mean in a good way. And I mean I will say that sometimes with the incompatibility can be that two people that are dating the same person are really similar but different in one really crucial way that just creates a lot of friction and dissonance and it's painful. Now I'll say I am a big fan of working to overcome incompatibilities and helping people Bridge incompatibility is a lot of what I actually do for a living I do that because I think we all tend to seek out people who are slightly incompatible with us. A lot of my couples work is working with two people who have who are who love each other who want to be in a relationship with each other and they're very different and so we got to work through it, but I actually I think that incompatible people in your life can sometimes be a tremendous Catalyst for growth and help you with greater understanding of yourself and of people who are different from you most of the people I'm close to in my life are not perfectly compatible with me and that's extremely common and I think it's been really good for me in becoming a more well-rounded compassionate person to have people who are different from me and my life and I really believe that if we only ever deeply connected with people who are exactly like us we couldn't end up actually very rigid and inflexible and sort of dogmatic and Miss opportunities to learn from people who are different from us and make space for those differences. I might even go so far as to say that being capable of overcoming incompatibilities is essential for healthy families healthy communities and a healthy human society, but also growth is fucking hard and Sometimes and you usually choose to go through the effort to grow with someone because you're getting something out of it. And in this case of incompatible people you choose growth over distance and estrangement because you want to continue to be close to the person you love and you've made certain investments in that relationship that make the growth worth it to you, but you don't get to choose your metamours your partner chose those people. So if you just plain don't get along with a metamour and you don't feel like doing the work to make it work with them or you try but it's like bashing your head into a brick wall. I'm going to tell you you don't have to yes. Yes, it might be easier on your partner or easier on your metamour or even easier on you if you were able to figure it out with them and there's something to be said for investigating why someone is so challenging or triggering to you and asking yourself if I want to do some work on that that it might benefit you just on the whole it might be good for your character and your personal development. It can be really good and valuable to confront difficult feelings that a challenging person brings up for us. But also you might just not need that shit right now to my earlier point that work might not be something you're up for or you might just not have the capacity for it at this exact moment in your life. We can only work on ourselves so much before we get get exhausted. Maybe you're already in therapy right now processing childhood trauma, or maybe you've got a really demanding job right now or you've got three kids or a sick family member you're taking care of or maybe you've got health problems that you're dealing with. Maybe you just for whatever reason you have limited bandwidth. You have limited spoons and maybe you just want to break from fucking opportunities for growth. I want you to know that it is totally okay to Sometimes say hey this relationship. I'm not going to work on this one or you can say I'm not going to work on it right now because I can't so this is a really valid choice and I just really want to make sure that I say that it's important, but I also want to say that the choice is not without consequences all of those wonderful things. I said above about how great it can be to be close to your metamour if you're choosing not to be in relationship with that person, then you don't get those things and neither does your partner and neither does your metamour? And so I don't think you can just make that decision to not be connected to them. And then that's that and all your Works done because no matter what this person will still be in your life. However tangentially for as long as your partner is with them. So I have some things to offer you to keep in mind. If you proceed with that position of not being in any kind of connection with your metamour first of all, it's important to do your best to communicate where you are kindly but Emily Let your partner know what's up, let them and your metamour know what is and isn't. Okay so that everyone's on the same page. It's really important that as best. You can to be really clear about where ever your boundaries are and do that up front instead of leaving your partner or your metamour to accidentally push on them or step on them. It's not fair to anyone in this situation to like litter your relationship with a bunch of buried landmines. This will not only feel bad for you. When someone steps on them, but it will also feel terrible for them to and they'll blow up. And by the way, I just want to jump in here and say that anytime I'm mentioning boundaries in this episode when I'm talking about are lines that you draw for and around yourself. They are limits on your behavior and on what you will tolerate so it's what you will and won't do what you will and won't take responsibility for I want to be clear about that because sometimes people think well, I set a boundary that my partner can't Do this. That's not a boundary. You can't make a boundary on someone else's behavior. That is at best a request or at worst a demand or a rule. But the reason why I say boundaries is that really you can only control yourself and my emphasis in everything. I have to say pretty much everything I have to say period but definitely in this episode what I'm saying here is that you really have Think about what you're doing and because you can't control the other people in this situation only yourself. So for the sake of your partner, another thing you want to do if you don't want to have anything to do with your metamour is you should acknowledge the consequences that your choice has on your partner and hold space for your partner's feelings around it where you can instead of minimizing them or defending yourself because this is going to be hard for them. Your partner will have a lot of more juggling to do of who can be where when and how now I don't want you to let that compromise your boundaries. I You to let your partner guilt you in any kind of way, but I also do want you to show your partner some Grace and understanding and care where you can try your best not to actively make things more difficult such as really asking your partner for things that you know are going to put them in hot water with their other partner and try to show respect for the challenges that are going to come up around things like special occasions or you know, birthdays holidays things that you both might want to go to. And be aware also of the power differentials between your relationship with your partner and your metamour and be careful to avoid allowing that power to impact your partner's relationship with your metamour. I talked about this in my episode about couple power and privilege. But really in this case, it's even more important to be mindful of unexamined hierarchy and be careful not to pull rank or otherwise interfere with your partner's other relationship and I want to acknowledge here that if you're the non nesting partner. And you don't want anything to do with your metamour. You also have some power there. There are ways you can undermine that relationship. And so it's just really important to be aware that you do have some power to impact that other relationship. So do your best to not let your unwillingness to interact with your partner's partner to place inherent limits on how your partner's other relationship can grow and evolve because if you're doing this, of course, it can damage your partner's relationship with your metamour. But it can also create a lot of resentment between you and your partner though. I'll add here that sometimes both of the previous situations are just unavoidable. If there's a special occasion that you want to attend with your partner and you don't want to share space with your metamour someone is going to miss out and missing out might mean that there's a loss of integrating that person into your partner's life or sharing an important Milestone or things like that. But as I'll go into in a second deciding who gets what role Your shared Partners life is not your job to figure out that responsibility belongs to your partner who is also known as the hinge in this situation. If you don't want to communicate with your metamour again, that's fine. But make sure that you remain very respectful of how you talk about them and their relationship with your partner. You don't want to do or say anything that could potentially undermine the relationship like I said and And you also want to tread lightly on how you share information that involves your partner. And with whom if you're sharing information about your partner and it trickles to your metamour through mutual friends that can be a form of triangulation and it can cause hurt feelings if you and your metamour have shared Community or shared spaces be careful that you don't say or do things that could harm or hurt your metamour as best. You can try to make space so that your metamour can have access to social connections. because I've found in my experience that polyamory Community can be really important to have networks of support and a lot of times if we don't have support within our polyamory Community, we don't have support around our polyamorous relationships because that's not something that you know, monogamous people always can get and so I think it's important to make that space and one way that it can that can help is to try to keep your friend group separate so that you don't Run into more overlapping connections with someone that you don't want to be connected to. Be generous where you can with your metamour to not for them because again, I know you don't want to have anything to do with them. But because it's just good karma give them the benefit of the doubt try to make space where you can just be gracious and be forgiving of your partner if they screw things up because they probably will and that's because they're in a difficult situation that is likely impossible to navigate flawlessly. So again, just Except this time for your partner. Okay. So that's if you are the person who doesn't want anything to do with your metamour if you are the partner also known as the hinge I have so much sympathy for you because this can really suck and I'll say again that if one of your partner's doesn't want anything to do with the other it might be a signal to take a look and see what might be underneath that stance that your partner has because there might be a yellow or a red flag there that you need to look at. It also might be worth taking a look at whether you are fostering a healthy connection between your partners or whether you are hindering that I have seen some hinges like really really with the best of intentions undermining those relationships by trying to manage them or by being a go-between and I'll get into that and also I want to say you can absolutely decide that. It just won't work for you if your partner's can't be connected to each other. You're allowed to have that be a deal breaker for you. However, that doesn't mean you have license to pressure your partner's to be connected or get along so you can try because we all get to have influence over the people whose Behavior impacts us. We get to try we get to say our case, but in general I've not seen that go well and it can actually backfire on You by again creating resentment between your partners and leave them feeling that they're wrong for not being able to get along when This is more common than you might imagine. It's actually not that uncommon at all for metamours to not get along again. I think sometimes people have a lot in common. Sometimes there's a little bit of friction and that can make it hard or they might be Polar Opposites. And that's why your partner's that's why you're drawn to both of them. So if you find yourself in a situation where everyone's done their best, but your two partners don't want to be connected to each other and you decide you want to stay in this situation and you want to make it work. Here's what I would suggest for you the big one. This is so huge. If you get nothing else from this podcast in your a hinge, this is the one I want you to hear own your agency when your partner's needs that they have from that they have from you are in conflict or you run into a situation where you have competing commitments with them. It is your choice what to do about that and your choice Alone, never throw one partner under the bus with the other one. If you have to let one partner down or cancel something with them to meet an eater fulfill a commitment with another own that you were choosing that never blame your metamour. You're an adult you get to decide what you're going to do and what you're not going to do. Nobody is making you so own that Okay, and and when that happens because it inevitably will okay. It's going to happen to you. I also want you to be gentle and forgiving of yourself. You're just one person. You're a human in a difficult situation and shit happens and it's impossible to make everybody happy all the time. And that's not your responsibility. So be gentle with yourself if you have to let someone down. So another thing to know is that a lot of pain in this kind of situation can come from what information is being shared and how and with whom information is one of these covert status things like being in the know being in the Inner Circle of your partner and what's going on with them is important. So you really are going to need to tread carefully and massively uplevel your Communications game. If you tell something to one partner like share a big life thing with them. It's really and to make sure that your other partner gets that information before they hear it from someone else or they might feel left out or not included that's just like one example, so just be really aware of that in terms of how you make people feel included in your life and what they get to know and don't know especially if there's an inequity because one partner just happens to be closer to you in some kind of way just that's really important to be conscious of Another thing I said this earlier don't allow yourself to be the go-between between your two partners if your partner's don't want contact with each other don't let them and don't let yourself turn into their owl if your partner's have a disagreement don't take sides or involve yourself. Don't feel the need to let one know how the other one feels about them. Don't try to build a bridge. Don't try to you know advocate for the other person's point of view. I've That a really good rule to follow in general is just to not speak for other people and don't Advocate on their behalf without their consent. Now, you're sure to mess this one up in a while. But if you're making a habit of it or even thinking like it's your job to do you're doing something called triangulation and it's going to blow up in your face. You may feel like you're trying to mend fences, but I've never seen this do anything but hurt the relationship and I'm not talking about your relationship with your partner's although it can hurt that. That but I'm talking about the more you try to help quote-unquote help the more it can actually really hinder the relationship. And even if you are intending to triangulation can actually end up being pretty manipulative and controlling so really just back off. Just stay out of the middle of it. It sucks. Anyway, it's not fun. Also, there are times when you'll want to tell one partner about something that happened with you that involves your other partner because you want to tell stories about your life with them that might come up. And what I encourage you to do is get consent from both of your partners to share information about that other partner with each other. I'd also encourage you to get maybe some kind of blanket. Of what's okay, and not okay again. It's good to have some boundaries around communication and what people want to hear and don't want to hear and I also think it's useful to tell someone after the fact what you've been saying about them and about your experience with them because sometimes it can be really stressful to be in the dark and I know this sort of feels like counter to the previous thing where I say, don't be the go-between, but again when you're talking about you and what you say and what you feel it's different and sometimes it's really important to keep everyone informed on what that is because sometimes we end up not making up stories in our head. And so again the more proactive you can be around communication about where you're at and how you feel about everybody the better and to that end. I think it can be useful sometimes to make a point of saying positive things about your partner's to each other and sharing stories about how they add to your life or how wonderful they are again. You want to make sure you get permission to do that both from the person hearing the thing and the person you're saying the thing about but I think it can be useful and Again, this is not with the intention of mending fences. But more just having them understand you and understand why this person is in your life. Another thing that's really important though is again don't pressure or shame one of your partner's into being connected to the other. This is really not cool and it's disrespectful of their boundaries, and it's also not likely to work and tends to just make things worse. That said you also get to feel how you feel about it. You get to be angry you get to be sad, you get to be frustrated you get to be disappointed. Whatever you're feeling about. This is valid just be mindful of how you express those feelings. And to whom I'd not saying you can never tell your partner that you're disappointed that they don't get along because I think like they might be disappointed to you know, I mean it might be useful to share that grief, but I suggest saving your unfiltered. I heard processing about this difficult situation for someone outside of these two partners because that again can kind of come across as blaming just because you're upset and this is hard doesn't mean anything is doing anything wrong and it's important to hold space for that too. It's also really important to stick up for both of your relationships. If you're ever in a situation where one partner is asking for things that could undermine or harm the other relationship. Don't allow yourself to A pate in that set a limit there and absolutely don't allow either of your partner's to dictate what happens in the other relationship again, that's just that's not cool. If one of your partner's is a nesting partner a tricky thing can be negotiating your shared space and I did a whole episode on this a couple of weeks ago. The reality is they have a right to not interact with people in their own home that they don't want to interact with so there's that but you also live there and have a right to be able Have people in your home and use your space as you want to so this can be a really gridlocked issue because both of you have a reasonable position on it. And so the key thing there is find a healthy and kind and compassionate way to talk about it and negotiate and work it out together be really careful not to Railroad anybody into accepting a situation that they find unacceptable and also don't allow yourself to be railroaded out of being able to have the people. People you love in your home and lastly hinges ask for things that you need to support you in maintaining your relationships. Your metamours may not want to have anything to do with each other and they certainly don't inherently owe each other anything but they both theoretically love you and want you to be happy. Just make sure that you frame any requests as being for you. Okay? Okay. So now I'm going to go back to where I started which is What do you do if it's you if you're the one who's metamour wants nothing to do with you doesn't want to be your friend doesn't want to be connected to you as with every other person in this situation. I want to start by encouraging you to take a close look to see if your metamours on willingness to engage with you is a sign that there are red flags with them or problems in your partner's relationship with them or maybe even a signal that there's something off in your relationship with your partner. When there are problems between metamours, it is sometimes a big flashing sign that the hinge partner isn't creating enough Security in their relationships. And I've also seen hinge Partners sometimes intentionally sometimes unintentionally pitting their Partners against each other as some kind of power play. Maybe it shows up as making one or the other field more like the favorite or sometimes. It's the hinge talking negatively about one partner to the other and I've also seen this come up with metamours feeling like they have to compete for one of those finite resources because love is infinite but you know time energy attention those aren't and then the hinge just not managing expectations or owning their choices very well that kind of behavior can be used as a way of gaining control or Nipple ating ones partners by isolating them from each other. So I really look out for that again. I don't want to vilify someone if that's going on for them because sometimes it's unintentional but it's really important to not allow that continue and so, you know and hinges again, you got to look at this and do your work, you know, if you only have so much time don't leave it to your med to your partner's to compete over it own that it's your time. It belongs to you and then Odd how you want to use it? Anyway also for the person who whose metamour doesn't want anything to do with them just like everyone else in this situation you get to decide presence or absence of red flags whether you want to do parallel Polly when you would prefer to do kitchen table poly or whether you just like to have some kind of relationship with your metamour you can't force anyone to the kitchen table obviously, but you also can't force yourself to be happy about not having that. That's something you want. If it's really important to you to have that kind of arrangement and you're not getting it in this relationship. It might be worth like putting your energy into finding a partner whose Partners will be able to do that with you. But you know, sometimes you just love who you love and their relationship with your partner is worth having even without being able to have a relationship with your metamour. And if you decide to continue, I have some tips and these tips are very Road tested because I've been in this situation I saved this part for last because this is the role I have been in in the past. First of all allow yourself to feel however you feel about it if what you really want is to be connected and get along with everyone and have a big happy poly family. This can really suck and it's okay to be unhappy about it. It's okay to grieve. Not getting the relationship and configuration that you wanted. It's okay. Also if you feel rejected and vulnerable because this isn't a boundary you chose it might feel like you know, you're not you're not good enough. It could really hurt. But just because you're hurt doesn't mean anyone is wrong, but your feelings are still valid. So the other thing I'd advise you to do is make sure you get clear. In about where the boundaries are with your metamour because if your metamoris saying, you know, I don't want to be connected to you. You need to get clear on what that really means your metamour or your partner may have a hard time being clear about that in part because they may feel uncomfortable or mean about setting those clear boundaries with you. But I think it's really important for you to get clear on what is and isn't okay and I'd also say show respect and gratitude for those boundaries when they are being set for you. It's It's better that your metamour is being clear about where they are and what they want and don't want so that they're not trying to like fake a relationship with you while all the while quietly building resentment towards you and your shared partner. Also, you may feel powerless in this situation. But remember that you get to have boundaries too and what I mean by boundaries is again, you get to decide on the Situation's you'll allow yourself to be in and you get to bow out of situations. You don't want to be in my next piece of advice is complained about the situation to your friends or other partners, but, you know be mindful about how much you complain about them to your hinge partner because the situation is probably hard for them to but spending a lot of time commiserating about how much it sucks that that your metamour isn't game to be close to you can also end up looking a lot like ganging up on your metamour which isn't respecting their relationship. Also as best you can try to take the rejection on the chin and try to let it go. The reality is not everyone is going to like you and that is just the way of the world and not everyone has to and that doesn't mean that there's anything wrong with you either. So please again don't internalize your metamours desire to not be close to you. I went through that and it really tore me up. But ultimately I realized that when someone doesn't like me most of the time It's about them and not about me. I mean maybe there are things in about you that you need to work on but the reality is also you can't please everyone and it is a crucial life skill to be able to let go of people who just aren't your people and the everything is make sure that your partner sticks up for your relationship and don't be afraid to ask for what you need and advocate for yourself. Try to turn your focus away though from what your metamour may or may not have with your partner that you might. Want and instead focus on what you want with your partner and let them navigate the places where there's friction again. Don't get caught in this trap of fighting over resources that are your partners with your meta more focus on your relationship with your partner. Not on what your partner has with your metamour. It's just not it's not a good place to go and if your partner is not owning their own agency, then don't let that fly, you know, really? Judge them to own their choices here, and don't let them throw your metamour under the bus. Also you need to respect your partner's other relationship and offer whatever support you can for them to freely engage in it. And also be careful to tried that line of not demanding so much support for your relationship that you're forcing your partner to repeatedly stick up for their other relationship with you. I realize that you may not feel like you owe your metamour anything especially because maybe they're acting in ways that are hurtful towards you. But again, if you start playing tug-of-war the person who's most going to get hurt is your partner the person that you love it can be hard to support them in loving someone who has again who's causing you pain and who doesn't want anything to do with you, but that relationship is not about you. It's about your partner and their happiness and if you Of them you want to encourage them to be with the person that they love even if that person doesn't. Love you. As I said, I was in the situation myself several years ago with a metamour I dated someone new and they're more established partner just really didn't get along with me. And even though we started to try to have a friendship we ultimately she ultimately decided she didn't want to do that with me anymore. And it sucks and it was hard and it made me feel hurt and rejected and vulnerable and really insecure for a little while and Is made Harder by the fact that the person who didn't want to be close to me was my partner's nesting partner and had been with my partner for a very very long time. There were times when I was afraid that my metamours rejection of me would keep me Shut Out of aspects of my partner's life that I hope to be a part of but I actually think my metamour did what they could to prevent this and I think that they really did their best to respect my relationship with our shared partner. And in many cases went way above and beyond to protect the time that I got to have with my partner. So, you know, even though they couldn't be friends with me they were and continue to be incredibly respectful of my relationship which honestly can't have always been easy for them. Now. That's not to say that There weren't many bumps in the road and many challenges but we have ultimately worked to respect one another and support our partners relationship with each of us and I've come to see that even though we're not friends. They really done everything. They could to be a great metamour to me while not also sacrificing themselves and their own needs and boundaries and that's the best that I could hope for and you know years later. They've also expressed to me that they really did want to be able to Be friends with me, but it just wasn't possible for them. And they also grieved that we couldn't have a relationship. So, you know again, I just want to voice that this is a thing that happens and its more common than you think it's funny because like some of my friends when I first started getting involved with my partner looked at our situation and we're just like looking at me and scratching their heads and going why would you want to do this? But but while Hard and and not what I was looking for. Like I really want like big poly family. Everybody interconnected. Everybody's showing up at Thanksgiving together co-parenting together blah blah blah this situation also taught me a lot. It taught me a lot about boundaries. It taught me a lot about being able to just respect where people are at when it's not where you want them to be and to really just accept what is and again, I also just I learned that the situation isn't that unusual so Please know that if you're in the situation, you're not alone and it doesn't mean there's something wrong with you. It doesn't mean you're doing polyamory wrong. It doesn't mean that that you're bad and and it you know, it's just something that happens and it's okay. Okay, so I'm going to recap now. But first I just want to thank you for sticking with me on this episode. I know it's a little longer than my normal one, but I just had a lot to say there was a lot in this episode that needed to be said so to recap yes, it can be challenging and even disappointing if your metamour doesn't want to have a relationship with you, but it's it's a thing that happens and it doesn't necessarily mean anyone. Is doing anything wrong definitely keep an eye out for those red and yellow flags. But also sometimes that's not the issue. It's just for all different kinds of reasons. It's not working. I went through a lot of advice on what to do if you're in this situation and I'm not going to recap it all but my top advice is for the person who doesn't want to be connected with your metamour is to be clear on your boundaries if you're the hinge Amber own your agency and own your choices. And if you're in the situation where your metamour doesn't want to be connected to you. Just remember to take a deep breath be kind to yourself and try not to make it about you because it probably isn't and truly I can understand if you really want kitchen table poly that you might be disappointed but none of this is the end of the world or it doesn't have to be as long as you and your meta more respect each other's relationships and each other's boundaries and As long as your partner learns how to hinge like a motherfucker it can work and sometimes work really. Well I can say for myself. It has worked really well. It will require that everyone conducts themselves with Grace and generosity respect and care, but you can move through it and have a wonderful relationship and possibly find something really beautiful and at all. So go forth and have the relationships you want to have and don't have the relationships that you don't want to have. Thank you so much for joining me today. If you have any thoughts about what I've said or question for the show, I'd love to hear from you. You can reach me on my website at Libby sin back.com, or you can just email me at Libby at Libby sin back.com. You can also find me on Facebook. Just look for my name Libby sin back and you can like my page and that's where you can keep track of any of the things that I am up. I'll also say that if you're loving my podcasts, but maybe feeling a little stuck on how to really bring some of the things I'm saying into practice in your life and you like some help. This is the kind of thing. I helped my coaching clients do every day. If you're interested. I am offering my podcast listeners a free introductory session with me to see if coaching might be a good fit. There's a link in the podcast description for you to sign up or you can just go to www.tasklabels.com slots are limited. Though, so make sure you grab one. If you want it. If you love this podcast, please share it with your friends your networks your Facebook groups Etc and make sure you subscribe so you don't miss an episode. It would also be a big help if you left a review or a comment on iTunes because that will help more people find the show. Thank you so much for being with me today, and I will see you soon.