Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying It to help you guys to understand the articles in very simple and easy ways so that you guys know when to use which articles so there are two indefinite articles a and an and in that other video. I do explain how to use them. And in this video we are going to learn about the definite article the okay that so we are going to learn how to use the definite article that was singular nouns plural nouns and uncountable nouns and I do have a homework assignment for you guys in this lesson and it is for you guys to write a sentence using the definite article with the singular plural and uncountable nouns. Okay guys, so make sure you do your homework assignment. Don't be like Mike. College students that don't like homework and hate homework and whatever. Alright. So first of all welcome, my name is teacher Monica to those for those of you guys who do not know me and have never heard of me. I'm an American English teacher. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach online if you guys are looking to take classes. You can visit my website English. Teacher Monica.com and on my website. I have different lessons. I have videos. I have a podcast and I also have an English app that you can download where you will have access to all of my English materials. Now without further Ado. Let's get into the singular nouns. Now we use this definite article with singular nouns. We talk about when we talk about something specific. So this means that this is something that both the speaker and The Listener know about so here is an example is the red car outside yours. So both the speaker and The Listener know about the red car outside. So you're going to use the which is the definite article in this instance you're going to Is because both of you both the speaker and The Listener know which car is being spoken about. Okay, same thing with a green dress. So she wants to buy the green dress again. Imagine you're at a store you are talking about your sister your mom or your aunt who wants to buy a green dress that she just saw but you want to tell The person who works there which dress so there's a blue dress a red dress and a green dress. You need to tell the person working there that your mom or your sister. Whoever wants the green dress. Okay, there are some options there, but it's the green one that you guys you want. So being very specific you are going to use the That is for very specific things. Here are some mistakes to avoid. I've got a new car. What's missing? Okay, you need an article in there? So one mistake that English Learners make especially when they come from a language that doesn't have articles is they forget to use an article and this is something that I've you know is very obvious to a native speaker. This is something that shows. That that person is well for one not a native speaker. And so just we want to avoid not using an article when we need to have an article in there. Okay, so you could say something like I've got the new car or you could even say I've got a new car which is the in definite article, okay. All right. So moving right along now. Let's take a look at plural nouns. And so this shoes she bought were very expensive. Now. We're talking about a specific pair of shoes that she bought and again remember the speaker and The Listener both know what's being spoken about they both know which shoes that are being. Talked about okay, so the shoes she bought were very expensive now again, I'm I'm going to keep referring to the indefinite article video because we need to see some compare and contrast in that video. You see that you do not use the indefinite article a or and with plural nouns, you don't you can't so you can't say A shoes shoes is plural. You have to use the definite article with plural nouns really easy grammar rule to remember always use the definite article with plural nouns because you cannot use the indefinite article with plural nouns. Now uncountable nouns you can use the definite article with uncountable nouns, but you cannot use the indefinite articles with uncountable nouns. Okay. And again, if you guys want to see some examples just you can go back and watch the video. I just filmed and posted about it. Indefinite articles. So now let's take a look at some examples. He left the money on the table children should drink the juice. Okay, so we cannot say he left a money on the table. No in this instance you actually Don't necessarily need the definite article. You could say he left money on the table. Okay. Now, when would you use the like it's written in the sentence we would use it when we are referring to a very specific amount of money. For example, let's say that you have a son a child. Who needs money for school a school event and your mom will say you are a mom. You can say to your son. Oh your father left the money on the table. We know in this conversation that the money that was left on the table. Is very specific to the school event. So we know that that money in particular is specifically for school. That is when and why you would use the Hey Dad. I need money for a school event. Okay. No problem. Dad goes to work mom's home and kid says mom. Where is the Money for school and she would say oh your dad left the money on the table very very specific. Okay, and this is what this is about now, next one children should drink the juice. Okay. So again specific. Oh your mom left some orange juice on the table. You guys need to go drink the juice go drink it. Okay, very specific Okay, so make sure that you guys one thing I've noticed is that a lot of the people who watch my videos are not subscribed or even the podcast or not subscribed. So make sure you guys subscribe to my channel and like a activate the Bell notification every time you guys do that. You will receive a notification when I upload a video. So you guys don't miss any English lessons. Make sure you give this video a thumbs up and Share share this video with people that you know who are also learning English. We are going to be Switching gears pretty soon here. And talking about some some other like real-life English that native speakers have conversations about all the time. Okay guys, so I'll be back very soon with more lessons to help you guys improve your English skills. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer anchor will Beat your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.