Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So Just for the basic rundown of what cube is so cube is a Limited Format like booster draft or sealed except instead of using your packs of boosters from the latest set you instead have a predefined set of cards that are selected by the cube Creator. This is typically a pool of somewhere between 360 and 700 cards and like a normal booster draft. You just take three piles of 15 cards from the the pool and do a draft as normal. So Rupert what actually sets Cube apart from just doing a booster Jeff, why go to the trouble of collecting four five six hundred cards just to pile them together. Well first and foremost, I think at least for myself the most important thing about building a cube is that you actually can influence or create your own set. So you can put your own ideas into this pile of around 400 to 700 car. And make something truly unique you and your friends can appreciate together. It's almost like you're building your own masters set. Yeah. Yeah, so that's I guess the main thing with Cube you can very much build the way you want to and one of the main things with cube, of course is unlike your booster draft where you're very much a limited to you know, the packs that are in your store. If you want to build a cube that is based around, you know Theros you Could build a cube that has old Pharaoh's and say there was beyond death mush together and there you go. You've got like a full pharaohs thing worse, you know, most stores nowadays wouldn't wouldn't say be carrying there was beyond death and journey to Nick's for example solution that lets you play with carrots that would necessarily always be played together. Yeah. Another thing that is typical with Cube and like you it is a casual format. So any of these kind of rules that we give you they are of course. To be taken with a grain of salt like cube is typically a Singleton format. So when you are building your Cube Rarity doesn't matter if you you know, you're one man of one one common is just as valuable and just as likely to come up as your excuse me, it's just as likely come up is your liliana's the veil found but when I say my one man at one moment Cube also is about very much getting the best of the best together and putting them into to that collection. So if you are trying to influence people into a certain archetype and things like that, you should be playing you know the best within reason. That that color can offer, you know, so if you're playing, you know, say you have like a red I grow package. Why are why would you be running lightning strike instead of lightning bolt lightning bolt is just the better card and it better fits that thing unless of course you have some reason not to run it, but we'll get into exactly why you may or may not be running certain powerful carrots later on for now. Let's just take some time to run through the types of cube that exist. So the first one that comes Mind is the basic distinction between a powered and unpowered Cube. And this is just where you have the point where you have to decide. Do you include the power 9 into your clue Cube or not? Yeah, and naturally that's going to depend a bit on you know for one your access to the power and even yeah, I think that's what you can say in a world where one I don't necessarily endorse proxy and cards. I do understand there is sometimes when you prefer it when the power 9 is about 30 grand when you're buying all of it, but let's say you do have access to your paranoid do you or do you not include it? Well that can depend because I mean realistically like I say if you're playing with a bunch of just random stuff from say the past two years of magic and then you throw the power 9 in the middle of it. The power 9 is just going to dominate and whoever drafts the power is basically going to just win, you know, if you don't want things to be unbalanced the next thing to mention about Event is an eternal Cube. So these are cubes that feature cards from the entire history of magic. So, you know think of vintage for example as an eternal format where no-holds-barred everything's on the table pretty much the most open type, isn't it? Exactly? Yeah. It's a very general term but you know, it's fair enough you can it does kind of let people know what's going on because certain people do indeed take limitations under Cube. Up from the carpool for example with a modern Cube. So we come to this with a lot of things a lot of cubes are named after a format such as Modern Vintage Legacy and Pauper. So a modern Cube typically will refer to a cube that is cards that are legal in legal and modern in the sense that they are printed with the modern border saying that a modern Cube may choose to have carrots that are banned in the modern format. For example, say you just Splinter twin and you want to build a modern Cube? Well your Cube you could still call your cube of modern Cube. Even if you do have Splinter twin it truck through and the same goes for like Legacy cubes and vintage cubes like Alexa Cube that plays, you know, I don't know what's behind in like say I don't play like see Channel channels et al X cubed channel is still a legacy Cube You Know It generally it's a very much just a broad term again. So, you know if you're agreeable a rough idea on where you have light. Dear so and even if you're going out to play Cube and someone says hey, I've got a legacy Cube, you know chaps then be like hey by the way are the Legacy band carrots in the cube. That's a nice thing to know and it's a good thing to inform your players. If you have a legacy Cube or if you have a modern q 4 if you have a cubed and he sort of ambiguous name that you'd be like, oh, by the way, this isn't you and you know people with cubes are more than happy to tell you these things because if you've ever touched some with a cube, they never shut up about it, so True about keeping on the notion of Cubes named after formats popper cubes are another very popular Brew partially because they are very inexpensive a pauper Cube. Also like the format is cute that consists purely of carrots prints that common and I mean Rupert. Have you played my popper Cube? Yes, I did actually. Yeah, why not tell us about what you include into that. Yeah, so my property Did you take inspiration from like the major Pauper matter themes or that's exactly it I built it with the proper meta game in mind because Papa would be my kind of main constructed format will say and you know, I pretty much you know, you have your blue-black control you have your you haven't is it scred deck in there you have anything that you would expect to find at a local pulper event. You could draft it in my Cube, you know, you want to play mono green elves. There's a green ELF package in there. But also while it is a pauper Cube, I did take some liberties with the term pulper Wilds of included cards from the set conspiracy the notably the conspiracy card types and despite those not all being printed at common. I threw them in the cube because I thought they introduced a really interesting side of the gameplay. Oh, yeah. They're really did ya like we might include a whole episode just talking about conspiracies at some point, but I love that aspect of you know, It brings enough variance to the game or even if there is top decks there is that level of variants that can make the underdog sort of win or just have those fun interactions. Even the first time I drafted it. I it was actually with you Rupert. I remember and I was thinking in my head like right. I know the archetypes I baked into the cube myself and then I was asking if one afterwards but draft. Oh, I dropped Mana Redburn. I drafted Delver I drafted control all killed Rupert. What did you drop five colored offenders? It was Buster. It was a blast and sure but there isn't like if you would ask me, you know, never in a million years, but I've said yeah, my Cube has a five color Defender archetype and that was a byproduct of the conspiracies that I had added. They had introduced this amazing new archetype that I didn't even know existed. Yeah, but uh, but basically does just that it spices up something. Just gives us this special note. What you usually don't expect in a papa Cube. Yeah, like or like a general Cube where you have certain fixed archetypes, like for example a set or a block Cube. Yes. We're pretty sure about pretty certain about the certain act types that exist that because they've been drafted to death already exactly exactly and setblock cubes are very much for the Nostalgia Junkies. On you where you know, you loved playing in original and astride so you decided you know, what I'm going to build a cube made out of carrots only from an asteroid or only from say the standard of that time. I will say as well set and block cubes have a nice advantage over regular cubes and that normal cubes are never truly finished in the sense that whenever a new set comes out. You know, I'm always looking for new carrots. What's going to what's going to come in? That would be you know that can Fill a new need in my cube with a setup block Cube asset only comes out once so I mean you can be fairly certain words, like right if I want to recapture the standard of 2010. There was only one standard of 2010. So the limited carpool does make it a bit nicer for you in terms of you can have a goal in finish it in general a set Cube or a block Cube will have an assortment of three of each common to of each uncommon and in one of each rare. Mythic with maybe a choice selection of certain cards to be cut out either because they underperform during draft or maybe they were just found to be too oppressive in the draft format. But yes a cubes are fun. And like if you do have a bunch of cards just laying around I think that's the thing though, which makes certain bot Cube so easy to construct compare it to maybe a modern Cube as any people like myself who used to make the huge mistake of actually buying loads of boosters to get the cards. I won't yeah. Yeah, that's the thing and I know even like myself I was looking at making a magic Origins SEC Cube, which is the set. I started playing in and it was not because even I was I think pricing it up became to around a hundred euros. And that was excluding, you know certain mythix and you might think you know, why dropped a mythix they're fun, but like there are certain mythix that are just bad and draft because you know from Wizards of the Coast perspective when they design a set they need to print the commons to be good in draft, but bad in constructed generally speaking because you want people to open product but you want the people to play limited to have a good time. Similarly. You want the mythix to be good and constructed but not as good in limited because Cuz you know you don't want the person to just drop Semitic to automatically win. Like I've drafted mythix before and standard sets and I've lost drafts horribly. Even if I have gotten a bomb Mythic. So that's kind of your advantage of cube. Like if there is those carrots that are just particularly go to a particularly bad you cut them because it's no point happening. Although I think this is the thing that gets more difficult as Wizards tend to print especially me. Fix that are exceptionally good in both constructed dancer in it. There is definitely kinds that are good and beeps. Yeah this sure sure but this line is more and more blurry. I'm especially thinking of Throne of those rain which features featured a ton of rares and metrics that will just enormous not good both men like it was held rain was a fantastic set for I mean I drafted A questing beast in one of my decks and it's like that that just cleans the floor with whatever you play. It's or you know dare we say the boogeyman of standard until his recent Banning Oco Thief groans. So there is definitely definitely exceptions to every rule. Yeah. I want to give a little shout out here to another Cube type. That's a little bit more Niche and is definitely one that is not for the beginner. I would recommend it's called a desert king and at that Cube is a cube where players must draft their basic lands. I don't think we actually mentioned that at the top of the show in a normal Cube like with a booster draft. You just get your lands at the end of it, you know, you take those lands from a you know, the the cube owners pool and it doesn't keep you must draft your Basics, which is a really weird neat idea because it forces you to prioritize lands way more than you already should and it creates this really nice Dynamic where you're sort of like, oh do I take the bomb or do I, you know, get enough lines to even play the deck. Yeah, certainly something different happened played a desert Cube personally, but I would imagine it lends itself to aggressive strategies partially because you can often take that bomb over the over the lamp because you just need less of them, but I Imagine it to be quite grinder to be honest. Yeah, true. A lot of desert cubes actually will change up the booster pack format. Like a lot of desert cubes will be for one. They'll be larger in size and secondly your pack will be 18 cards rather than 15 cards. I've seen a lot of them do that just to give you extra chances to grab more cards. And then I guess the last Cube then that we'd probably like to talk about is a themed Cube. Oh, yeah. This is where things get interesting for. Sure. So the theme cube is essentially the thing we were talking about in the beginning grab an idea you have and make a set around it. So a theme cube is basically well basing on. Some sort of limitation you set yourself so it can either be a financial limitation like picking a pot pick you up whatever but more interesting is that you can actually limit yourself to certain colors or certain archetypes or even certain creature to that creature types are if I remember correctly been you are about to construct a under a prison to try. Yes one of my cubes that I've Blew up, but I haven't actually played in paper yet is underappreciated tribes for each Guild is based around a creature type that you normally wouldn't think of. So, for example, as Aureus is based around Birds red green plays with satyrs and things of that and it's a bunch of tribes that are just a little bit off the beaten path and that's a pretty big limitation and again it sort of forces my hand a little bit when making picks or when making deciding what goes in and out of cube. But to be honest, I think there's also the most interesting thing about that. You've the form up to actually truly have freedom and picking your own theme for sure and I think as well, it's a great place for those sort of Commander Brewers out there as well. Who love you maybe love a concept or finds an idea, but then they realized the pool of cards is just too narrow to make commander deck around where like for example, even like if you look at the commander they printed in Pharaoh's recently Galia the satyr tried. Under she looks really sick. The problem is there's only about 15 satyr creatures in Magic which seems kind of very low funnily enough. But um, yeah, there's so few even including the new ones in Paris. I think it only comes to about 25 or so, which is enough to unlimited. Yeah, like even if you were to include all of them in the commander deck a lot of them are just bad and don't synergize with each other, but if you're building a limited deck Certainly, those Sailors have a home or you know, the blueblack nightmare deck has a home because you know, the car pool is small enough, but because limited decks are so small. It allows that little bit of flexibility and allows you to actually fill your deck with stuff that you want to fill it with and then the last thing about Cube I'll just I think we should end on is just if you are curious about the format don't spend all day on scry Fall look. through careless and looking for this that and the other just take a pile of cards and put them together see what happens. As soon as we saw exactly cube is an evolving for me. It's all about building your card base and changing it over time. So even if you start with a cube and you know, it's a bad Cube, you know, it's unbalanced. That's fine. The fact that you have a cube and ideally you have a group of people the draft it with that's all you need to start cubing. So I think that's a good place to leave it off. So we will leave some links somewhere on the internet that you can find. So you can find a couple example cubes and you can find some lovely resources. I know the professor from salarian Community College has done some excellent videos on Cube, but come back next week and we're gonna start running through some classic archetypes of cube so that you can know what to expect and what kind of ideas you can build around in your Cube. And I think that's where we leave it will.