Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg Audino and welcome back to the podcast where I narrate content to improve the different relationships in your life today. I am covering part 1 of a post from breakup recovery expert Eddie core Bono got two parts total got a break them up for those of us who can only read for so long like myself look many times. We only learn things in hindsight. But sometimes like today we can listen and learn from people like Eddie who have been there and done that and catch the right information in the right moment. So we're going to get right into his post and start optimizing your life. What I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. When you find yourself alone after a break up the majority of your perspective problems, right after will come from the fact that you are now on unknown potentially hostile territory. Like you've been transported to another frightening reality. You feel alone scared not knowing what the future holds for you a whole new range of emotions keep. During on you making you not recognize yourself. The first few weeks are confusing and disturbing. So the foremost purpose of this article is to give you strength and hope to make it through this undefined and Uncharted Territory at the beginning of a breakup. I will try to show you what is waiting for you both the good and the ugly stuff a map through that dark territory. So please read carefully everything you will read is based on experience from so many who have made it through this and who have come Out as a better version of themselves, it will help you to get some clarity during this confusing time. Where nothing seems to make sense a silver lining yesterday. I caught myself observing my wife while she was reading a book. She has this special weird way that she holds the book in one hand and rest her forehand on the other. I suddenly started thinking about how incredibly lucky I am if I could have constructed a woman that would fit best with me and the person I am it would be Exactly. Someone like her. In fact, she's even better than I could have constructed because she's not perfect Perfection doesn't exist. And if it did I am convinced that we would bore ourselves to death with a perfect partner instead. My wife is challenging always testing my boundaries spicing my life with her colorful emotional facets at that moment. I thought what would have happened? If somebody were to give me this exact picture of her and her description back during the very beginning of my breakup. How would I have felt if I knew that one day in the future? I would have her by my side loving me accepting me as I am and standing beside me no matter what would my pain have gone away instantly what I have been relieved would I somehow have changed my way. The answer is most probably not because breakup recovery is not about sudden epiphanies that have the power to change everything. We must understand that there is A set of words magic pill or a glance into the future that can heal us overnight. It is about a process a journey during which we change ourselves for the better the Panic right after the split you feel numbness as if something strange has happened and you're not really sure what unfortunately this doesn't last long soon. You will enter a new phase an experience sheer archaic. I can't make it alone exit. Essential Panic the kind of panic the Stone Age man experienced when he found himself abandoned and alone surrounded by wild animals. It's an irrational deep wired fight or flight fear. That makes us do all the stupid things. We do like pleading calling or harassing our exes. What you must do is simply accept this and understand that this Panic is not you it's just an automatic reaction to an existential threat after that comes the Pain the pain and for the time being the pain is there you must accept this the pain is there simply because the relationship mattered to you you felt an honest passionate authentic deep down love for your partner. And that is a great thing. It's a beautiful thing. That means that you can feel honest love that you're capable of believing in someone cherishing the people that you care most about and that is The foundation of every fulfilling long-term relationship. Whoever becomes your partner in the maybe not so distant future. We'll know how to appreciate that. They will be lucky to have found you. My wife isn't like my ex at all and back during my break up. I really thought that it would be absolutely impossible ever to find someone again. Who was that compatible to me? Like I thought my ex was man was I wrong I didn't even know what was Possible. It's like I had read two pages of the big book of relationships and thought I knew what I wanted and needed so far from the truth the no contact rule quote. You can't always get what you want. But if you try sometimes well, you just might find you get what you need by The Rolling Stones. I know that you feel the urge to contact your ex to talk to them to ask them what the hell happened to just see them. Them one more time. It's a normal human reaction. But hold on here. Trust me when I say this because I've been doing this since 2005 the truth is you won't find relief and talking to them. You won't find the answers. You won't find closure. All you will find is pain and frustration. I understand that you're hoping to get them back. I understand that you want to stay friends with them so they don't. Disappear Completely out of your life. I know all of that but you must trust me now and believe in my expert knowledge that this is a huge mistake. You have to start the 60 days of no contact. I walk you through it step-by-step when you join my newsletter, if you think that you can't do that or you just don't want to then you do what you have to do and see where it gets you. I don't mean that in a bad way. Some of us simply need to go through this experience before Or committing ourselves to the no contact rule following. This rule is the essential Factor. If you want to get over your ex the fastest and cleanest way possible. And if there is the slightest infant decimal chance of getting back together again, you will make the best out of it. If you managed to regain your true self and think with your head instead of your bleeding heart. That's the first active step you must On your own I can't make you I can show you the way but you have to stand up and go believe me. I know how you feel. I know your pain. I've gone through every single phase of it back and forth. I know how hard it is to do anything. But if you want to get better, you must be active passiveness will kill you stand up and fight for your life and happiness. You just listen to part 1 of the post titled what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Now, you know that no relationship is perfect. And Eddie talks to us about how heart-wrenching relationships can actually be and sometimes you need to talk to someone who can give you expert advice on your relationships or any other struggle in life. If this sounds like you do know that better help online counseling offers you a Safe and private online setting to get help. They're licensed counselor specialize in areas, like stress relationships anxiety and more. They're available worldwide with a network of 3,000 us licensed therapist. You can schedule sessions at your own time and Pace with for communication modes. There's text chat video and phone all allowing you to talk with your counselor in the way that you like best plus you can request a new counselor at no additional charge if you want to so start communicating with your Her therapist in less than 24 hours financial aid is available for those who qualify and best of all it's a truly affordable option optimal relationship daily listeners actually get 10% off your first month with discount code ORD. So get started today go to better help.com / ORD and thank you so much to Eddie. I'll finish the rest of the post for you tomorrow, but I really enjoyed today's takeaways about the fact that breakup recovery is indeed a process as Is healing from any significant trauma those who say it's not those who say you can just snap your fingers and decide to stop feeling the way you do are probably just the types in this industry that are looking for some pocket lining. So please tread carefully my friends now. I hope you enjoyed the first part of this two-parter featuring Eddie's thoughts as much as I did find out what he has to say in the rest of the article in tomorrow's episode where your optimal life awaits.