Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like that. And for all the other platforms. I'm not really sure how it works. But thank you for listening. Just check my analytics a few minutes ago, and we've got over 4,000 listens and over a hundred and sixty people as an established audience. So that's really really cool. And like usually we can get like a hundred people in here every Friday night, which is really cool as well. And I always appreciate everybody that comes to the livestream because you can come over in the Section and interact with us live ask questions, you know contribute to the conversation and I like kind of stuff but tonight's live stream / podcast is always is brought to you by monster bass monster bass is an awesome subscription based company and they're going to send a box of baits to your door every single month. I know what you're saying Alex. It sounds like all the rest that junkie crap out there and I feel like I'm going to waste my money and it's a gimmick, but let me tell you what's different about monster bass. I will here's the deal. You know, I get the question you is it a gimmick? Is it worth the money? How is this you know, not like everything else and you know, I'm never going to say I'm never going to like address the question. Is it a gimmick or whatever directly? I always like to just let the product speak for itself. Right? And what we're doing over at monster bass is we are curating boxes as well as picking boxes for the time of year that you're fishing as well as the region of the country that you are living in so you're going to get baits that are specifically picked for your region and the time of year you're fishing so you guys will have the tools to go out. Go out and catch bass where you live. Also, we're doing some really cool stuff. We did over the winter was we worked with companies like Strike King and we work with Pros like Jason Christie to make boxes with like all Strike King baits or all the basic Jason Christie uses out on the MLF tour and just you know, we're doing some really cool different Innovative things over monster bass and I really do feel like it is the better box. So I'll have a link down below. So you guys can go check it out, please. Do I feel like that it will be something that will help anybody out there. Be a better angler now. Let's get in this thing been there, but we're about to have us a conversation about cheating in fast fishing. So I want you to start by talking to me about what spurred this conversation. Okay, so there is a guy named Ron champion and he fishes the Hobie kayak Tournament Trail and he had a picture of him taken by another angler that showed him. ending his hog trough In order to in this is the accusation and I'm not going to accuse I'm not going to agree and I'm not going to disagree either way. The accusation is that he was bending the hog trough in order to get more inches off the fish and I saw the pictures we can pull the pictures up right now Ben. Will you look that up? Just literally look up Grand Champion cheating first link will bring up the picture so we can pull them up and it shows very clearly that his hog. Trough is bent. Now me and Eric have been talking about this and we both agree that we have got more inches out of a fish pressing down on them before. I mean, you can get anywhere from a quarter to a half of an inch out of a fish in a kayak tournament by applying pressure on them while they're on the board. So I don't see why bending aboard and applying pressure as well wouldn't get an extra inch maybe even two inches out of it. So I don't know. I mean, I don't know Ron I've had conversations with him not knowing who he was I my talk to him at a kayak thing that I did with Jean down in Atlanta. I've talked to him at kvf events. It really really nice guy. I don't know anything about his morals or anything like that. But Eric my buddy, mr. T Ambassador sent me the photos over and just kind of got to talking about just the whole cheating. In general I talked to you about it. And then that kind of we went down the rabbit hole of you know, people putting weights in fish his stomachs and people feeding fish add so they wouldn't get caught putting waste in their stomachs and fish baskets and bending the rules and all that kind of stuff but just very very interesting Ben. Did you find the pictures? My friend? No, no, I did not find it. Let me see. Let me see if I can find it here. So I mean what have you ever have you ever been? A part of or seen anything like cheating in bass fishing. Oh, yeah, man, so there was this big thing a couple of years ago actually with kayak fishing where a guy would take a fillet knife with him cut the tail end off of a fish and then put his hand over where he cut the fish. So it would be longer right like he would basically use hand to hide the fact that he cut the fish in half. Yeah to get a longer length on a fish in a kayak fishing tournament. So that was like my real introduction and you Seen it all over like I've never personally experienced it that I know but I mean you've seen a lot of scandals all over the place, right? Like people planting fish baskets people planning like that was actually with Mikey one time. We're fishing, Florida and guys were like guys were taking Chum bags and putting them to the bottom of the lake to draw fish into that specific area. Hmm. I didn't know you could do that with bass. That's weird. But anyway, I so this is the picture and as you can see this is the board and there's a drastic down angle here and then it cuts back that way. And so this is the edge of his board. This is the fishes knows and he's applying pressure and there's a bend in the board. And so take that for what you will I've got another angle here that I can show you that shows the fish on the board. Let's see if I can pull it up here. And again, it's one of those deals. There's another one. Yeah cutting the hog trough basically cutting the hog trough and then moving it over like the scooching it tighter on the fish. So the numbers were like 1 2 3 4 5 nine ten eleven really cutting actual that's the other picture of the fish. So that's the angle that we wouldn't be able to see from the other side. And that's what the picture look like. So that is a 23 inch fish is what that fish ended up being according to according to that whole thing there. So I don't know I mean like I don't know what to think about that like this. Very interesting. I mean like is that cheating is bending the board cheating? I would guess it is but I don't know. I mean like me and Eric talk about it Eric. Definitely one of the things that Eric believes in in kayak Bass Fishing is that that like if you're going to be at the Elite series The Elite level of kayak Bass Fishing, right? You should take your hand completely off the fish that The picture should be there should be nothing, you know hindering the board or the fish or anything like that. And you know, honestly, I think I would agree with that. I mean, it's just like, you know, if the Elite Series guys can't use a net then why should we be able to put our hand on the fish and apply pressure, you know that could literally stretch it out another half inch I don't I don't know. I mean like I'm just getting into kayak Bass Tournament Fishing. I truly truly enjoy it and I don't want there to be any cheating in it and whatever rule changes need to happen so that That happens I'm done with it. You know what? I mean? Like when we're tight bass fishing do the tournament or location services have to be on you know your pictures. You can't have a shadow in your picture. Your your ID tag has to be clearly visible all that kind of stuff. I mean, so why not take pictures without your hand on this. Yeah in guys regardless of whether Ben did I lose binner to bend lose Meeks? Benjamin pan All right, guys, um, please be in hi. Hi. Hi. Hi, Lucy, you did you didn't it's okay anyways, regardless whether or not whether whether or not this incident was cheating related, like just the concept that there's the opportunity for this to happen is crazy to me like there need to be rule changes to actually physically prevent this from happening whether it's not having a board longer than the width of your boat, right? Like are you going to catch a 20? Eight inch fish really do need a 28 inch board or coming out with boards. That don't bend you know what I'm saying? No. Yeah, or just get a catch board that's aluminum and you literally can't bend it. I mean, that's what I use I gotta catch Borden. It's aluminum. You can't bend it. Then that's what hope he did. Hope he made a rule change Eric sent me the official release that the rule change is that every Hobie tournament from now on out. You would have to have an aluminum can Each board and so I don't know. It's just it's kind of its kind of crazy to me. But you know, either way, I mean, I'm not saying the dude cheated. I'm not saying anything about him at all. I mean it's whatever, you know, if the people over at Hobie if the tournament directors over at Hovey believe that this guy didn't do anything wrong. Ron didn't do anything wrong then I agree with what they got going on. I'm not saying he did anything. I'm not saying he didn't. Anything but the aluminum this is like when I say it's aluminum. It's an aluminum board inside of a aluminum keeper like I could take this thing and try to crack it over my knee or smack it against a tree or do whatever you want to and it is not going to be an it is not aluminum like a Coke can it is like it is very it's probably quarter inch aluminum. I mean the dang thing weighs like four and a half pounds, so you're not going to break it. You're not going to break it but But yeah, I don't know. I can't we just go back to paper rulers this paper rulers. I told Eric it was funny. He was like, I don't believe we should touch the fish at all blah blah blah blah is like better yet, Eric. You know what? I think they should be have to dive down catch the fish in the tank know the volume of said tank and the subtract the weight of the water and the fish to figure out how big the fish is. But anyway, all right, let's we got 295 people rolling up in this mug right now. If you would please go hit that like button for me it helps to drive this stuff up to the Helps more people to come in here and check out this live stream podcast all that kind of stuff just helps me out. So please go do that. Now Bim. I wanted to talk about something else that we talked about that. I saw that I found very very interesting in the whole cheating and bass fishing thing. So we all are hopefully most of us have heard the story about the guy who who was feeding bass weights. He'd feed them like two and three ounces weights to just get a little bit. Bit heavier bag because you know, I told I told being I said you get a five fish limit and you feed them all the three ounce weight. That's 15 ounces. I mean, it's practically a whole town, especially when you add up announce here there. I mean, you could add a whole pound and a half to your back, right? And so when you're fishing on a lake where like 12 to 13 pounds is like a lot of fish when you come in with 14, you're almost guaranteed to win every single time. Now I heard about another guy who got caught feeding his fish Shad. He would buy these Gizzard Shad so that he wouldn't get caught me you cut these fish open obviously cut the fish open with the land inside him. They're going to go. Hey, there's a light inside these fish you cut the fish open with a Shad. You just go. Oh, it's big Shad, but someone actually caught him in the act of feeding the fish like 7-inch gizzard Shad to add ounces to the bag. That's so freakin ridiculous. I don't even know what to say about it. I'll just set up an aquarium in my live well and let the bass eat those little Bait fish. Oh, I forgot. I had Bait fish you might so someone asked how do you actually feed a bass of weight? So if you so bass like obviously can't like they can taste things but like if something hits their Crushers, Back, it's like it's just nerves. They just start to suck it down and start this her same way that you would do it. If you're fizzing a bass. You just take that needle and you push it through their crushes right? Like yeah, you just take that weight. You drop it all the way down to there Crusher pop it through. Yeah, and then to like if you're feeding them a shot or a crawdad you can drop it down there and they'll literally open their Crushers up open the throat it and start to eat that that thing you could get a 2 ounce tungsten down there like no problem. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. I had two ounces to every single fish. Yeah, we did. I know how crazy is that that someone I mean like I think this guy was doing like I think he was just fishing like local crap. Like he was just, you know, a hundred and eighty bucks or 200 bucks to win like nothing and he does do was cheating like that. Yes. Yeah. I don't know man, but you get the shouting. I don't know how good they how the guy got the Shannon all the tournaments that I fish have a level check as well. But do you can put them in a bucket you I mean they could Those frozen Shad but like they could be the frozen ones and ones you go buy it like the Walmart and just feed him those. Well, you know, I mean he can put them in a basket somewhere. I mean if someone can have a bass basket, you know a fish basket, he could have a fish basket full of shine or hang them off a dock somewhere, you know, you know how many people I know. I have been fishing down the lake and you see a basket hanging off of a dock and it's you know, it's someone's video minibasket. Well are you got to do is roll up to that dock when no one's around and pull you out for five. I'm shy and throw them down their throat Bing Bang Boom baby Pachyderm. You got this to extra pounds added to your bag there. You won your Wednesday night jackpot. Some of the comments said that we're pretty knowledgeable about feeding bass weights. Actually guys what they do before I wave my fish when I go zeros with my other hand, I'm feeding the best. Oh my God, that is funny. That is funny. So but yeah that was kind of what spurred this whole conversation is, you know, these pictures arise it's obviously always a big hoop. Like kayak Bass Fishing is just hilarious. It's like a bunch of women they get on Facebook and start chatting and chatting back and forth each other. Why don't go to Facebook. So Eric's like it was funny. I get a text this morning. He's like, hey some drama and kayak Bass Fishing and I was like, oh, yeah. He's like, oh, yeah, so he started send me these pictures and I just thought I just saw this very interesting. Ting you know, I don't know. I mean, it's it's weird. It's definitely definitely weird. I don't see the use and cheating. At all, especially for what you're competing for mean it's 5 grand 905 Grand is like a lot of a lot of money for some people but 5 grand I would never sacrifice my morals for $5,000 ever. Five million. Yeah, 5,000. No, I mean do you agree with that band? Yeah. I just don't see the benefit of cheating in a in any sort of tournament because then you just your whole name will be ruined and everything. So yeah and like jarrod's in money and recognition makes people do very strange things and it does and I've never got that myself. I've never gotten so 8200 was first place. That's a lot of cash. That's a lot of cash, but I mean once you tax it and everything and the IRS. You know, you can't cheat them. They'll come get you they'll bend you over and screw you right in the but trust me. I know no I don't like know from personal experience. It's just it's tax time and like all that craps like, you know running around in my head. You gotta get all your crap. Right, but it's just huh? What about my Quang we think about him? Oh, man, let's not we're going to beat a dead horse here out of here's the deal. I don't even know who the son of a bitch was until he did something stupid. I'll be T. Totally honest with you and no idea who Mike loong was until he did what he did and I still don't care who Mike loong is. So there you go. Yeah. Yeah, so Mr. Ben. Yes. I'm at a loss. I'm at a loss. I really am. That's the first time in a long time. I don't know what words to say and how to put them together to get it out there. Oh, here's another something trim entails Truman tails you ever seen that before? What? Oh, no. Yeah, so my dad just dropped his about / yeah, okay. Okay. Okay. Yes slot limits guys will take a pair of scissors and if they're fish is like so a slot limit the way that it works is like your fish can be between 50. They have to be under 15 or over 21 what guys will do is if their officials like just over 15, they'll take a pair of scissors in they'll cut the fish's tail so that it's under 15 so that it'll measure so you could be like a three pound fish and then Tail will be like the yep just barely short of the 15 inches. Yeah, like be okay. Let me tell you something. You can say whatever you want to you know, it's morally wrong. It's whatever wrong dude don't screw with the fish. Well, you ruined like literally that is that gets into the whole conservation thing with me and just absolutely ruining the resource you're taking that fish is ability to swim well away from him by trimming that tail up like that. At now, you know, I've seen fish that are trashed before that barely have any tail that's still swim just fine and eat a 12 inch worm. But I mean do to take a pair of scissors and cut a living things body part off to benefit you financially. When you say it like that, that's that's like nine different kinds of just f'd up. Yeah, I want to say the word there but I did almost did it is effed up. That's all it is. Huh? But anyway, alright, so we've talked about this for 22 minutes. Basically, I think we have rabbit hold. This one's down the rabbit hole. Beat up dead horse to death Beat It Business. I guess that would be beating a dead horse into a zombie a zombie horse. There you go. There you go. I'll say it. I'll say it I'll stuff of food budget up. So what it is. Anyways, let's talk about the Bassmaster Classic talk about the Expo what people can expect if they're going. And Kenny thoughts on the first Bassmaster Classic without the original or what I would call like the original bass master. Core group, that's the time because this will be the first this will be the first real classic where you don't have guys like I can now Lee Kevin VanDam defo like some of the very very very best in the world. You have very very good Anglers arguably some of the best in the world, but you don't have some of those giant names like Kevin and Edwin Evers and so on and so forth. You will be totally honest with you right now. Come on, man. I don't give a crap about this classic. I think it'll be an awesome classic because of the venue because it's an Guntersville because it's on a big fish body of water. You're going to see some giant bags, but I don't know that you're going to have the same turn out because some of these guys aren't going to the classic even with the venue's anymore because you're not associated with the same organization that runs. The classic I still care look dude. Wait. Oh, no, I know they're so these guys here. I've had this conversation with my dad and Bethany the other day. We were sitting downstairs and we were watching the Zona awesome fishing show or something like that. I was at Mom and Dad's house and said everyone that I said, it's so annoying to watch the Elite Series Elite Series. Now, I say quote unquote Elite Series. Okay, I say that and then I will preface it by Saying this all those dudes that fish out there are hammers. We know that look at Kyle wiltjer do the hammer. I mean, you can't take anything away from that guy. He's out there fishing John Cox is out there fishing. Well, this is dudes. Probably fish circles around me. I'm not comparing myself to them. But what I am saying is that it's annoying to watch the Elite Series now because every single guy it doesn't I mean like you pick any one of those irrelevant names out there, right? Like it's like Leroy Bob Johnson or some crap like that and Davey height always goes Oh, man, he's you're going to be hearing his name for a long time man. He's the next big thing. Every one of them is the next big thing or you're going to be hearing their name for a long time. And all they're trying to do is they're trying to build what they had and what left and that was the relevance in like when that relevance left now, they've got to build that relevance back. Alright, so these guys are irrelevant right now, but maybe 10 years down the road when they're established back. They will be relevant. I will tell you this much. I think you're going to see a mass Exodus. From the Elite series that will go to the FLW because the FLW now has more recognition in more air time and more everything and it's a way to get into the BPT. I really do believe that I don't know man. I really don't because so the guys fishing FLW this year. You could not qualify to fish the BPT until 2022 like 2022 will not be the first move of guys from FLW to PBT. T unless someone leaves right then after backfill. Yeah. Arguably though. The PPT is the best group of Anglers compiled ever know. Yeah. Yeah. I mean there's there's some exemptions Thrift like there's some exceptions but for the most part that is the best competitive group thing colors ever compiled. Yeah. Yeah. There's a few that you can switch out and like maybe pull a stepfather in there just because Fighters are stick, but dude, you're totally right like it is a it is juggernauts out there fishing against each other. I mean juggernauts of the fishing world, so I don't know like yeah, there's going to be a big turnout there always is I mean, it's a bass master classic. I think honestly, I don't think this year. It's going to be the the Fanfare of the classic like the actual like weighing of the fish and the fishing tournaments itself that brings out the people it's going to be the show. It's going to be the fan The Fan event. It's going to be able to walk around that showroom floor and because that's what brought the people to the classic. Even at Knoxville mean yeah, they put a lot of people and Thompson Boling and there was you know, a lot of people there for that way in but they never did open up that second section and Thompson Boling and like what the people really showed out to unless I did they or did they not I don't remember they pull the curtains back for the top row and Thompson Boling I was dying. I can't remember. I don't remember but but regardless like what people showed up to was that show I mean, dude, you know, there was so many He freaking people there in the classic. They treat the classic like it's I cast like it's the same level they bring in so many booths. It brings in so many people because it is a classic with this being the 50th classic ever. Like I think it's a very very big deal, too. Have the shot to win this event or to be at this event and kind of go with the same perspective of saying guys are going to leave fast to go to the FL wvpt guys are going to leave the vpt to go back to Bass because bass still has a name of being bass and have it in the classic and having all of these amazing bits of tradition that they have forever and ever now that's not to develop like d validate the FLW tour I do. The circuit but I just think what they did with those Anglers. They took them and move them further away from actually competing as like true professionals because eventually bass is going to have to go to a no entry fee and they will just absolutely have to because that's what MLF is now demanded or BPT has not abandoned as being like the and they're promoting crap out of oh my gosh. They're telling guys like you're not even competing professionally if you're still paying entry fees, which is that it's John arguable. I mean, we had this conversation a couple weeks ago, but like the same amount of guys are going to lead Bass Pro as soon as bass says, okay, no more interviews. Okay. How long have you think you're right? I think I think if bass and bass master said guys If you leave the vpt this year, we will have no entry fees. Like if you come over to mass we won't charge it entry fee. Just consider your 50 Grand exiting BPT as your entry fee. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Well, so interesting comment here, it says bass will always be the top of the food chain. They're not they're not anymore right now. They're not I'm sorry, you know, I mean you look at it from a money standpoint from a livestream standpoint from a viewership stay. And point from you know, everything standpoint. The only thing bass is still got going for them is the fans showing up at the events, but I'll be honest. I don't think it really matters like You know, I heard someone say, you know, the whole MLF thing at the end of an MLF event. It's kind of anticlimactic also is a football game unless you're talking about the national championship. If you watch Ohio State play Michigan the build up in the excitement is to the game in of the game when the game is over. It's over. Someone said it's boring to watch Jacob wheeler blow. Out in the last 10 minutes. Is it the same amount of boring to watch Ohio State blow Michigan out 21 points in the last 10 minutes because they got a touchdown and then onside kick and that you know, I mean, it's that same sort of of how do I say this? It's that same sort I guess experience right is that same sort of Fan Experience with in that sport? It's baseball. It's soccer. It's every other game. Ever invented all they have done is they have taken they've taken all those things that we enjoy from all these other sports that make billions and billions of dollars in them applied at the bass fishing penalties time limits, you know periods all that kind of stuff. They've applied modern sport rules and regulations and just pretty much framework to bass fishing. Yeah, who's shaking your head about? No, I agree. I'm reading the comment sections from Sean. I was a fan of Sean lay or Shawn lie for a long time. Now you just is talking trash about my U of M Wolverine. So the day that's all I'm saying, even though no, she's not everything. I do agree though. Like they've taken what a standard set of rules are for a lot of professional sports and tried to apply it. Two bass fishing which is made it enjoyable, but even more so that to pound minimum. The minimum has really really helped make it more enjoyable because it's not guys going on again. I think it's going to change as we visit some of these other Lakes. It's not just guys going throwing a Shaky Head trying to catch a 2 pound fish. Right a 2-0. They're trying to catch like a four pounder. You're seeing a lot of bigger fish caught but a lot of it has to do with whether fishing as well. It's going to be interesting throughout the year right now. It's pretty enjoyable. Yeah, I'm enjoying the the change in the format for sure, you know and something else just to address this because I saw this in the comment section, you know, they say the mli MLF live is garbage talking over angler switch and Anglers when they're not catching fish blah blah blah blah, whatever whatever. Okay, it's your to they don't have Mark Zona. I'm sorry I all we all know that we like what we like and there's just no change in the fact that it's not Mark Zona. Okay, Bass. Has got rid of Mark Zona to for some reason. He only does the big events now, which I kind of think bass life sucks because of that because Zona literally is the commentator right like but you got to give these dudes some time to get this thing rolling the two pound minimum. They impose that this year on certain tournaments great effing Choice. Okay, like keep that up in my left if anybody happens to be listening which I doubt they are to this podcast keep that crap up you're doing good, but like Are going to make changes. It's just like this new football league thing. I mean for what's the new football league the XFL whatever. I mean dude, like people are loving this crap. I mean, it's just one of those things that it it's going to get better. It's going to get better over time. You know what I mean over more and more time that it develops the better. It's going to get because I'm sure bass I mean bass went through all kinds of iterations of itself before it settled on what we know is the elites yours. I think people get wait, A too short-sighted in their memory of I mean dude, like if you go back even 10 years and look at at the Elite Series the link series wasn't even the Elite Series 10 years ago, correct according they still the yeah 2008. They became the at least serious. Yeah before that. They were the top 100 or what? Yeah top 150 I think but it was something else fast to her. Yeah, and then they did all kinds of crazy stuff you go back like in the early 2000s late 1990s. They would have these. you know crazy tournament tournament format swear, like a group of guys would go out one day and another group of guys would go out another day and it's a bunch of stuff that you hear from MLF to it's just I don't know very interesting. Very interesting. I don't know but to go all the way back around. Let's wrap around back to wear what we were going to talk about. What are you looking forward to at the classic or what? Do you want to see from the classic because obviously this like you said is become like an eye cast. They were people release products at this show. So what do you see is there? Yeah, you're so I'm not I'm not going to the Classic this year which is going to be weird. Like this would be the first classic and I think five years. I haven't gone super super stoked to actually see the Life's Earth the Garmin perspective mode, like what actually does in the water. I know it's not released yet. But like I want to get my hands on government perspective mode get it out there with live scope and see like how deep it actually works because I think the max I think what they're saying is going to work like really down to about 15 foot from them for shallow water excited to get that out. I'm expecting the next couple of years are going to expand on that technology because that's really the biggest game changer. I mean, you're going to see some new baits basic guys are hoping thing will win the classic because that's really where the money is but perspective mode is a deal and I'm excited to see some giant bags and exciting to see like guys go and catch like 25 30 pound bags if they can do it with hope of that happens. You just kind of to see we're all the cold water and all that kind of stuff goes. Yes. Yeah. Rick's going to be at the classic. I asked for Rick if he was going to be the classic he is going to be there. I'm just going Saturday. I'm just going to go down there for one day and Kind of hang out see everybody and leave cuz honestly, like I said, I don't there's nothing there for me. You know what I mean? Like, I'm gonna go see all my peeps. Say hi to everybody probably go slap Rick on the butt and ask him how he's doing see him for a little while and come home. You know what I mean? It's four hours away from the house and I don't want to spend my whole weekend down there. I'd rather be down there Saturday and maybe go fishing Sunday or something like that, you know. Yeah, but know that the new panoptix, okay, so let's Plain it real quick. So Percy, I'll put no you explain. I'm going to pull up the video. So perspective mode is actually not a new transducer. It is a bracket that will go on your on your existing live scope transducer that allows you to turn it sideways essentially. So when you're running live scope on your trolling motor on the shaft has to run on the shaft on the left. It has to run on the shaft. It runs up and down vertically. Well this bracket is going to allow that to turn sideways or Donnell that it's going to shoot at a 20 degree angle out away from the boat. So you can technically have seen guys try to build their own but government is releasing one available in the middle of March, I believe so should be here in just a couple weeks. Wait, there's people trying to build their own. Oh, yeah kisses basically just an angle bracket, but it does it does like there's some specifics to it. Alright. So here's the video being talking through what? We're seeing here man. Okay. So basically what that triangle is, that's a hundred and fifty degrees out in front of you. Okay. So a hundred fifty degrees out in front of you it's a 20 degree cone down to the bottom and what you're going to see here is physically out in front of the boat. So it's very similar to its similar in a sense to the 360 Imaging from hummingbird. Okay. So you pulled up. I think this one that you pulled up as in a different language, but essentially you're Looking out in front of you imagine Side Imaging forward doing and at a slow enough speed that you can actually read it. So you're actually seeing so essentially you're seeing Side Imaging laid out in front of you a hundred and fifty degrees in front of you live so you can see the fish were so there's no delay there so you can see here on the Side Imaging this is some kind of structure. Yep, and here you're seeing it. straight on Yeah, okay, and then here again, it's going to show you this. It's like a circle and it's showing you the first hundred and fifty degrees of that Circle. Yeah, that is absolutely insane and like that right like Game Changer. Like I don't like to use the word get everything that Garmin does is a game changer. Like it's a rebuilt. What I'm excited for is when they can come up with the transducer that's going to give it to you just like their live scope is straight down or actually behind the trolling motor, you know what I'm saying? And for because that does eliminate the fact that you can't use it in deep water. I saw someone do like a thing that says like if you want to shoot in 30 foot of water, you won't actually get a return until 90 feet out in front of the boat because instead of 20 degree angle, right? I Cube it's just basic math, but Yeah, so now if I'm not mistaken Garmin gets all their funding for new research and development R&D from they go on Military contracts correct military contracts. They do a lot in aviation, but they're all over they I mean they literally as have stuff in every single type of markets a lot like Shimano in that sense. Shimano is not just a fishing brand their bike brand. There are so many different brands that adds to all the fun. So how much are they so that bracket that will right. It's just a brackets $99 and it really adds to the existing live scope transducer and I'm sure they'll package that crap up when you can sure. I'm scope and whatever. So how much is say I wanted to get a middle-of-the-road Garmin live scope compatibility get a Garmin 9 inch unit, uh D, which is like their newest 9 inch unit alive scope transducer and that Perspective mode it's going to cost you. I think $2,600 and to be honest. It's not that bad. It's really not. I mean, it's a lot of money but like it's not that bad. It's not that bad compared to the industry tickets at Madam's that he used a Garmin for fortrex 301 and Afghanistan close amazing. So he was using garment technology. I mean, well, that's they have like they have like watches that the Navy uses for like determining which direction they're going and everything because you don't technically one of my buddies was in the man. I can't it's a maybe your military. I don't know which one but he was on the dive team and like it was all Garmin products that would they would use to communicate and direct each other. That's crazy. That's what was it was a risk GPS. That's crazy. Huh? Wow garment garment is always like dude. They're always on point like always like they do some absolutely crazy stuff. But well I tell you man. I'm looking forward to the whole classic thing. I mean, I'm just gonna be fun to go down there. Everybody, you know what? I mean? I'm not going to just spend a tremendous amount of time. I only guy I'm wrote for John Cox because I do something is he fishing the classic? I thought he would wouldn't he isn't he in the club? Yeah open or whatever, right? Oh, yeah, maybe yeah, he want to check them out. Yeah, so if he is in it, that's who I'm rooting for. Let's all be honest. Chris seldane won't it will finish in second place poor guy. I mean that that mug he is seriously like he is self. He is he himself has proclaimed he is not a finisher. Did you ever hear the interview where he said? He actually Googled how to finish. Yeah. No, he was in this interview and it was so sad because he was like, I actually Googled how to how to how to be a finisher like how to how to win or something like that. I mean that poor dude this has I don't know if it's a terrible run of luck or what it is, but he is just to do not get me started on Chris welding in the reason that he loses tournaments. Had this conversation the way that he fights fish and when he's under high pressure situations. I am convinced this costume some events. Guys, thank you all for the super Chef Shawn just donated. I think I saw my other buddy Sean Murphy donated some money. So thank you very much. Yeah, I appreciate it because I really do you don't have to do that. I mean, we're just here hanging out this nothing special guys. Just a couple guys talking about fishing and just happens to be on the internet and all that kind of stuff. But yeah, I know the way he does find fish is very interesting. I mean like freaks out, you know, but whatever whatever. So yeah, Classics gonna be interesting old towns coming out with a new kayak. So that'll be cool. That's why I'm really looking forward to that. I'm actually going to be getting one. So that's always fun. That'll Kill Ya test out. I can't wait to get into cock Tournament Fishing this year. My first tournament is in March. I could have fished a couple other ones earlier, but I decided to start in March. So March 21st is the first one we're going to try to figure that crap out. So when go catch some fish, but other than that, I mean we just Kind of kind of rolling into the spring here, even though it's snowed today. I think spring is going to be here before before we know it. What's the what's the weather like up there near you my friend? Is it still just like I'm ridiculously cold. No, I mean we're supposed to see 50 degrees on Sunday and then it's supposed to be nice all next week. And if that's the case we might be an open water in like a couple weeks. What is what's the first what's the first thing when you When it opens up like that just get on Open Water just go out there and I don't care I will get on any water. I'll just put the boat in the water like sleep on the boat. If after I don't care, he just puts about like on shit on your own thing. Did I ever tell you the story about that dead? I was out there this past year. I was just exhausted. I was not catching anything and I was like ticked off spot like the boat and just took a nap for like an hour and a half awesome. It was delightful, but man I felt like such a bum. I don't know. We're I do that slip on the boat with you member on something higher. I don't sleep like a baby. So someone asked am I going to fish to be a SS kike event on Norris and April? I am I know I'm not going to fish that one because that interferes with my second tournament for the little like local deal that I do. So we're not going to finish that one unless they can change the schedule and all that very interesting question here from Scott and I've already seen some effects from this. Everything shut down in China. How's it going to affect the fishing industry Bates rods and reels so it's already affecting Beast Coast Derek over because me and him been working on a project and last that we talked it is 45 days behind because of the factory that he uses is been shut down because of the coronavirus so it is going to affect I mean, that's why that's why the stock market is tanking like it is because these companies are scared to death that these Companies that produce in China aren't going to be able to produce and get Goods to America quick enough. And so they're selling off to avoid any kind of conflict. They might have there. So it's already having an effect on global stock markets and in turn its easily going to have an effect on, you know fishing industry stuff. I think we may see if it gets as bad as everybody says it's going to be I mean I got how God here we go. We're going to start talking about freaking coronavirus like every other person in the world right now. I've heard two conflicting. Flicking conflict in conflicting flagrant two conflicting reports number one was it's not that big of a deal unless it gets into a major city like Los Angeles to New York and then I've heard the other one, which is it's not that really big of a deal at all and most people who get the coronavirus just run a low-grade fever for a couple days and have flu-like symptoms and then they get over it. Now, the coronavirus has been around for like years of this point is just want to point that out like if you look at a Clark's bottle It says like kills all these different things coronavirus is listed on there. So like yes, it's a it's a huge detriment but like I don't even like to discuss it because I just think like my my wife is a nurse guy listener. So I hear about it all the time. She's like just use decent hygiene and make sure like if someone's sick like current says he also you know what he did. He crack me up man. I want to give a huge shout-out. I don't know if Kyle wiltjer still on here, but the dude hopped in here for a little bit if he's still here man, he is absolutely In the early season, I'm interested to see him continue through the rest of the season and continued aggression at so Heath is been hating anyone got Cliff Notes. I mean brother he get out there son. Stay with it. Stay strong. Stay strong. Yeah. No Kyle's it caused a hammer man. I'm I'm glad that dudes doing as Willie as well as he is. He's got a really cool story made money from playing poker and started Tournament Fishing and I mean, he's just like he's out there doing it man. He's doing it he's doing it. The right way, you know, he's working his way up. Like he ain't got a boat right are you ain't gonna truck wrap? You ain't got a bunch of sponsors. He's out there just paying his way grinding and grinding it out and just being a hammer. So backwards Bassin said he couldn't buy a bite today. And so she wasn't even an option. Yeah, that's pretty funny couldn't even bother today. I mean, you know, not a lot. Hey, so being did you hear about the guys on Pickwick the dad I did unfortunately and that's awful. It was a nice filter right High School to high school kids and adult. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the the boat went through the spill Gates on Pickwick. So that's just you know, man sad it's sad because it could have been prevented if they did just used a little hate to say like this just a little common sense. Like if your Motors messed up man with that kind of current and that much water in that like just don't you know what? I mean? Just don't like please like I just tell everybody this like, you know, a lot of people be like then I want to go fish the river. I want to go do this and I'm like guys you got to really understand what you're getting into before you actually go and do that. I mean like, They even mean Bethany that the plug came out of the boat man. That was so super dangerous because the amount of current that was coming through there and you know, I was in total control that situation but like it just takes one move and you're not anymore and you're dead, you know, you just have to be so freaking save I mean did you know better than anybody up there on the Great Lakes? I mean it is at any one moment. Everything could shit could hit the fan like and it's just you don't know you don't know. You know what I mean, man. I can't even think about it like I want to I can't comment because it reading the articles. I really try to like stay away from that stuff. I know what's happening. But like I just hate to I don't know lately. My mindset has been like if something's really negative. Just kind of like it's just really sad. It's just terrible She's a nerd. Can you help me to learn that you can grab it and throw it away? so I can't get into my eyes Ben's over he's got his negativity blockers on he's inside no man that's funny so that's all really cool question kind of talking you kind of talked about this in your video earlier and I would definitely suggest watch bins video because it's actually really really cool it says how Alex how and when do you decide when to fishing bait that you have low confidence in and gain confidence in it so when you talked about that you talk about getting confidence in a bait so like So basically, I broke it down into like there's two physical ways to learn how to fish a new baby or to like build confidence in the bait. Right one is you actually catch fish on it. And that's a really I mean that's like the most effective way to build confidence in something but the other more passive way is like knowing that a bait catches fish or seeing someone else catch fish on that bait. So like for example, I never think Mag draft until you told me about it like until I saw that you were catching fish on it and I'm like man that's made that absolutely catch. Those fish will be Cause you caught fish I now had a little bit of confidence. We have the understanding of that. I need to be throwing that bait. So then I really kind of dive into like how to build that confidence and like the factors that go into building confidence, but I just think it's a really interesting topic to like think about the actual physical processes that your body and your mind goes through from not having confidence to something to the things that have to happen for you to be more confident. In it, you know, so yeah now, you know, yeah, I agree. I mean my whole process of gaining confidence is something honestly, this is gotta and Ben knows this lock it in my hand and sucking to I don't suck any more like really it is the truth. Like I lock it in my hand and I go figure out where it works. Like, where is it going to excel last year was a swim jig. These Co swim jig. I like that thing in my hand because of you. You kind of gave me that boost so but like but like here's the deal is You had to take what I was doing and not just take what I was doing but taken adjust it to a worked for you really your swim jig that you're fishing is a heavier wire swim jig hook. It's got a heavier wire or heavier. We guard like it's a little bit different you're fishing and I have your gear we're fishing am different but like you knew the power of taking a swim jig and casting and fishing it around certain areas and drop them in the holes in the grass. And because I built some confidence it's in it. You took that and really adapted it to what your style was. Yeah, and I mean do you like watching you swim it and watching you fish It Up near you literally we had the conversation and this is the kind of stuff that I need to start recording more and I've been really trying to do my best to record more than my last video. I did the small Creek fishing video. I just recorded my out loud thinking Ami and you have the conversation that day. I forgot what like we were on is the one where I cracked. The 1.3 is called a literally you catch a fish and I was like out of this grass patch just shallow grass patch in this pocket and I was like dang. I know some places their home that look just like that that I can probably throw swim jig and catch it when you were like, yeah, dude, just pick it up and try and then going sure enough I go home. I pick up that grill a swim jig in the black and blue purple kind of crazy pink color. Like you're throwing throw Space Monkey on the back of that bad boy, real it through a lot of those same areas and I start catching fish and I'm like Like wow like and then I figured out how to take that same thing in like apply it and adjust it because then you came down and we went to the river. Yeah, I gave you that threats outside swim jig and you throw it out. Then you're like dude. This thing is sinking so slow. I was like, yeah, but that's the deal with my fish to get them to bite is it has to hang in there face and like it's just so cool, but we'll see. That's so weird. It's like I couldn't go down and use your equipment and catch fish on that some jig. No, yeah. I promise you like if I have my swim jig rod and my swim jig and my swim jig bait, like we could have stood side-by-side probably caught fish because we're both in confidence, but like super super interesting topic to me like understanding and I think I did a halfway decent job of breaking down like the physical processes that your body goes through on how to actually develop confidence in something so with it's all part of learning. I mean, that's a that's what I know best. I mean like today we did volume. Me and my kids do volume in math. And you know, I let them build these objects right and when they could build them and physically touch them and like see and count and they got that first one to get that first one in their head to click the game. Just a tiny bit of confidence when they got the second one to click and it's just a little bit more confidence and then by the end of the lesson, you're totally enthralled and have a ton of confidence in what you're doing and you're willing to push your limits that even if you're wrong. Okay. I may be wrong with the knocking back. Just a little bit and I can re-evaluate and correct myself. You know what? I mean in this the same thing with learning a new bait. It's just getting that in your head, you know, or you can do what I did with the mag drive to go out and crack a 6 pounder on your fourth cast and then you're like, well, I'm never going to put this like really though that's how I started to develop confidence in that swim jig not only had they seen Brian Schmidt fish it and watch how he fishes it where fishes it but like literally my first cast a buster two five one on it. Yeah or I mean Is fishing an area and this is another thing like when you're trying to develop confidence in debate, not only fishing it where you think fish should be but during good conditions right? Like good conditions could be like Or super post frontal Bluebird sunny and fish are biting but the key is fish have to be biting. Really that's when you're going to develop confidence not when it's a really tough day and fish don't want to touch anything. That's a good way to just get absolutely discouraged. You know, the fish anything. Yeah. It's the another kind of I'll learn the Whopper plopper sort of like that. I learned more not from fish biting. I mean I caught fish but I really learned. The fish the Whopper popper when I learn to fish the conditions the Whopper popper was good kids. Yes, you know what I mean? Like it was last because it's literally the exact same progression I go through in that video where it's like, oh man. Look, let's crank bait. You had to learn how to fish different conditions with the to develop the confidence because it's not just going out and catching them in one condition that you develop confidence. That just means like okay under this circumstance. I can fish as bait but when you know how to fish it under certain conditions these conditions these conditions now you have confidence. Yes, and it's one of those things that's like I literally went from this should work too. They're going to eat a Whopper popper today and going out in the middle of a hot summer day in July on Bluffs when the winds blowing and getting on a bot that no one else could ever imagine and catching bigger than average fish. The bigger than bigger fish than anyone else is catching because I learned that set of conditions on this type of bank for this bait is like what does very very well You for me like that and this goes back into don't chase my bot because through this like something so hyper specific to me on this one Lake that works for me, but it can be applied to other places that may have similar conditions. It's just do this. This is a good topic like that is that is very fascinating. Once you kind of start talking about it really like I really tried to lay out that video so it made sense and I don't know that it's going to convey as well through that video, but Like there's so many factors that go into developing confidence in something. Alright, so white whale says what makes you feel the low confidence bait over the tried and true. Yeah. It's when you want to learn a bait when you want to learn or develop confidence in something the best way to do it is in an opportunity when you know when you know, it's going to work because then you can throw it out and like find the Cadence actually makes the fish in That day trigger. Once you catch one you can kind of really refine that and work it into your style of fishing. So if you want to learn a new bait and you know fish are eating other baits of similar style, you can fish it in from Baton you can get some fish on it. So very but what the man show I've no idea. I don't know but I understand. But Brian spellers comment. What do you say dude is just so funny. Since not everyone can use the exact same shine gliders me and they exact same areas and catching nine-pounder the first couple like ass except Ben. That's not funny. He had told me about that area. He's like Ben you just gotta go Fish is called her just for a little bit just for a little bit the next morning I wake up and I go on vacation. I apologize. Text Brian and I'm like, this is my literal is my literal text. Was that Culvert though dot dot dot he didn't respond for like eight hours. He's like, oh my gosh. Did you catch one funny dude? Yeah, I need to I'm ready. I'm ready for a big swing Baby Bots on the check. It's been it has been too long. I'll tell you what's happening to me. You know, how every single year for the past four years what happens to me in February and March men? What do I start to buy that? I don't need to buy number one. I just want to say I do know what the man show is now the man show was on Comedy Central with Jimmy Kimmel and Johnny, Knoxville question mark And it only this is really bad. The only reason I remember that show is because the end of the show, they had girls jumping on trampolines and that was like 10 years old. I remember that show to yes. Hey, come on talk TV, right? Yeah and in Comedy Central, yeah. All right. But anyway, Ben, what is what's the one thing that I buy every year this time of year that I don't need wrong. Yeah, it's happening again. Have you bought me money? Yes. Yes, which is why I'm getting the Frog itch. I'm getting the free. It's what you bought. I got a I don't even know why I did this because I'm sponsored by striking but I ordered one pad perch in did you watch that video? Did I did in this showed that damn War mouth color? And I was like, oh I got to have that and I didn't want to order four of them because you got to order them in case packs when I order through my Strike King budget. I thought I can get this one for six bucks. So I picked it up. I got my eye on a depth Slither K. Right now. I mean do you like I'm in a bad way like I need a prog bite. You just can't you just can't look I've can't it's bothering me so bad. Like I'm just like need a real fish. I need it. I know I know II basically I bought some with the screen based I probably didn't need about the duo so I did I actually didn't have any do is love and a man and about a mega bass just to see just to see it's like a mega bass has a little heart on the back end that's cute cute the key so megabass is new frog the big gabot Gambit is that how you say it ya think so interesting frog I'm probably going to pick one up just to try it I don't is it giant or is it just like bigger kind of bigger than average I can't tell but ivanero20 clue the only experience I have with that frog is I had a Spencer my buddy Spencer he bought a couple to frogfish with and ripped every single one of them in like official peace and so I just never bought them because of that I'm on which the the normal gabot grab it yeah bot goodbye goodbye damn it gobo rabbit hot nipped up a lot but that guy Bob yeah but anyways I never I never bought any I don't really know so I got all kinds of frogs I gots Pros I got lots of friends I gots Pros I got striking I got Nori's I got Depp's I got weird Japanese stuff you never heard of I've got Jackal oh God Booyah Epps Buster K everything that pet frog is It's next one on my list. It is just hard for me to bite the bullet on a $30 frog I know but I've heard once you fish it a couple guys on FL the restore last year. That is the only for ugly fish because you can fish it through like the scum and the gross nests and doesn't really bother up on the lift too bad, but you can also fish it in Open Water. Oh man, I've heard it's I have to get one. I'll get one eventually. I'll find them I'll find One I found one. That's that's not as prostate $30. One thing that we do got going on at monster bastos. We got a frog coming been kind of helping with that. We got some yeah, we got something really cool. Rick's in here watching right now. Hi Rick, how you doing? Bud? Um, if he wants to talk about it, he could just get over in the comment section gives a little clickety-clack. Yeah, we have different things coming which will be pretty exciting some things that are custom and things that are brand new to us. So we're super excited. Yes. Yes. I'm jacked up. The Frog for going to be frogs are going to be legit. I love frog fishing. I mean, here's the deal my go-to with a frog and if you have not watched on cassadines video about how they design the pop and perch go watch that video. That is fascinating Aziz. It's amazing. It is a really detailed. It'll take 28 minutes of your life away. But I promise you it's 28 minutes that you will enjoy every bit of if you're is weird about tackle as me because really it's really quite I left a comment on that video that he verbalized a lot of the things that I noticed about the Frog and I love about the frog that I didn't even know what designed into the Frog because what I look for in a frog is something that I can walk the absolute piss out of because if you can walk it hard you can walk its low and if I can walk it slow where I frog fish in Open Water it is really really important to be able to just like tick tick tick almost like you would a good spook and just really let that bait sitting in there to get those bigger than average Bots and so it was just really cool to hear him talk about that but I love frogs period I mean I can make about any frog walk that's one thing that gaining confidence I locked the frog in my hand and literally fished it for hours and hours on end without getting a bite just to learn how to walk a frog Yeah was how great artist he was. Oh, yeah, did he could draw those pictures? I thought they were printed first Agriculture and simply Drew. Yeah, it's crazy man. But yeah, so I'm excited for frogfish and let's just be let's be totally honest. I think everybody's excited for frog fishing. So I didn't care about whatever dude listen that last frog, but the One of the last frog box I got it was neat, but I'm saying like I would rather fish, you know some drink or something. I love jig bite. I know you did you're into a jig but like I'm into a frog but and I do have to say The Jig Bots up there. No wonder though they eat it different. Yeah, they even do this hitting different like it's like they accuse you dig me. Get all up on that thing, man. You know, we're up there that you can flip docs for Smallmouth with a jig. No, not not that I found. That'd be fun. It would be fun. I just don't found it if this all big old nose. Yeah, I'm large. He's up there too or just pumpkins man. I mean lived Ivan built, right? They're not built right you there you freeze up again being froze up again man hours seven minutes into this thing and Ben's gonna start freezing up. Let's see if he comes back. I bet he will but yeah there he is he back. He's back. Yeah frog Bots do crockpots do make life worth living. I'm telling you dude. You ain't you ain't got a beating heart. If you don't get excited about a excited about a Freakin Frog bot. So it's gonna say something so wrong. Yeah Sean. I'm off start. Delete your comments man. We'd be dropping that kind of Juicy information around here. How do you say oh, yeah. Hey, that's a good one. But there's a better one. Trust me. I know I've tried it like that is a good one. I didn't get some bots on that thing this year, but there's a better one. Me and Ben have talked about it. And it's fun isn't one. You showed me when we're at Parksville. Yes. Yeah, that one is that one is better that one definitely is better so different man like you could that's like saying a red eye is better than a LV right up it different, you know, and what was funny is I for some reason The video I did about the thunder Cricket versus the Jackhammer is like blown up. So it's got a bunch of new comments and you know, like you'll get one or two good comments, like actually people who are intelligent and like want to have a conversation everybody else. This is just a bunch of like brainless idiot. So, I know Google pay that money for that ChatterBait. It's too much I make my own in my garage and they are superior to anything else ever made in existence and I'm just over here like, oh, are you tired or normal Chatterbait? And a thunder Cricket or anything else and you can't tell the difference. Here's the deal. I can promise you one thousand one hundred million percent. There is a significant difference in certain situations where those baits are going to do better. I'm sorry, there just is like I've seen LV 500 put an ass whooping on a red-eye Shad. I've seen a Bill Lewis route of trap put an ass-whooping on an LV 500 certain days in certain situations. Certain Lakes. I mean be more open-minded to what you're doing, especially people who live in like really high pressure pressure legs like me. I got to find something that's different than what everybody else is throwing and I think last year that was the Thunder Cricket this year. I don't know how relevant that's going to be. But I mean it may be some other kind of ChatterBait or bladed jig that I've not told you guys about yet that I might if I feel like it because yeah then do you agree or do you just live up there? In freaking lala land where they'll literally your fish will bite anything your fish your fish eat a black and blue jig like they've never seen a black and blue jig before in their life every year, but now, you know, it's true not in the middle of summer. Whatever dude Hammer them know that wasn't black and blue. What kind of what was that custom color? Oh, yeah, it was and also the peak. Yeah, we're the pink black and blue. So I mean, I just think yeah a little bit of it is in the little bit of it is I don't know let's talk. I just want to touch on something really quick and I we've been out here a little bit. But if you could only fish a certain depth Like big dirt dick. What do you what do you always say dick deep shallow or Dick Dirt dig deep. Shall what do you say say it? What is that? Oh, we're Victor deep you dig dirt deep. That's how fun. That's the death. I want to fish deep all the time. That's that's nice day. But no man. I mean I was thinking to myself I go try to fish a lot of these really deep bodies of water like fish. Water and catch you want to drop shot looking at them this year. I really want to focus on like that 15 foot depth range like 8 to 15 foot depth range for small off because I think it's just so much more consistent overall all year long then going out and fishing really deep water really shallow water. And yes, you're going to be able to go and catch some fish indictor deep water all the time. And then you're also going to be able to catch fish really deep all the time. But like most consistent, is that like six Stu 15 foot of water range. Why do you think that because it's just there's so much habitat there and there's so much like for the most part there's always some sort of bait fish in that area, right but like once you get deep, It's relatively consistent but they have to be holding on a very specific piece of structure and once they're not on that structure they have to move along ways to find another piece of structure they can hang out I'm saying so it's a lot harder to find them yeah no yeah I found that last couple years ago last year wasn't so much because we had so much rain it blew out a lot of the grass but the year before that man I could consider consistently go catch Far I can go get five to six really big Bots until about 12 12 to 15 feet of water. I would find grass and 12 to 15 foot of water and I could get really big Bots very very conceive. They were very very consistent fishing was consistently Bait fish there that was consistently good grass there in those consistently fish there, you know what I mean? So I definitely agree with that. I find that interesting. I just don't know if that applies like down here man, like You have a very short window where the bass move up Shallow and live shallow on certain bodies of water. And then I got to go find them on the rivers and find them in the backwaters and crap like that welllike on a lake like Mountain Hill or Norris those bass are either in 65 foot of water to foot of water or 65 foot of water. It's like there's no in-between like that. Don't just hang out in 15 for the water. Yeah. I'm sure they do somewhere but like Yeah, I don't know. So you want to do the big lights a small likes all of them particularly the big water like I spent so much. So the year that my best year on the big water was in that moderately shallow range, right? A lot of the a lot of that lake is more shallow than it is deep but then the past two and a half years. I spent a lot of time out deep and I've had moderate success, but I've never caught like consistently all the year so that's what I'm going to really focus on as well as some new areas of water but yeah I'm focusing on a lot of new water this year some are I'm going exploring I'm going to explore a whole whole lot I'm going to put that Alumacraft in a lot of places that only it can go gonna be using that Jack played a lot going to be pushing a lot I'm going to I'm going to go explore crap I've never explored before and look for them fish shallow so I don't know what that you're doing it's super and your dad makes a great Point consistent water levels make a huge difference like around me during the middle of summer water is so consistent and stable right like I'm not getting water fluctuations for the most part yeah Rome you you never know nope I mean do they drop so like I was fishing I got on that really good bite in that crate that Creek is now inaccessible because I dropped the water 12 feet I mean do like it's just soap In the middle of the summer when the lakes are supposed to stay high like those River fish are super affected by 6 inches of water drop like they will pull completely off the bank because when it drops six inches, they go from having a foot and a half over their head to having a foot and they literally can't sit in the spots that they were sitting before. It just sucks. It's like it's like rivers or the most inconsistent consistent thing in the whole entire world. They're consistent in the fact, they're consistent the fact that the water is pretty much the same temperature year-round. They He's Got Bait fish coming to them they've always got moving water coming to them but then it's inconsistent the fact that it's like this or it's fast or slow or it's whatever or it's muddy or it's clear like it's just a really really weird kind of I don't know. I love them though. I love freaking Rivers dude. It's challenges challenges make it so. hey all Thomas has got on his mind is seducing the big girls so do the big girls it's what I like to do too man that's what I'm that's what it's about that's what it's all about if you want to catch the big big girls let's just get them to go can we go to do something big and the big UNS Biggins oh man I tell you what this has been a hell of a live stream we have had consistently like 200 people in here man I mean like I really appreciate everybody tuning in and checking it out tonight like I think the things I think it's pretty good so that's the best numbers on Livestream we've ever had inconsistent comments of people coming in with like very interesting conversation pieces yes the prf the people that are listening on the podcast So I really encourage you guys to go over and check out the live stream if you're not going to join because you guys can actually see the questions that we're getting live as we do the podcast. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, and this is kind of a you know, I'd listen to other podcasts. I think we're the only podcast that does this like we're the only podcast out there that I can find and I listen to a lot of podcasts. We're not just recording a podcast of are actually interacting live with the peeps. You know what I mean, you know anybody else that does that I mean, I think it's fun. Like I think it's really fun because we do get to interact interact with people. Hey, you know what? I may have click baited you a little bit now we did we talked about cheers. We talked about it for like 20 minutes. Yeah 22 minutes. Yeah. We talked about cheaters talk about Ron Champion. Ben said, Ron Champion is a stupid cheater. You should have if you rewind you'll hear him. Say Benjamin. No I said Ron Champions achievement. Yeah, I was ever gonna happen. Okay. I'm okay with that. I'm losing followers every day. I'm trying I mean you'd think Jacob. It was a cheater tell you so me. If Jacob wheeler one two events back-to-back my God, I have to say that dude can catch some fish. He is. Yeah, it's ridiculous. He is good, you know, okay, I will talk about this for just a minute. I think it should be the last topic. I think this was it was awesome. They like it was one of those things where it's like I'm not crying you're crying kind of deal. So Jacob prize Nick, did you watch him win the MLF? And what he says yes part of it the that was some of the Swedish crap like that was just sweet. So for all you guys that don't know Jacob cause Nick won the MLF event fishing the exact spot. He fished with his dad the last fishing trip. He took with his dad before his dad passed away and like dude like he got all emotional man and started crying and it was totally I mean like 100% like why he I Why he would but I mean it was like that was awesome. I thought that was just such a cool deal between that and Dudley tell him he was an idiot if he didn't swim a worm like that was just a just a cool deal. Yeah, it's funny. I totally missed that first birthday really did the whole about his dad think that's it. Yeah, it was it was really sweet. He got really like really choked up which it was cool. I mean that's that's cool stuff. You know what I mean? That's kind of that's one of those things that That you don't see that in any other sport. You know what I mean? You like Tom Brady can't go. I remember when I passed my last football to my dad on this field. Like he just can't say that I mean but you know project can say it. I literally fished this spot with my dad he was alone all week had that spot to himself. It was consistent all week. And I mean, he just freaking just hammering a man just hammered him. So well, bud I'm ready I am I'm tired I'm losing my voice so I think we go hop off here but as always guys thank you for tuning in on the podcast make sure like I said go leave us a review I guess on on Apple podcast isn't that what makes this bag more popular or something like that I don't know I'm just saying what everybody else says I'm just trying to emulate Joe Rogan you know what I mean cash app oh that's my favorite thing about Joe Rogan but anyway yeah been final thoughts closing remarks anything like that now thanks to everyone that hopped in here I know we talked about some controversial things I think we had a pretty good turnout and a lot of really interesting conversation so it's always fun to hop on here and chat I agree I agree but as always you guys are sweet we'll see I don't know sooner than later hopefully next week before the classic well I mean I don't see why not yeah he