Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all. Before I go to Okinawa where I'll be living from now on because the flight is through Osaka and it was going to arrive late at night. So we would probably need to stay when I say we that's my wife and I we would probably need to stay for one night. Anyway, so we thought we might as well stay for a few nights and enjoy a little a little vacation in Osaka because actually that's where my wife and I met we met there a long time ago. And at that time we were just friends actually and then later we met up again in Europe. And yeah, we decided to get together and became boyfriend and girlfriend and later got married. But yeah, because that's where we met and we both live there. We thought we would go back for the sake of nostalgia, you know. Jurors, when you look back at something from the past and say wow, that was fun or well that was a long time ago. So yeah, we're going to go have a nostalgic time in Osaka go to some places that we used to go and we live there like some favorite cafes and favorite Parks. One of my favorite places in all soccer is actually a pinball arcade, you know pinball is the And game where you have a bull, how can I explain this? So yeah, you have a sort of it's a game, you know pinball is a game. It's like a looks like a table with a glass top and then at the bottom at your end, you have flippers like two little things like a pop-up and pop up push the buttons on the side. There's two flippers two buttons very simple game and then you have a ball that jumps around in the And you hit the ball with the flippers to to keep the ball from going into the hole because once it goes into the hole you lose that ball. So yeah pinball is very fun. If you are in Osaka, you should visit figure out what it's called now pimble Planet something like that. But if you search pinball arcade or even just pinball in Osaka, you'll find that place so I enjoy that place. So I'm excited to go back there. They have like Think maybe 100 pinball games they have so many and some of them are very old like from 1970s 1980s. So yeah, it's very fun. Yeah. It's a good place to go. So I want to go back then. So anyway, yes, we're traveling back to Japan and will spend some time in Osaka. So today's episode. I wasn't just going to talk about all soccer the whole time. I was going to talk a bit about coronavirus. Cause as you know, that's in the news a lot at the moment and it's something I'm thinking about because I've been traveling to and from Japan, you know spending time on the plane surrounded by a lot of people so here in Hawaii. I haven't been you know, I'm here on vacation in Hawaii. I haven't been thinking much about the coronavirus because you know, the country isn't or the island isn't so So dense, so densely populated, you know dense means like there are lots of people just in one one place. So when I was living in Tokyo before I came here living in Tokyo, I was thinking about the virus because every day I would get on the train and I'm surrounded by many many people, you know, there's so many people in a small place and I think what if someone has the virus here and they cough then everybody in this train is going To get the virus so little bit scary, but here in Hawaii, you know people there's a lot more space as almost space to walk around and we're not so close to people so I haven't been thinking about it very much. But like I said, I'm recording this podcast before I travel so now I'll be on an aeroplane surrounded by people who maybe I'll be an old Sokka where there's a lot of people and yeah be a little bit scary so What can we do to prevent this virus? So the information out there in the news and on the internet? They say like same as when the flu is any any type of flu is going around or any kind of viruses going around is being spread. They say we need to you know, we need to need to wash her hands regularly and you know wear a mask and mask and help a bit as well. You know, the masks The Mask particularly help if you are sick, you know if you are not Sick yet. Then the mask actually doesn't have much effect, but it can help you know, so it's good that we wear them and it's good that we all wear them because perhaps you know, for example if I have the virus and I don't know this is just hypothetical when K is not relied. I don't think I have the virus. I'm feeling healthy, but if I did have the virus so, you know, just speaking just an imaginary situation if I did have the virus and I I wore a mask then that would obviously really help to stop other people getting it. So yeah, it's good at this time, especially if you live in a big city, it's good that we all wear the masks to try and stop the spreading and yet keep our hands clean, you know wash your hands regularly or use some kind of alcohol. What are they called? Alcohol cleanser cleaning product something to clean our hands with. Yeah, so stay safe people. Any I tried maybe if you can, you know, if you have to go to work, it's impossible, but try to stay away from you know, big crowds people try to keep some distance a little bit so we can help prevent the spread. Yeah. Yeah, it's sad news at the moment. Also something that's very sad is the Discrimination that's happening discrimination towards Asian people, you know discrimination racism racism. That's when you judge somebody based on their ethnicity ethnicity can say race usually these days we don't say race so much. We say ethnicity. So for example, Bueno white person black person Asian person Latino person these are different ethnicities. So at the moment some people are being racist towards Asian people some some people think that the only only Asian people are spreading the virus which of course is wrong. Of course, that's not correct. And yeah, it's very sad that people think that way Way and people are trying to blame, you know blame as I when you point your finger and say hey, it's you it's you. It's sad that people around the world are trying to blame especially Chinese people at the moment Chinese people are facing a lot of discrimination. Yes, it's very sad because we already have this virus going around and many people are getting sick and many people are dying that's already a sad situation. You know, it's already Something that's not nice to hear about and then you hear about people discriminating like this about this racism and yeah just makes the situation even worse, you know, things are bad enough already. We don't need to make them worse. So yeah is bad time at the moment. So I hope yeah, I hope people can open their minds and stop thinking that way. And also, you know thinking more rationally more logically more scientifically is going to help to clear the virus. If we remember that everybody can pass the virus. Yeah, it's very sad this kind of discrimination. So yeah, so everybody just please try to stay safe. Yeah, please try to keep your hands clean, you know wear a mask if you like to. Yeah, and hopefully soon this will pass and it's all hope that not too many more people are going to die from this because it's a very sad situation at the moment. Yeah, actually, you know this time of year. There's usually a lot of flu as well. So we have to be careful about the flu. Anyway, especially, you know, the flu and this Coronavirus Yes, you especially need to be careful. If you are old person or you know, if you are already sick if you have some other condition or yeah, if you're young or if you have a weak immune system, so immune system is the system in our body that protects us from diseases immunity. So yeah, those people particularly need to be careful now. Yeah, so apparently I heard that this virus can live for I think it was nine days on a Surface. So, you know if somebody coughs on like a chair even nine days later, if you touch this chair you can get the virus. So that's pretty scary. So yes, I will, you know at this time I'll like I said, I'll be traveling back to Japan. So I'm going to be of course very careful. I'll be wearing my mask and In my hands clean and yeah being careful, but you know, I'm young relatively young and I keep fit and usually I'm healthy so I'm not too worried about myself. But of course, I don't want to I don't want to spread. I don't want to catch the virus and then spread it to other people. So yeah got to be careful all of us need to be careful. So yeah the symptoms Eames you know symptom means like the sign the sign of the illness. So if someone has this illness if someone has this virus the symptoms, they'll have his fever you know fever is when our temperature gets very high and there will be coughing and also be hard to breathe hard to breathe. It'll be difficult to breathe. Sometimes we say shortness of breath we say yes short short Of breath short of breath like you have a lack of air lack of Bria relic of breath. You cannot breathe very well. So yeah anyone with these symptoms needs to be careful and maybe I think they say if you have the symptoms when I say they that means like the newspapers and stuff. I think they say that you know, that's a that's a common expression in English when we're just talking about somebody and it's not specific. It's not particular which talking about scientists or the newspaper or just anybody we say they say and then we say you you know, you means everybody so they mean someone and you means everyone so they say you should call the doctor let them know about your symptoms. But but just stay at home, they say don't go straight to the doctor because You'll you know, you'll be taking the virus to the hospital or to the doctor and you'll be giving it to other people and people who are in the hospital in the doctors clinic. They will be probably old people or vulnerable people vulnerable is like week. So those are the you know, not good to spread to the virus to people like that. So, yeah, if you do have symptoms, they say you need to just call your doctor and and don't go to the clinic and less it's very very serious. Especially if you're a young person, you know, you'll probably be okay if you just rest and drink a lot of water and take care of yourself. So yeah, that's a bit about the virus. There was a bit of difficult vocabulary in today's episode. But yeah, these kind of episodes are good. Sometimes I thought this might help you with that kind of vocabulary and these kind of Expressions, so, you know a lot of people are talking about this topic at the moment. So if you want to talk about this topic in English, then hopefully this episode will help you to do that. And if it was a bit difficult as always, it's good to listen again, you know, three two, I mean, two three even four times if it's not boring for you just repeat the episode and you know, eventually it will become more clear for you and hopefully you too will be able to explain Lane this situation naturally. Yeah, because I know I know a lot of the information I've said today. You've probably already heard in your own language. I mean, no, I'm not telling you something new. You've probably read this you've probably heard this. But yeah now, you know how to explain it in English. I hope so. Thank you all for listening today. Yeah pretty soon. I will be back in Japan. Which means My teaching schedule will be open on italki. So that's like an online teaching platform. So those of you who listen before know that before I was teaching in a school in Tokyo. So I was teaching in a in an office, you know, and I would see my students in person face-to-face, but from March, I'm going to be teaching online which means any of you wherever you are in the world listening to this. This podcast from any country in the world. You can talk to me online and learn English with me. So if you look on in the description of this podcast, there is a link to my italki account, which is a italki, which is I letter I talk and then letter I italki.com / English with Liam. So if you go on there then yeah, you can take a listen with me. You can ask me any kind of grammar problems that you have or you can ask me about something. I've talked about here in the podcast, or we can just have a chat. We can have a conversation and I'll help you with any of your weaknesses in English. And yeah, get your English to the next level. So thanks again for listening today. And yeah, hopefully I'll talk to some of you in March. So check out my teaching schedule and book your lesson today. See you all again soon.