90 day fiancé before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes.Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I actually did it. It I tried to stream live on YouTube and the audio was messed up. So I took what we did do the podcast and I'm sure you saw like a bonus episode comment this weekend. So I took the audio from that and then I sync them with the video that I streamed and then I uploaded a video to YouTube with that channel so you can watch us what's the channel? I honestly don't know we need a podcast but there's like five read a podcast. So you have to look for the thumbnail that's us sitting in our room this with mics. Okay, so like two people have seen it. It was eight years old. Whoa, we had two comments, you know somebody actually comment but I yeah, so anyway, so yeah, and I'll let you know when we do some more episodes of the what now, which is on the TLC Go app. And next a tree a tree which is another podcast that is on the YouTube. They're big fans a 90-day fiance. They thought the last season sucks sucked but they are big fans of Ed. Yeah, I can't do it. I'm going to talk about it because things to say so HGH 3 though Elia and Ethan are reached out to Ed and are potentially going to have Ed on the pot their podcast, which is a video pocket so you can watch on all right. You to go there Channel and I think there could potentially do something with mayo. Oh boy. So a little teaser will see I don't know they've kind of talk to the story of them reaching out to end at getting them in touch with his people and you have it. Oh, yes people head. Yeah. Okay be good. He's got his own sticker see a sticker. Let me put on his luggage a lot of it. No, he's yeah, he does have his own logo. Okay. Okay, and then Chris he's not going to comment on this. But so we as the rain Deep Pockets are no longer going to comment about Jeffrey. I'll speak for myself. Originally. I wasn't really into not talking about him, but we discussed and we decided we weren't going to talk about them but and thinking about it more if the whole thing, so obviously, you know what he's done. You can't get around some of the crap that he's done, which is just downright like horrendous. And if we as a community 90-day fiance review podcast Community is showing solidarity by not talking about him. Then I'm in I'm totally on board with not beating each other woman, so I'm on board with you'll no longer hear us talk about Jeff and varia. Next so we are IG we did a little that my need a fiance filter where you can like, press the button and then it does like a roll the dice of characters and we posted that on our IG. I got Molly and I want to come get Larisa it Larissa Molly. So I don't know I still have not gotten the Deets on Molly's peeling what's going on her face? Hey, you told me that but I don't watch that show the you didn't but you did. Because you don't want you sure you didn't miss this week. She had Puck socks on pug socks while he had Puck socks on what yeah Ali just when I think I can't love you anymore. No, I really do want to watch because I do love that show. It's just time to because I can't watch it before we do the podcast and then it's catching up after because if I watch it before it here, yeah, but that's the first time I hear it because if I'm afraid if I can't listen to anybody talk about the podcast before we do the podcast right because I'm afraid it will like paint your teeth. Vision teint teint so alright so sorry, um hot tea We got some potentially is this Betty? This is news. Okay. Do you know what that sound means right originally original nice day. These are bomb that's a Caesar Bond. That's like that's like I'm about to give you information that may change the way you view. Stop it the rest of this. Entire season. Okay ready yourself already. Lisa and huisman may have called it quits. Okay, that's real breaking. What up, they broke up then it's like all right. Well, I mean, okay. So on February 11 2000 20 Lisa list yourself a single online. She's probably just pissed at him because he was some of the females are Valentine Bible guarantees. Some of our Valentine's Day been any they got married in Nigerian 2019. We got married. Yeah, we've that's how I did not know that that's your tea then. I think you need to get married. No, I meant that they got married Nigeria Evelyn. Michael got married. They got married. Okay. I didn't know that and then she lets herself a single recently. And then Lisa told a fan wait, wait stop. Sorry. You can put yourself as single or married on Instagram. No, I'm just having his T-shirt social media. Maybe Facebook, right Lisa told a fan that who's been her are still together. So I think that might be it. That's more hot tea than Indians are not together. I don't know. I think it's the reason why I say like bring this up is because if you know the more information, you know, we're in like we're in episode 2 the more information, you know going into watching the show and you know that this shit is false. It's like I mean, come on Nick, what did we think this was going to be a love story that lasted for the ages. You think Loren and Alexei? Yeah. Of course I did they were adults are forever. Yes. Because they're adorable in their perfect match. Do you think David nanny or any love story ever? No, I did. Okay, then I was wrong on that. All right. So yeah. Okay noted. Anyway, I guess that'll stand him. I guess that's what is wasn't as big as I thought I was going to be next speaking of Alex and Lauren Alex see the man from drowning this weekend in the Bahamas. The this guy was super intoxicated and his friends instead. They're did nothing to help them as they just watched him kind of like drown drown like private eternity. He pulled I saw the video he pulled this lifeless man out of the ocean and put it on the beach and then people restaurants. Do you live? I don't I don't know the deets. I'm pretty sure he did but I definitely wouldn't have posted a video if you died exactly. Shout out to Alex for savings and do life amazing. Yeah, Nicole. Again is digitally panhandling out there asking for fans to send her candies to her PO Box quote. Sounds like a good way to interact with you all. Hey, bro, let's play again. Candy number one delicious, right? Everyone's candy. I love candy. Do you take candy from strangers? Well, not Halloween. Okay fine, but would you ask? If you have any notable person asking people to send to you in the mail, I didn't imagine she's asking for candy for her daughter, which is even worse which how gel you can take any edible things from people. You don't know that are just like random between know it was you can look him in the face and be like, are you creeper? I don't know. It's like why would you want to get candy sent him? Well, I think she wants money. So of course, they think she wants money. Just wanted to get RP of what do you want to keep box like just it's because she just wants money. She big fail and last but not least Big Ed decided to leave his Studio of 11 years to move in to a house with his mom who is 81 to better. Take care of her. Just when I think I can't love him more. Thank you Betsy. Thank you Charles for the news. Let's get into this episode to Avery Seattle 32 chasing the hot relationship status lover the super handsome acid - of Melbourne Australia. She's going to Australia in a couple days. Also she is so pretty. She is very attractive. She believes ashes her soul mate. I'm getting starting to triggered by the world's triggered to so The word soul mate because I think every single couple uses the word soul mate in this. Yeah. I don't like it - move all the right things to say. So he has a relationship coach. So she's concerned. Like is he saying what I want to hear probably but yeah, here's the deal that like who like, okay, maybe I'm just ill-informed and poop. Someone will tell me if I am but like it doesn't feel like Australia is a place that you're just trying to like escape from so what's his game? Maybe he drew think that every country is the people might have the want to be somewhere else and then they want to be in Australia. They may want to be I'd rather some Americans might want to be in Finland. Yeah, I would except it's cold. But okay, so he has a 10 year old son tap Tosh - yeah shared custody and he thinks that Taj is going to move with them potentially and that Mom is cool with that which saying skeptical Yeah, the fact of the mom would support the move and I don't believe it. I think this is gonna be a little drama later. It's a little too easy. Yeah, but here's I'm going to give a 10 points to Adrienne - for for they do a phone call where Tosh is on the phone does not call Avery Mom. See you 10 points for not. Yeah for this program. Yes, because every child so I guess that's Charlotte. I will talk about it with a headbutt. Shut up - them because - didn't prompt. Yeah, it's a shout-out to Ash. I think Taj knows whose mother is they have shared I know but I'm just saying this there's a low bar and I appreciate that at least we didn't cross that. Okay, and these two have broken up many times. Yes. Oh, yeah every asked to speak with Sian while she's there just to you know, kind of get a that Tasha's mom. Yeah, just so she can get a feel for a that's fair and He asked why did why did you insane break up? But what happened? Always grew apart, you know some decisions. I was making you a present. Yeah, do you think do I think you cheater? I mean, it's a little pause. It's a high likely possibility that he cheated on her. Okay, so they grew apart that was those sure and then he the group heart and he wasn't feeling supported and he liked and then he just had to like go cheap. Wow, okay, that's it men say and by the way, I also am including my knowledge of the scenes from the next where the guy at. The flower store is like, oh, yeah, he's had lots of ladies. Yeah tie-dyed not a I'm not including seems to next and that's how I get all the complications involved in this in this season. So she's actually worried. He's not genuine. Yes, he doesn't admit he has a girlfriend to his clients. Dananananana, which we can I ask you a question. I always do the wrong thing. Okay. This is like a legit question. So his job is as a relationship coach. Do you think? That it's weird that he does not admit that he has a girlfriend. weird peculiar or the opposite of what I was moment he fucked up because if you if I was going to relationship I would want to know that person was in a relationship. I would not want relationship advice from a single. I don't know. That's what I would want someone that's like wow. I'm in a like a really committed great relationship. And here's my advice to you think unless I don't maybe I don't understand what a relationship coaches know. I you you have a very logical perspective of it, but I think that these girls are hot Ash is hot, you know, there's a chemistry there and he like is it's that's like it's options open. But okay, you can't date your relationship coach who said you can't that's just the rule you can't get your therapist. You can't do your relationship coach people. The thing is that people wanted either therapist. Yeah, but you can't as the professional the therapist can't understand that but so he as the professional relationship coach can't I don't see any can't so wouldn't it be safe was? Say sure. How do I need to have they meet by the way she did she reach out to him. It was she like Instagram I think and because I remember Mama's like what that's a thing. How did feisty mom but she wasn't seeking the services of Ash. No, I'm sure he reached out to her via because of the pot. That was the thing. She's a pot cook remember she cooks marijuana infusion or something and he reach out like hey, I'm really interested in this you think yeah, okay. Okay, so she's gonna covid answer. Your question is a weird. No, not if you want to have yeah, thank you. I think he's the best option bad. Yeah, he's a bad coach and he just wants to say yeah, because if your screws good, all right, let's see if that's true. I don't know how these are like vulnerable. Why don't women that's why I don't I'm not we have not even yet met the man and PS I don't even own a relationship coach does we haven't even seen his home turf, so I can't find a single woman. I'm going to go to this dude that's going to tell me how to get is this like the opposite of the or the Egg maybe like the guy that wrote that she's not He's Not That Into You book It's like a He's Not That Into You book percent. Sure. Okay. Anyway, so Avery is on her way to talk to her family because not only do they not know that she's been dating a man for nine months, but they also don't know that she's been dating him for nine months. That's from Australia and that she's going to go visit. So she rolls over to Mom dad's house and grandmas are question. Yeah, no, no ask you a bunch of questions good camera camera camera crew rolls up with her. What do they think this is all about? Why is the camera crew she has to make that parents have to know like obviously so that's my point. Like come on. They know something they like I think there's no my dad. Okay, let's say let's say we go to Connecticut we go to your parents on with a camera crew. I don't know my mother would even let the David Icke. What the fuck you doing with these she was not sure she would she would she be like what you're not bringing all these people in my house. I haven't cleaned it. But we showed with the camera crew to say we have something to tell you. Actually, you know what she would she would let you and she would let us know living room. Yeah and let us talk and sit down but would they would be like they're definitely super guarded and to yeah, what is going on these parents and Grandma were not guarded. So that's what made me think like they're relaxed. They've seemed to relax to like have a random crew in their whole. Well, there's a guy I'm saying, who is this? You haven't even told me about him. Oh, no. His name is Ash. And he's a relationship coach. Look at his face is on. It just got real read the dads having a heart attack. I have a picture of me. I love grandma want to see your mom. God. Damn it. We met on Instagram. Oh, yeah, he's cute. That's grandma. Yes, so Mom and Dad are very strong. Mom. So loved her face. I was just listening to her Feist was was Christie level. Yeah, she's she's very like Stern you're not sleeping in his home. Yeah. Well, yes I am. Mr. Christie with him right here, which is which is a valid totally sure. I wrote down like valid concern concern for her safety. But yeah in the mom is like I'm a little worried because she's made some mistakes with men true. We don't know her like full history, but it sounds like she's made some dumb choice, but this is a mistake on another level because she's on another country can save her. Here's why I know it's a mistake. She says He is perfect person. Yeah, no one's perfect. No, so if you think someone's perfect they will disappoint you. And then Dad like brings it back home like okay, so he has a 10 year old son and you have two daughters and it was like no no like the x is fine. He's going to we're going to just bring the kid here and dad like like and all of my mom juices are like hell no. Are you taking my child? Yeah. No, you would have to but look think about maybe if the the circumstances in Australia where he's at our the Grim, it's Australia. Do you know my story is not like okay like roses and like what are you can live in the bush in the middle of that the tree is deadly in the middle of that place. Okay, there's spiders. I will admit that and there's snakes and there's crazy thing if you live in a place, that's not I think talj its fine. Okay, what are you doing healthy people in? All right. So anyway, she hopes that he is who he says he is and that's very scary. Yeah, I don't know still I'm skeptical this all that let's get into the baby gear Lisa 52, but wait, did you hear the song? Wait, did you hear the song? Did you hear the song because it was this is true. Okay. Oh my god, of course. so we meet up with Lisa. She's getting all dolled up for a video. Call FaceTime. Yes, she's super jealous. Yeah doesn't like the females. Yeah. She's all about telling him what to do. But anyway, he gets on the call and let's just listen to it. Slap you ask you think he means sex like slab. That's an awful. This Ross guy. He's genuine. Yeah, I'm not really not a we what do you what do you think of this this? Laughing? What do I think? What the slap situation I think he's thinking I like slapping her ass when they're humping you think so. Yeah, I don't think you think he's gonna slap across the face. I think Zin slap across the face, but I think I think he he meant like he literally did mean like, you know, Slapper. Why would I get like just like you're cause me a lot of strif strife and Okay. Well, no, I don't know. I think you maybe. Playing playfulness, but maybe yeah, I thought it was five. I thought it was like he's yeah try to be sexy. Yeah, but I don't know. I don't even sexy I think was more like just knock it off, but when they're on the phone and someone calls him. Yeah, is it female that was telling mmm. She she's very possessive. She she will always she wants to be in control of unsecured and like super insecure like she wants she says she expects When she goes there 24/7 24/7 atop of attention boy that's trouble that's asking for disappointment girl. You're not going to yeah, it's you setting yourself up to fail expectation value expectations are way too high. There should be no. No way. Do you expect him to be your and you're going to go to a party some kind of release party with him anyway, so so she's gonna jury tomorrow. This is her first time out of the United States people. Don't we give you moving a little too fast, right? so Okay, here we go Pettit Corner. Hey, Nick Pettit: hi well, so this look is it's it is a legit Penny Corner. She speaks to Zoomin. Sometimes she speaks with a fake Nigerian accent. I didn't notice that yeah. Look she's a big girl and she said certain things he's talking about. She like the goat and other things. I'm like you're speaking. Like so and I'm guilty of this also sometimes I'm in the kitchen when I have in the kitchen talking to the cooks. I sometimes speak in a like fake Spanish accent. Really? Yeah. I don't know why it is but it annoys it annoys me when I do it and when I hear her doing it to him and like that's why are you talking like that? You don't need he can understand you that's like Paul when he was talking to Karine. You'd be like, what do you what do you mean? Yeah, you kind of like throw a little bit of that. Odds of the tone of what you're saying like, I don't understand that you're self-aware enough to know that that's not cool. It's not cool at all. But Nick wait. All this like judging we're doing have you heard the song. Have you did you have fun? Did you did you hear the GD song? I don't know why I don't have the song on we need this song was like our new actions to be like, maybe our new outro at least for once. I think we get claimed on on YouTube for it. So yeah, I think yeah so do that Okay, so she's going to go out with Rocky and Kathy who are friends. Yeah, rocky rocky and Kathy are their characters we are. Yeah, she's all he will Rocky has this like little mini Mohawk like Rocky. It's like yeah, I don't know USB entertainment is me Soulja Boy Soulja Boy, you hear that? Like listen to any says Lisa you can mix it in with any ladies. Now. Are you serious? He says loosen it. Yeah, Hello Kitty girl Lisa. Yeah, you know anytime Dan. Hello baby girl, Christina. Hello, baby girl, Susan you could you get like it's just like did you hear some did you hear an egg? Like you can't argue with that song? No, that's true. Love. That's no one would do that. No one would do that would make a song and then her friends are like, why does he want to be here? Hey guys going to give up a career in Nigeria to come live in York, Pennsylvania and gave it to me for Valentine's Day. Me. Oh my God. You should have a boy. Yeah, Lisa Lisa know we had against add the image of me like a shadow or a ghost appearing in his vision. Yeah, but you know he did she got pissed he told the director cut all the scenes cut all the scenes with the Nigerian woman. What why well, I don't that's so perfect. That's crazy. She wants to stay in his career when she gets there, which is crazy why I like who are you? He's famous. So just leave him alone. Yeah, you don't want to go mess up his career because you want to have to say it because you're selfish insecure ass was at this stickier. But sounds think I'll try to go where I could think of one knows anyway, but okay, but he but if you've heard the song you understand it's real up this sure I go listen to the whole song only through haven't listened to it all with you yet. He said it's really good then maybe I would have a better understand because you can't make that shit. I can't no no, obviously so she's going to could could do Anna could dooba because there's so many killings. Are you just killings and kidnappings is what we talked about kaduna. And then her friends like hey, um. Question. Have you ever thought maybe he's using you? Hmm? No, hmm. Nope. Nope. He'll stick by me give you of course because she knows everything she's just you know, I've noticed member two years. Of course, he has everything she's known him quote unquote know him. Yeah. I'm talking on video chat that it's you know him camera. Anyway, Robin can't fear was worried about her safety. I know this man, I'll be fine. If I only spend one week with this man finally in his presence. I will be happy, okay? I don't believe that that's crazy. So anyway later in the episode turned on Nikki and the daughter hurt dog. Nikki's daughter come over to pick her up to go to the yep. So they're headed off headed. Now. I have a game. Hey, bro, let's play a game. Let's play again in this episode. We're gonna say what is culturally insensitive and insulting too much. Now do you think that Lisa's purchase of face mosquito Nets and potentially giving one to Zoomin is culturally and isolating Cuba and grow and weird and like what? I don't know if it's culturally insensitive. I don't think I don't know. I don't know but like it's like saying if we want if we wanted to visit someone in Japan and then we brought them face masks or something like that, but Is Nigeria big mosquito? I just don't feel like it's more like it's that's to me is more like rain forest, but it was so dumb. It's very dry. It's bit on their face. There's a lot of I have a there's some facts like that. Damn. She do her shoes on top of everything and it was that I think it's Arby's in is she's covering mosquitoes. Oh my God, that's actually smart. I would bring that so she's gonna protect her face from mosquitoes, but the rest of her body is up for the ones you never had a mosquito bite me on the face. They've only Do you know mosquitoes love me? I do know that you have to Love Me Harder told me about that a lot about your the problem sweet nectar that they have a sweet nectar. I know yeah, this is where I should have this y ya know, it's I'm sweet all the time. So her friend bought her a gift some condoms. She's wrap it up because your friend is concerned friends a nurse. She knows. Yes. And then her friends also concerned because she said because he a Yahoo boy, I didn't know what a Yahoo boy was did you did not know what Yahoo, but we learned the show is also teaching us things. Yep. So young boy is a Nigerian scammer. Yeah, he had lots of Roommates who are probably Nigerian scammers this they live together the Yahoo! Boy. Yeah tend to live together. But this is my favorite thing. He said she says he's legit hes legit and then some point in this conversation. She says there are no red flags none and I take pause with that. Like I wanted to sit her down and say none none. No red flags. What red fox have you seen? There's nothing but red flakes this whole street is lined with red flag. Show me the red flags that you've seen so far in the yeah wipes because he says baby girl. Let's verify this is already red flags. How about all the females? He has fans? He's a I know that's actually the red flag is like, come on Nick. What should we would fight? Haven't seen one yet? I from my scam whole thing is a red from a scam Point. Yeah, some of the flag. How did they connect Facebook? Yeah. Okay, he just reached out. He wrote a song for you. Did you not hear the song? I know I heard sighs. I'm sorry. I heard the song and this true love is there. Baby, girl, anyway, sorry, all right. So this is what made me sad because I do think it's a scam and she said if this is a scam it will break my heart and I will never recover. You know, Yahoo! Boy. What a Yahoo! Boy. What's a Yahoo! Boy, Yahoo! A pimp yahoo.com. Scammers, they're called Yahoo, boys. Oh social media. Hey, baby. I came across your profile. You're beautiful. Yeah, they're asking you for money. Yahoo! Boys often lived in that happen. I can see we're trying to would think that most it had to be a scammer. Yahoo! Boy, he's legit. Hes legit legit legit. It's all your that's all you need to hear. You heard this song. That's it. Okay. Take you to court the song. Can we talk about Darcy and Tom quickly because I don't have a lot to say because this is likely fake is fake can be this whole shows her. Yeah, but no, but the Darcy Tom is extra fake and this whole show is not fake one. Don't just don't take this away from me. This is all I got God. All right, so we got Darcy just 45 Connecticut. She's gonna go wedding dress shopping for no good reason. Why No good reason for the program and we got Tom, he's 37. He's in the UK 37 or 39. I can't I can't read my play anyway, so she is what hinders happening why the fuck's going on. They recap the Jesse thing the fights she opened up the Tom over the Jesse breakup led to her going to see Tom and UK and I sought the he gave her a key to his house. Jesse gave her a promise ring. She's yet to see You can this ring and she's gotten like diversionary tactics all the way. We just so hold on. Wait. What do you have something to say the wedding dress fit her brand-new live and oh my God, I'm getting married. I know she's not getting married. There's no way is she planning on Mary and Tom maybe Stacy's getting married. That's weird. They're playing like The Wedding March didn't her and Tom and on like being like man. I'm not trying on this dress for a wedding. I'm just here for business. What wow whatever. Oh my God, her sister is trying on dresses to my twin sister Stacy and I co-founded our clothing brand called House of 11 and it's a woman empowerment Good Feeling collection of building and where he has spread into wedding dresses. So these aren't their dresses. They're getting ideas. I thought they were just trying on wedding dresses. So I have this I have So audio of a meeting right after that of Darcy and Stacy talking. Their lives are chaotic evil. If I wanted to convert this troll why why stop doing this to your face? You're both gorgeous. The lives are out of control. I I will put my foot down right now and say this is out of hand. I am fine with fillers filler it up. You know what sorry fill it up, but Someone in your life needs to tell you when you've gone too far. I think the whole nine-day communities here to say, you know, like but nobody I seriously have no part like filler it up and you know, I want my Botox Sot/video time getting Botox. I can't that's a whole nother thing but I wish someone would tell them no stop it and look they look ridiculous. They do it. Look they're both gorgeous. They just went but they went too far. There's no way to fix it. Yeah. Well, I don't know it'll just sit. I don't think so. No. Well, it will trust me because you have to get that redone every like, I don't know six to eight months. They need to death. Stop just stop it. She's crazy. It's too much and I feel like Stacy went even further. I feel like they're uneven to one side was like a little bulky. But like in the itm Darcy, I don't like to talk about people's looks but this was like made like it's not her looks it's not her. It's like it hurt. It just looks like here on Stacy's makeup is that shit was caked on the caramel bronze, whatever I wrote down Contour bronzer to my room. What? Okay, so it was a birthday last week Darcy's and guess who did not call her not boyfriend Tom. Who? Why would he call Cuz ya not her boyfriend, right? Exactly. I just wrote down Stacy. What have you done to your face? Yeah cake face, but can I just say one for I have an announcement. I don't have a music for this. Darcy has a pool. Ariel all I want my life is a pool all I want. Okay, Garcia's pool. Okay later on the episode. We see size of Darcy in the kitchen prepping the chat with Tom. She's like the we've had our ups and downs as far as I know. We're still a couple you're a liar face because you're not a coupling call you on your birthday. She knows she knows I know this is fake. Anyway Thomas, very stoic. Very businesslike in his shot. Very prepared when he schedules a video chat for her and says I need to speak with you because we're in a relationship. So I'm going to schedule a call with you. Okay, I'm gonna fake Town's gonna be yes. He's going to be new in the area and Jersey I think for some wine meetings. They can come to New York City for a few days if she'd like to meet up with him. Yeah, but his first words because I just could I just was picturing you saying this to me as our first words like in as we're in a relationship. How's it going Darcy? It was so like isn't it superb like what and she's like long time no talk. That's a relationship right there. That's a couple that's couple. Yes, he's gonna be New York. Sorry for interrupting. Yeah, no worries. And she's like, I wish he said would you like to meet up and she's like, I don't know. What are you? What are your intentions? What are your intentions? And then she brings up J-Dog? Yes. She doesn't want to be broken up with again in New York City because he's had that experience already. All right, she gets all upset and then they kind of just bicker back and forth to the she's like, I'm not hungry to this. Yeah. Let's play it play it by ear gonna tell you a hundred percent. She's gonna Oh, hell yeah. Yeah for sure. Then she says I want to make it work. Okay, Tom is not in a jersey Tom is just trying to be nice. No Tom is just trying to be on TV. He's not trying to be nice. Okay? Okay, man, that's fine. Yeah, I'll give you that. Okay, since we're not talking about scenes for next we do get a clip of Darcy like frantically booking it in makeup on the treadmill. What's that? She was she running so hard and she's seen some photos the time with another. Girl, but why would you run so hard for that? I just get it out of your system or like get trying to get ready to like you're not good. Nothing's going to happen with one treadmill run. I don't know who put that make up the girls wear makeup to go to the gym some do but not people that actually want to go to the gym and exercise. Anyway, remember what's her face? You know Chantal she put on that make up to go to the shoe. But she did like two squats and you're here. Yeah. All right, you Lana 51. So in one week she's going to England to see England to see Williams some somewhere over there. Again. He can't video his phone is broken he can talk on it, but he can see her but his phone is such the the something with that iPhone is such that he Cannot project video to others keep in mind. There's two fucking cameras on phone and also He has all these pictures of these have an iPhone but there are things like a model on the Instagrams. Yeah, you best know that if you have that kind of you you make it work. Yeah, you're gonna get this is a fake person. Anyway now this is what I have to bring into question. The storyline says, there's one week till departure and she has not had Any accommodations nor has she has a flight one week out to you and this stressful and you're supposed to and then with her daughter when you go yes with another person when you go to call to find out what airport you're going to climb in. Hi. Okay, London. Do you know the name of the airport? I'm going to take you to the bottom. Are you talking about you here ports in London. You don't just say London you give her a real airport for her to go to now, he's saying Manchester HUD. Also look at him like I don't believe it's really try to explain this no mum asked him which airport way is what there's more so I can't book my ticket doesn't know he's Googling it right now. The airport name and so he says wait if your lemon doing this, he's clearly not going to be there. What is he getting out of this? He's just evil point is why is she so dumb? She's dumb. We know this but he is like the game is over dude. She's coming to see someone in London. You're not obviously in London. Why are you doing this? Why not stop this game now? Because the game is over the game is over. One way or another the game is over either after she spends thousands of dollars on a plane ticket, which you don't get anything out of that or the game is over if you tell her okay, I'm in Nigeria. And I'm sorry, I'm not real. She doesn't spend thousands of dollars. You still don't get anything. You're not getting anything. Either way. You're just hurting somebody and It's upsetting I don't have answers for I don't know. What would you do if your mom like with this is your mom? There's no way my mom is enough common sense. I understand that but let's pretend picture. This is like, this is crazy Let's Pretend This is your mom. What do you do? You let her if it's not going to hurt anything or anyone it's thousands of dollars and you know, no one is going to be there on the other side. Okay, and it's going to hurt your mom. So you just go over there and be like, okay so you can go with her. We'll just go have a good time in London because nobody's gonna be heartbroken. That's fine. We're going to do some fun shit. Yolanda what's happening? Anyway, he then like before he finds some kind of airport code that's wrong. Actually then he tells her that. Okay. No just fly to Manchester even though it's two hours at like it's he's like fly to London and then take it to our train to Manchester or you could fly where you can is flat at Manchester. Yeah Manchester. I've never heard of that Burton would just like looking for an airport Chester. Every board, how are you yelling at your mother this morning? So I would be there isn't one. I'm ready to book the flight. I don't know where I'm going. He doesn't know what you're going either, you know, if she really really hard because you want to believe the best and not be a pessimist and be an optimist, but I would this isn't he's not know he is because she's letting her Deals. They got to be real we're too far now like we're too far like dude, you're not getting any money from her he I to get money. He's like he wanted to come there and he asked her for money for this and she is smart enough to be like I'll come there. It's all in the guise of I'm manipulative. I'm a liar Yahoo! Boy, I'm not trying to just but like this the scheme is over here. Yeah, it's this is not getting money. This isn't submit go not really in love. I know that's my point. Like she's not going to give you money. So go away don't make her spend money on an airplane ticket. I would love I'm very intrigued to see how this is gonna play out because I don't I just can't see heartbreaking but what who pops up who shows up but if nobody shows up we can't chase this personality sure that nobody shows that person for nobody. So she thinks do you think she's gonna take the trip? Yes, she's gonna get out of planes. I think so and her daughter and her daughter's going to roll her eyes the whole goddamn way and then they're going to get there and then it's gonna be really sad. I don't know there was like a scene from the next one. She was just in a room with a mattress. floor yeah I don't know what that was why don't you be bad for you because you spent $1,000 on this point yeah this jerk all right so now we lead I think Ed is the pretty much the so far the like the highlight of this season that is Charles by the way if you can hear your that snoring it's Charles he was really busy finding news let me give him a little poke Andre I bring him to work with me and when we're in meetings you make that he will crazy Stars throwing under the table and people will like you can see the little faces look up like what is that Rory and it's like that's that's Andre and then so then they'll giggle like it's so funny and then sometimes you feel like is he growling no he's a puck okay fuck Not a girl but okay Ed 54 chasing down Rose talking three months online. He's meeting with the co-worker Kara. She's concerned. Yeah. He's prepping for a 5,000 mile trip. And I think he's done many much research at all. No, and he has sensitive skin. Yeah, which I appreciate. Yeah, but we already does have great hair like it's shiny AF. So when are you doing the Philippines already bought a ticket? And where are you staying at her house? Do you know where you're going? Exactly? I don't I know it's three hours north of Manila three hours. Earth is like a small village my mom's from the Philippines. They probably won't help Plumbing there. It's so humid. You're going to be sweating. The they have flying cockroach has to find cockroaches. I draw the line, you know what the coaches over there about they fly cancel the trip back and so the trip looking scared to death. Have you sent her other gifts? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, how much money have you spent on gas? Gifts gifts and shipping. I've probably have spent five five grand. I thought he was a smart guy. But my love him is going deep deep deep deep deep deep long. Have you known her three months three months three months three months when you know, you know, do you don't send a stranger $5,000 that's very lucky. So yeah. I wish I had a bigger so you Oh my God, will you put that in the context? Right? You meet someone online. I think he actually has been not talking to any women for 28 years and he finally gets one online & Poor's everything into her it's so heartbreaking, but it's like think about the psychology behind that. It's like, okay, you're just really lonely and searching sure. Here's what I'm hoping. I was fishing for 28 years, and I finally got a dingle on my don't think he's been Dingle by the way dinglehopper. I think he's been fishing You've been you have a rod and it's casting the Watercress and find some fish comes along you little thing go. Okay, he's been like off the market. He went through some things he cheated on his wife. He feels bad about it 28 years. He's recovering from his bad choices. I bet you 20 years. He's got he says she hasn't he must had some action. But can I just say one thing? I believe some point in the show his cup said crack Shack. Correction, I feel like his cups had cracked check a positive couple times. I would like to know if that's true. He's in notice that I didn't notice it but I did notice a little bit of corner cuz the guy is 54 and his dwelling looks like my room and I was 16. He's got a studio. He's got a place where here with all the pictures of the ladies. Oh, yeah, I understand. photographer but I write y to why are you why yeah it's weird it's yeah you're right you're looking with adult what they can maybe a room that has those things as you're like workspace he was the many every single room you walk through was ladies yeah all over the place it by 10 if you were to bring a lady over to that place they'd be like what like the fuck why is there so many ladies I understand your photographer but let's put this in here one nigger but he hasn't have another roast I just put this in the bathroom or something I don't know yeah by the way her sister yes texted him asking for money okay interesting what you think about that I think that you know I got to go to reserve judgment I can't jump too quick to say that it's full-on you know like scammers a camera but this is like it's like it's a red flag for sure Nick I have a just so you know whatever that thing is the more you know the more you know I tell you don't be a fool wrap your tool wise words from Ed. He's bringing two boxes of condoms. Yeah to because it's going to get done. He's got high expectations. We got 20 years. Okay, Angela and he wore the lingerie that he bought it already which I think is a joke. Lauren doesn't he said I don't know. I didn't catch that. It was a joke. We were very sorry. I think we weren't called the picture in his room where he's a photographer. It doesn't matter. what do you work but you don't need to put all the sexy woman on your room yes look how and he says I don't so he shows his friend the ring he bought her which is a very nice ring we got don't freak out you know butter I have be kidding me dude what the heck when do you say is right now and it's huge holy schnikeys thats insane he bought a ring and dating three months this is real that's real and take this you're crazy yeah also she wants more kids yes she was were kids he's definitely not a 54 into raising another child here's the thing though what he wants a vasectomy and guess what you killed those women twice two times because he feels like so he obviously is open to the idea of well let's think about it this way how would you like starting a relationship when someone's already making decisions for you before he's not our three months so in those three months I bet yeah like I feel like there's got to be one of those appointments towards the front of the three months because probably opportunity to get appointments actually gonna Point very clear he's a grown-up and if he doesn't want to have kids that's a way to protect himself from having children I think he's canceled it because he's open to having children I just know I think he wants to be honest with her and to have a conversation I guess he's doesn't want kids I have a I've had a vasectomy yeah here's one have to reverse it because he's gonna want kids really I don't know I just feel like if you really don't have you may have a point you would get the vasectomy I agree but I don't know I'm not a boy Yeah, I don't know. So now we're can we get to the day that he's traveling to the Philippines? Yes good. I just love Ed. That's really what I wanted to say. He says he thinks this is his one and only chance for love. So I have a question. Okay. Good Oh, I thought you were okay too much or so since being on this program. Do you think that there have been ladies that have been dming? Mr. Ed? Well, yeah. Yeah. So Ed. This is not your one and only chance. Yeah, I definitely think he's got some sort of - he's really cool. I really like him as a human. He's Bradley's funny makes jokes about this funny - and he's a good dad. Like he was crying when he He was at the airport and he called his daughter and she didn't answer and then he's like we always talked before a flight and then she called him back and then he was tearing up and she was like it's cold as I would have been but like given the given the bare minimum like yes. I love you. Yes, we can talk. Yes because she's pissed because you know, this lady is six years younger than her and I would be in the same I would all but I think that he is so great. And if this bitch doesn't treat him nice, that's why I was saying, I'm sorry. I don't like to say the b word but in this case since the next you can see that she did gave him. I'm going to give it this this show creative editing has some editing issues where we've thought a lot of things like, oh Robert wasn't I can't do this until I give you an engagement ring. So come on this show tricks look is so but if she really is Not nice to my Ed. Really? So now you're he's my head. Yeah. Wow. Okay. However said he's a good dude. Okay, also, can I just say one little life thing? This is personal and you I know no one cares but so song my friends and we were so I've been friends with some of the same people for like 30 years. And so somehow we were talking about high school. And so I was reading the high school yearbook. And my best friend and some of the things that she was saying and you know what she brought up in like she had the whole thing of like all our memories of like all the funny things that we did. She brought up the times we put mayonnaise in her hair in right wrote it in the yearbook and wrote it in the yearbook and all I thought it was Ed. Well, hey, we're in true. This is a tried and true in most wanted that Carrie and I did when we were 16. Yeah to 17 years old. Anyway, that's all word Mayo works. Well, I don't know who works but it is a thing that people do well, thank you guys for tuning in and hopefully we'll be back with maybe a little more what now next week or this week later the next people and Steven. Okay. I like Olga. Yeah. Yeah, and then there's a Laura and I don't like yeah, but like why why are they on this television anymore? Not them? Her yes, she's a liar. So but I do like old guys. So I'm excited about that and they have a cute baby. They do. Thank you guys. If you have any comments shoot us up if you want to see us on YouTube go subscribe. Try to find us I can't tell you actually, you know, what? No. I did put a link to the video that I told you about the top of the show in our Instagram description. So if you like go to our Link in the bio, I guess there's a click on that you'll be able to see See and then go subscribe if you're wanting to make crispy happy, please leave us a five star review on iTunes. Yep. He loves that I do and that is it for us today and we will leave you with a I can't do it. We'll do it live I said that right before this program. Yeah.