Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla. This is value after hours. My co-host Jake Taylor and Bill Brewster are here as always Jake. What's your topic this week? Well, I felt obligated like we need to talk. About coronavirus since it's such a big deal right now and Bill. What are you talking about going to talk about thinking about the future a little bit more in my recent visit to the West Coast and how it got my frame my mind frame a little bit different and I'll be talking about the Swift rebuke that the market gave to Cliff asness has article on sinning a little in value where it then sold off for the worst six weeks out of a really bad decade which led him to write another note. Saying never has a venial sin being punished. So swiftly will be talking about that right after this July is Carlisle is the founder and principle requires funds for regulatory reasons. He will not discuss any requires funds on this podcast all opinions expressed by podcast participants of solely their own and do not reflect the opinions of requires funds or Affiliates more information visit acquires funds.com. So we're in the we're in the Second day of a big sell-off destroy. Everybody can contextualize where we are. I've been talking to a few friends of mine Chris Cole who's a vulgar? He has all of these little Mont he monitors all of these different funny relationships between things and one of the relationships that he monitors, which is something that I have believed for a long time is that value he monitors value relative to growth value relative to the market because I have this theory that Value sells out first in a bull market the tail end Valley just doesn't get a bid. I think it's because value guys tend to be a little bit more discipline. That's not the stuff that's going up. Definitionally. That's where everybody's kind of piling in it's a value definitely starts pulling back first so that in 2007 definitely saw that in 2000 all those years early in 2000 and I think that we've been seeing it over the last five years with value kind of cells off and then catches back up again and sells off and I think that the most recent Aunt big sell-off over the last sort of eight weeks was interesting and that it came on the heels of Cliff asness that IQR had this article where he said timing factors is really hard to do but he advocates for when they're when they get to extremes he Advocates sinning a little by which he means allocating a little bit more to whatever whatever factor is the one that's currently doing the worst at the time so he came out with her. Article saying sin a little in value because it's under performed. So well just just as a precursor to those eight weeks where it's had its worst six weeks in the last decade. It's probably the worst eight weeks in the last decade and so he had to come out with a second article for he said never has a venial sin being punished so swiftly. Yeah. I just I think it's kind of funny that like value has been selling off pretty consistently for the last eight weeks and now we have You know, everybody was sort of wondering when the volatility from coronavirus was going to materialize in the markets all of a sudden we've had these two violent days of selling and I wonder whether it's coronavirus or whether it's just the markets been expensive. There's a lot of weakness underneath. I mean you look at Japan had that big negative six point three percent Q4 GDP print that spree. Rhinovirus, who knows what's going to happen? Maybe it's like a broken window fallacy that if you get a no he killed enough people there's enough of a response from all of the authorities that that somehow that gooses GDP. I cannot I hate those theories. I think they're wrong, but you know, that's maybe that does show up in a quarter of Maybe it shows up in a quarter of people spending money on face masks or something like that. But I honestly I honestly I don't think that's going to happen. I think shutting down all the factories is really going to hurt and the supply chain and we're going to see that in maybe maybe not even in the next round of reporting. We're going to see that in like that's the cute q1 reporting which comes out and mid Q2 Q2 reporting which comes at Mid Q3. So I think this thing probably potentially rolls on all year long. I think I've just stepped. Your topic tissue, so it's a matrix a chance. We want to back in Matrix Matrix. Got you go just said we could just do a big Blended show today. If we want to this can just be a Corona virus retro Rockets into Mo grab-ass Edition. That's right. I might have to go get a Corona. What you guys think? Well, let's let's go back to the cliffs paper first. And first thing I would say is like boy. I kind of miss cliff on Twitter on it sucks. Why do you have to go away regulatory reasons? He just gets so angry. I think it's he gets to people. Yeah, not get it. Like he's probably smart to do that. But so he's ready. He's not the kind of guy. You don't have to have a blue check to get a response from Cliff like any random dude who set up a Twitter? Count 15 minutes ago can go out and walk with like yeah, and he will take it earnestly like he'll respond as if they're not just trolling him. So, you know babies it's a healthier way to forklift to come back into the fold as an egg. Yeah. He might be out there right now. We don't know rolling. Yeah, that's right. He should stick a big shark fin in his in his buyer in his in his profile pic and just like swim up and go people the way that everybody does to him. I'm gonna I'm gonna check for random egg-citing aqr papers. He wouldn't give it away. So anyway, what about the paper Jake? Oh, yeah. I just thought it was I really appreciate the way that he approaches investing and he just has Quant kind of mentality and like he really is humble about it in a way that I find attractive. Like he doesn't he doesn't act like he's got it all figured out but he you know he but he's very he sticks to his guns at the same time. And so I find that combination of humility, but also discipline like I'm root for him to win and obviously he's like one a lot already like this don't know what this is is. It's externalized so you can he's not saying he's not saying I'm Cliff asness with a PhD from birth and 200 billion dollars in the fund and I'm a billionaire. That's why you should believe what I'm saying. What he's saying is here is the data and here is my interpretation of it if that's wrong then show me where Yeah approach. He had a great line in there that I let me see if I can find a you guys talk while I'm looking with respect to how long coronavirus goes on. I think you I think it might be Q4 man. I mean, I think we might be into December still here in about it. I'm something else I'm saying a minimum. Yeah, Dan McMurtry was pretty pretty early on this. I don't you know like you I don't know how much is necessarily coronavirus related. But I mean when you Working back through the supply chain with all the operating leverage that is in Supply chains now and all the just-in-time inventory that everybody is worked so hard to get to it could be a real deal. Yeah, it's surprising that hasn't shown up yet. I guess the US just hasn't packed yet properly. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, I think one thing that we all sort of forget is that if we looked at sort of like dollar-weighted paying attention, there's a lot of money out there that is not they're not living this stuff all the time. Like they're living their lives. They're doing other things are going to their kids soccer game. They're not hanging on every single like report and you know and the Bloomberg or on Twitter. They're just living life. And so I think the under-reaction some I'm surprises us because it's like dude isn't this seem like a bigger deal? No one's paying attention. Nothing matters anymore. Right? But maybe it's it's just maybe it's a little slower to diffuse out into the into the ecosystem than guys like us who are on the frontlines think about it, so I didn't think about it. I thought I was like, this is SARS 2.0 its bird flu. I've been through this before it is bigger than that. Yeah. I've always a joke to my wife that the CDC has its has its annual. In campaign and they come out with zika virus be worried about that for this year SARS this year murmurs this year. And then this year they were like, come on. We got to come up with something new coronavirus, but I have I don't know anything about anything. I don't know anything about anything but it does seem to be worse than those other early advertising campaigns. I think I think that this is a real Blockbuster. Well buffer was saying it yesterday right where he was on CNBC See a news like I did, you know, I mean, he was basically saying that he talks to Bill Gates and but he wouldn't be like Bill Gates thinks his but apparently Bill Gates thinks that like it's going to last through the Heat and you know, we'll see but I think Buffett was hinting that he thought it might be a bigger deal than than people let on but I could be I don't know I was tired when I watch that. What do you mean? You don't know anything you're we're all now virologists and supply chain. Diana jurors, haven't you gotten your Twitter education on viruses? Yeah, it's it's beyond me. Honestly, I try to ignore anybody who expresses an opinion. Well, I'll tell you how it won't get Beyond you you could have a concentrated position in Airlines and then it comes right to your front door. I got a little position. It's hard to pick out the the airline from the rest of the portfolio that is already in there. I'll tell you who I like. I like the guy I mentioned and for anyone that thinks that I fully abandoned value this Attend basis point position and Splunk and this guy is like I thought you were a value in that episode. Well, listen here dude. I still own the Airlines and it hasn't been fun. So I'm so happy. I have this label that you put me in wave a like Spirit off 10% Ryanair down 11. I mean, I don't really care but it was a painful thing to look at is that impacting the domestic carriers because I got a position in a lot of houses. At tracking. Yeah, I mean that I guess the argument is it's going to reduce the amount of people coming into the u.s. And that's going to hit load factors. I don't look I think that this is a good test right everybody that is long the airline thesis has been saying like well, they're going to be able to pull in capacity. So let's see it's you know, we'll find out if we're right or not. But even if we get through this people are going to be like, well the max was out of production, so we have to wait for a And I don't care keep the clouded out on just buying all the shares. I know this this man who runs a manufacturing company and he keeps six months of inventory on hand at all times which, you know every MBA from McKinsey would have, you know, screamed bloody murder about tying up that much working capital. However, And on these type of situations when he's the one who's still delivering and no one else can what do you think that does for his brand and for his company and does it much more compensated the cost of carrying extra inventory? He said he does it for the same reason that we have two kidneys like you you need to back up you need a backup right? Because shit can happen and I think I think that's really smart. And I wonder if maybe we're a lot of public companies, especially It doing enough of that kind of long-term thinking and and trying to optimize for too short of a Time Horizon almost certainly. How could you justify that gotta get your Roi cup? Yeah. That's right. So all the compounder boy can buy it. Yeah. That's right. You gotta sell all your assets sale-leaseback them get your Roi going and get your stuff streamline, you know, especially with rates it like where they are. I mean carrying some extra working capital. Does not mean you just Finance it. Yeah what one thing that's kind of scared to think about those if this type of thing creates a push away from specialization and a more towards localization of resources and economies. It kind of makes like if you look at like Tibet for instance, there are a relatively poor GDP per capita and it's because they're on an island. Typically speaking. They don't like and they're Jack's of all trades. Like they know how to fix a diesel engine and you know do a million different things but they're not specialists at any one thing which is what tends to create the most wealth when you have the facilitation of trade. Well, if you if everyone goes back to being local experts more because of something like this like we could be materially poorer potentially as a species. Well his nose his another view the yeah. So Josh Wolf says that advances in 3D printing are coming and the impact of those advances in 3D printing is now you won't be sending all of this stuff around the world on container ships. You don't the raw materials and you'll just make it close to where you are. Maybe they'll be a Fab in your little city or town or something or maybe you'll have your own little 3D printer at home and that will get you most of the things you need. That would be awesome. I like I think that's a pretty good reason to maybe question on an energy investment anytime you feel bad about the world going Washington interview with Josh Wolf and all the great stuff that's coming down the pike. I can't wait the thing where you get the you don't have to have a chip implanted in your brain and they're going to stick something a band around your wrist and it can interpret what you mean when you're so you type something in air and it'll appeal. Green it'll be nonsense and your frustration with what has appeared on the screen will teach this thing what you wanted to type and it'll it'll eventually just figure it out. So you will have different gestures to the person who's beside you but your band will know what you're trying to indicate so you won't have keyboards or any other interface other than this thing on your arm. That sounds great as a do you like taking if you couldn't get Twitter out of your brain like I gotta be the begin you bring. It's on your way. Uh, yeah, I'm just saying I know I got to be able to take it off and you notification system it is yeah, that's I need that do you want to do it with that? Do you have any particular coronavirus insights that that's your topic that I was stepping all over Jake? I mean I kind of shot my wad already but I would say honestly, I don't know enough to really say anything smart about it other than you know, it could be. Could be a bigger deal and I do kind of agree with some of these ideas that it might take a whole year or something to work through. Here's an interesting idea though. What if what if because of this We Shrunk the pile of goods and services in the world and contrast that against 10 years of money Printing and this is what actually triggered inflation like a supply-side shock, right? We haven't had one of those for a long time long time, right? When's the last wasn't even nice? Yeah like Oil Embargo probably would be the last time we had something like that, but we why wouldn't stagflation be a potential outcome that I don't I don't really hear anyone talking. Out much you're rooting for it so bad. No, I'm not. Those are awful. That's terrible. Like that's well. It wouldn't be permanent. Right? I mean you're talking about I mean, I guess it's awesome how long this stuff goes on could be? Yes. Yeah, why I'm sort of I think that coronavirus is worse than everything else. But why is that? Why do you think that this is worse than than SARS MERS sick of Aris, whatever. I mean for me and I'm stealing super magadh to starts here, but I think he had the best thread that I've seen on how it can Ripple through the supply chain and how much like when your your cost structure is not linear, right? So if you stop production or your underutilized it's not just so easy to absorb and if that starts to result in layoffs and stuff like that, I mean it can be Calm a little bit of a reflexive downward spiral. I guess, you know, I mean, I know I with respect to Airlines they get a fair amount of revenue from the cargo that they have under their plans when they're flying that's gone down. I still see pretty full flights. I've been on two in the last two weeks and it hasn't been a big deal are four legs, but you know, that's that's all domestic. You going to you're suing your full week quarantine period bill that's why you've been suggested or any other trying to keep me sequestered now, that's what you should have told the the missus like I gotta stay out in California. I've been quarantined I would wish all if only it's foam. What's your topic boat? Well II had the the ability to go out to Google which was super cool to visit and just being out in California. You know, I find it interesting the conversations that I had out there not necessarily at Google but just meeting with people. I think that there is an interesting Arbitrage for lack of a better term between the west coast and the East Coast I sit in the middle and Go so like the most exciting stuff that were around this how many dairy farms are popping up, but it is interesting how like some of the people out there view it as an inevitability. The Tesla's going to own the electric carrot like tomorrow, right and the my mind as sort of somebody that's tied to value is to bet against change. So to surround myself with people that are Are more focused on change and where the world is going. I found to be a hugely beneficial use of time and I hope to do it much more often. I'd like to incorporate it into my life a lot more. Or is that what is that? How does that affect your investment kind of Outlook of the world are do you think you're I mean we've said before if you go busting Tesla, no, no, I'm not very smartly have said before about the you know, the downside tail being respected by value investors and the upside tail being value or appropriately appreciated by growth investors. Does this change? Does this change anything for you that? Really? I mean I did take that massive position in Splunk, which you know may have may be the wrong one to take. It doesn't even matter. It's like I said, it's 10 basis points. I mean, I know every dollar matters, but the function of that it's the only one that I have that's like that but I want to sign in and if I check my portfolio I want that as a reminder to think that way if I lose 10 basis points, I don't give a shit like it really doesn't matter to me relative to the benefit that I think that that Don't nudge is going to give me I'm not going to litter my portfolio with that kind of thing. But I do that's probably the one tangible change. It's a tuition investment. Yeah, I think you know, it's probably suboptimal but whatever and you know, I think like I need to spend more time studying some of the stuff that's going on specifically in the cloud and how you like last week. I was talking about data and how I think It's sort of a Kindle hoarders house where like people are like, oh look at all my stuff, but you can't find anything. There are companies that are helping people with that. So I need to focus my time and attention on how people are solving that big need and then be patient because I'm sure all that stuff is priced to Perfection. How do you how do you ascertain how knowable some of this stuff is Because that when I it's I find it to be like when they explained it to me these very very smart people I go. Okay like that that makes sense to me and then it's like the Chinese food effect with with the Fineman where they said like they can have a conversation with them. It would all make sense and then 20 minutes later. It would be like I don't I can't explain anything that he just told me right? Yeah. I think that's fair. I think that's fair. I think that the best way that I am going. Try to do it is to try to go out there more often and to try to talk to people and figure out if I can figure it out. And if I can't then I then I can't but don't feel like we can beach in Los Angeles God. I love La. I mean I love I love Callie so much. I I don't have to live there so I don't have to deal with what you guys complain about occasionally, but but I don't know. I can't wait to get out more often and I you know, I guess it's just surrounding yourself with with people that are working in the companies talking to customers and trying to piece together something right and if it doesn't work then so what but at least I'll say hey I tried and have some interesting conversations. Toby do you try to insulate yourself from those kind of conversations giving your strategy? That's more of a I'm not going to make any predictions about the future. I'm just looking backwards and know I like I like talking to people about you know, I like all that futurist stuff. I love science fiction hard science fiction. Yeah sure and I like I love the Josh Wolf interviews, for example of all of that. He's like on some line between sci-fi and sigh fact he says, Just trying to see these things. I think all that stuff super cool super interesting incredibly hard to invest in. You know that the long-term a very I've looked at the long-term returns to Angel like they're not that good Angels really hard long term returns to VC. Not that great unless you can get into those top quartile funds and I think that the reason that they succeed so well is because it's a signal of for an entrepreneur and a start-up to get an investment from Sequoia or benchmark. Whatever and so they do get the better cut of deals. And so they they they do a little bit better. I don't think that they've got any better picking skills than anybody else. I think it's incredibly tough. I think that what what in what markets like this do is they make people forget that the objective when you're investing is to find things that are mispriced. Whether you're a value guy, whether you're a momentum go whatever you're doing, you're finding things that are mispriced what this Market has done over. The last five years is it's rewarded that first order thinking where you say, this is a really good business. I like Netflix. I like Amazon. I like Facebook and then you go and buy some and that has done very well. Typically what gets rewarded is second order thinking we say, I like that thing. What does Peter Lynch say he says going to evaluation? That's really expensive. But now I like it. I'm going to watch it. So I have pretty consistently over the last five years been looking for Miss price things that hasn't been rewarded but it does work over the long run. So that's what I'm going to keep on doing, but I still love sci-fi. Well, I guess that the one the one push back that I give on that as some of these big tech companies have gotten I think a lot bigger than people thought that they could get and a lot more profitable. So I do think that there is an upward inflection. I agree with you on many of the things that I look at that it's just sort of multiple expansion, but some of this has been like crazy growth that I don't think my are probably able to see in other moccasin priced lower some Microsoft, which is had Which has been doing very well and had lots of multiple expansion over the last period of time you can go back the decade before and have a look at how it performed their that mean they're doing pretty well through that period to hmm, you know, the revenue growth was roughly similar but multiple compression did what happens normally to high growth companies that they see that high growth in the earnings, but they see also see multiple compression because there the market gets too far ahead that is what has happened at almost every other juncture. It's not happening at the moment. They getting multiple expansion, but I think that it's almost a certainty that we go back into a market at some stage where high-growth sees multiple compression load growth sees multiple expansion. I don't know when it's going to happen, but I'm pretty confident. That's what happens. How do you think about some of the pushback that comes a value from like the r OE perspective or the low Returns on invested capital? I mean if you're doing a value study your role. Hang out of those every year, right is that accurate? I mean, I know that it's I'm trying to figure out like yeah, so some subjective studies. Yeah. Yeah. So when you read the studies, it's not really like these businesses. If you hold them for five years you outperform its just in general the value Factor if you keep rolling out performs, is that accurate? So the value factor is pressed a book, but let's just say value generally like any low price to a The backtest typically run rolling on an annual basis. I think the gold standard is lag the data six months. So you're trading in June on the K data. So there's everything's been disclosed to the market and then look at what the composition of the returns and the composition of the returns over the next sort of 12 months tends to be the earnings for Value don't do as well. They do seem to compress but less than the market anticipates and so you get this multiple expansion. And so that is typically how it has worked. So when someone looks at my portfolio, they might say well that portfolios full of dog shit and I don't disagree that those businesses are struggling. I mean, I think that balance sheets are very strong. They still generating free cash flow and they're close to cyclical laws. So what I'm trying to capture is Higher is an increasing return on Equity. But from a compressed return on Equity increasing earnings, but from a trough and an increasing multiple expansion last few years for a variety of reasons not all three of those have occurred at the same time, but I still think the business is like as a whole if I tell you what the portfolio is, like eleven percent free cash flow yield buying back about six percent of its stock growing at about Percent a year. I mean that's from my perspective. I like holding something that looks like that. I would buy anything that looked like that. Yeah, that's a decent conglomerate. Right? Yeah, but it hasn't been working. Like you can just City you can look at you know husband has that chart that he publishes every now and again where he says here are the ten deciles and you can just look at how the tender sales have tracked over time last 18 months that value decile has been falling in terms of its valuation that most expensive decile has been rising. And in terms of its valuation that is what has driven over the last 18 months two years value to underperform not saying that some of those very good companies don't justify mean I said last week that I thought that it's one of those unusual bubbles or not bubble. So one of those unusual booms where I do think that the ranking is roughly right? Like I do think that the better more cash fridge fast-growing High return and Equity companies are the ones that are being rewarded. But I think that the train to make that investment the point that you wanted to make that investment was roughly 2010 and you wanted to get on that train and that was when Jake and economic pointed this out to me Ford PE for Value in 2010 was more expensive than the Ford PE for the growth glamour decile for the expensive desk, sir. I've never seen that before I didn't notice it at the time but I think that that explains a lot of the last decade of performance for that growth glamour expensive desk sir. And I think if that occurs again, then you want to be a growth guy at that time, but I think that if you look at the market now and Cliff asness has said this in his original venial sin paper. It's like value was punished properly for eight years value has been over punished for the last two years. And he says that now that's why it's so stretched. And now you want to be more of a deeper value guy. That's my argument. I like I like the framework of the market exists to humiliate everyone like it's right that Cliff should write that paper and then get egg thrown on his face. Like that's how the market should react and now it's time for everybody else to get egg on theirs. When do you have a company 2019 Victory lap just did you see that the market Gods should if they were just would be very punishing. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah 2020 should be set up for some kicks in the pants. Could the Deep value just saw has had you know, the last Seventeen eighteen nineteen have been among the worst in the last 20 years. So it's it's there's a chance. I also think that and Something that probably come mention his name, but this is something that I have heard from an investor who have an enormous amount of respect for very very wealthy very very successful over very little Brewster. There's a volatility when there's a regime change there's enormous volatility. And so I think that we've seen and the way that that manifests is value sell-off becomes steeper and steeper. And the under performance becomes greater and greater and you get this enormous volatility and I think that that indicates regime change. I thought that we saw it in august-september last year. But we sort of got have gone back into this sell-off market. So I think you know maybe current I think it probably do need a real sell off for there to be a proper regime change. I tell you this coronavirus is has reinforced to me that balance sheets matter when they matter hmm, you know, it's like one of those things that when everything's going fine, you can you can push it a little but when you need some anti fragility, if anything really chunky balance sheet makes it hard to have that high return on energy invested cover have that high return on Equity. If anything it's a drag through the good terms. It's right. The only time that you want it is when the market gets the stuff and kicked out of it. So guys have gone through big draw Downs a few times one of the first like I've pretty scared but I first investing in in the early 2000 in 2000 and you know, I've been through another one since then so I know that one of the I'm like Risk first, I want to know what's the balance sheet are these guys going to survive like if they get if we really go into something nasty? Does this company emerge at the other side, you know worry about the return of your Capital be fully returned about the her about the return on your capital? Yeah, I'm living with that right now my beloved ABM Bev. I then I think they survived almost certainly but I when I entered that I saw the leverage and I wasn't as concerned I guess that so like in that story in my mind Latin America was a mess when I got involved. That's where a lot of their profit comes from you got declining but and Bud Light in the u.s. So people don't like that, but it's somewhat offset by Stella. And Michelob Ultra taking some shares. So they're their dollar sales are relatively flat here, but it's not ideal. But like Asia was the growth engine and now and that's it. No, I hear you laughing. Not just that they over index. So they're they're sort of like this is an imperfect example, but they're a little bit like apple and that they sell fewer units, but capture a large majority of the profit over there. And the reason is they over index in nightclubs. Well, no one's going out right now. Like this is just going to be brutal. It's shravan. I don't leverage. Yeah. Well, it's caused me to look in the mirror a little bit and be like, okay. Are you going to be a business owner or a stock Trader? Because if I own a business and this is going on I don't sell the business ever in this scenario. Like I'm reminded of John Malone two years ago. Charter was pretty low when he had his annual meeting and he was he was just like, all right. And people don't like my stock right now. They will later and it was a little comment that he said and it really like clicked for me. It was a it was very insightful like fine. You don't like my inventory. I don't need to sell it to you and to me like if I owned a be inbev, there's no way I would sell it right now, but the stock it gets enticing to try to dance in a so I thought sylheti a little bit take advantage of the volatility. Yeah. I don't know that that's the game. I want to play but I don't know. Oh hot National position. Yeah, I don't know. I think you for one night. Even at good discoveries traded down. We drop the 75 million dollars. So if you like that then the light so that's like no money. That's nothing to him. That's like you and me buying a Prius nothing. He still ran through his through his screened found out which one had the highest price the free cash phone dropped what he had on it. Yeah. I'm just saying the 75 million like I don't I discount but the scale of it. It's the fact that he did it. That's Yeah, that's fine. He knows that business any bars at a price and now you've got an opportunity to buy it at a lower price. Well CBS Viacom, I just sold this trading below what cbs's trading hat tip to my man map ball. Wish I still had your service but you discontinued it. Thanks for listening. One of the 10. I got a famous people in art in the dude. We have so many that I mean, I think we have 12 10 listeners and they're fantastic people, but no but a lot of Those media assets are getting crushed which you know, I get it it's hard to walk in front of the cord cutting train, but I gotta work. I gotta Buffett quote for you from Jonathan Tipper. It makes no sense to win money to the government at one point one point four percent when it is government policy to have two percent inflation, Warren Buffett. Yeah, never heard of him. Good Lon. Is that guy? Yeah, I mean, he's he's been he's railed against long-term bonds us and I think otherwise for a while now, right? He's he's been a seller of those but not a buyer and issuer I should say. Short of being sued for breach of fiduciary duty. Why would you recommend to anyone to buy bonds? Well, if I did some advice it's the Hainan the theory is that if we go into a drawdown then bonds should rally. Over the short-term 1.3 down to what you know when they get when they get to that close to that zero bound they're going to move a lot more like that. Every little every the change in the in the right is it has more impact. That's what I was talking to my buddy about Microsoft today. And I told him I was like, honestly I could see it easily up forty fifty percent from here. And the reason is what you just said like when your cap rate is so minimal small changes. I mean it's trading at I don't know like a three point three percent free cash flow yield adobe's 2.5 ish or whatever. That's roughly 21 percent upside right now. I could see people saying Microsoft's worth a lot. Than Adobe like just a by proxy. Yeah, the price can just go nuts. Right and I would say yeah, I get it I wouldn't bet on it. But I'd get it. The only thing is that Buffett sort of did that in the 70s right when we had stagflation the 70s and that the the yellow Rock did a lot better than Burke she did through that period of time. The elusive Yellow Rock, I don't know how it was if his 50, it's I hesitate to say it because you know, this is basically a value. I don't want to get I don't want to get hazed by all the people who hate on it, but I don't own any of the moment either. I don't mind it. I took real well in it and the past my grandma gave me some and then I sold it and I know is it like 1600 announce a couple years ago. It was a good sale, but I've checked beans I yeah at the time I think I actually bought Caterpillar stock. I've got this I've got a mailbag question. If you guys want to do that this it's a very very long mailbag question. But yeah, dini resale. I'm not take a break then and I can't read this helping out. But basically yeah, he uses the FED model to provide a fair valuation of stocks relative to bonds. They use the 10-year treasury. However, we disapprove this model or not. We have but this this it won't die. It's a specific question. They argue that based on the historical relationship of the to the S&P 500 is actually in that region of 70% undervalued and fair value is in the region of 12,000, which is a 250% gain from here. melt up I think that the point of the question is from a purely objective point of view for percent yield on Equity with growth is more attractive than one plus one point six percent no growth on the current 10 year. I know what do you guys think about that? Yes, just because something is stupid and insane doesn't mean something that's a little less stupid and insane as a good idea. I don't know man. I don't know that I agree with that. I really don't and this is why I so everything that I own is not sassy other than my 10 basis points that disqualifies me from discussing value, but I do think that there is room in a portfolio to hedge because there's no guarantee that bonds don't go negative. And I mean it's insane for me to say that but if somebody said look, I'm going to allocate 10% of my portfolio to like a barbell strategy and Adobe and Microsoft and all them are going to be that that sort of far out barbell and they're going to outgrow bonds. I don't think that's the craziest thing I've ever heard. I do think you're taking some risk that I'm not comfortable taking but I I do get it. I mean, I don't think it's irrational Behavior if the 30 it goes negative. What is Microsoft Word so much Affinity? Yeah, four trillion five trillion. Why not? I'm in the numbers get crazy. Because he cut there's no price at which Microsoft gets a negative yield ride. Like that's a function of the underlying business. So if you can yield point zero one percent, it's still better than negative 1. Yeah, and their services business is growing like a weed and margins are inflecting and you can really talk yourself into some crazy stuff. This time is totally different. I mean the scary thing for me is that I think about is like if this is really where we're going to go And by this I mean, you know, like super compressed yields driving price. And you know, I guess that people would probably argue back to me that people have a floor under what their hurdle rate is. I don't know that I actually believe that I believe that theoretically there should be but I don't know that behaviourally there is like what do you do if you're a young person? It's hard. I mean if you're buying like some of these companies that to X the value that they're at today. I hope inflation never comes back because it seems like you're going to end it just seems like ripe to just destroy people someday. And I don't know when the day comes. Well, I lived through this very similar thing when everyone I talked to in 2004 was telling in California to buy a house because otherwise you'll never be able to afford one. And that was the argument was like you better get in now because you won't be able to afford one. If you don't buy it now and that was what everyone said and For two more years that was true and it got worse but then reality reasserted itself and it turned out to be not true, unfortunately. For a while, you got you had a few years there where it was you could buy a reasonably priced its property three standard deviations again, which is it's it's bad again Grant what has happened there. Yeah, that's grantham's definition of a bubble. It's approaching his he had tracked it for a long time. He hasn't for a while actually all of the websites that used to track it don't track it anymore, which I always find a little bit suspect to be fair. You guys have like unending demand and not enough Supply and jobs, so There's that but you also have taxes last year was the first year in a long time where there was net migration out? Yeah. Yeah, my mom's in Scottsdale. She says a lot of people are going from California. But God, I hope it implodes not for you guys, but for me. I think I want to be out there so bad. I mean let me sorry ask you this as far as the argument of you know, this melt up and and yields going even lower due to treasuries. I mean isn't this by definition speculation? Yes, I think I think only hard to argue that really call it investment at this point, right? You're speculating that someone's going to pay you more because treasuries go lower. Yeah. Yeah, I do think so, I guess that it doesn't feel like that to me yet. So in the same Microsoft conversation I was saying so compare that to Delta which is pretty front loaded with the cash flows. So they guide to 4 billion and free cash flow. As I said, I think in a down year, maybe you hit 1 billion like in a real down here. You probably going to be closer to four more often than one but let's call. My eyes, like two and a half billion to 3 billion market cap is 33 ish. So that's like a pretty decent yield today. Microsoft is three and a half to me Mike Rizzo. Like the Microsoft is a much higher quality business than Delta, but I don't know that it warrants that spread. My buddy has been long it for a while. So I said I wouldn't sell Microsoft right now, but I I can't get my Myself to buy it over that being the alternative but you do have to get into some like hair-raising stuff to get any yield right now. So I don't know it's it's interesting. I'm not sure that I answered your question. I do agree with you that if you're buying three percent expecting it to go to 2% on fifty percent appreciation. Like yeah that to me is almost certainly actually it's probably more than 50% the way the math works. But yeah. It's almost certainly speculation. Yes, that's right. So it's somewhat sorts of free to send bonds right microscopes to three percent free cash flow your the moment and it's all for about eight percent from from where it was before this kind of little coronavirus came through I think it was two point eight percent when we were discussing it last time that's on sale. I saw a lot of stuff. I'll tell you what like Pepsi and Coke. I'm in that's rich. I know that they're doing good things. But like I that's at least with Microsoft you have something growing like a weed and Pepsi and Coke. I don't know. One lever up to buy them. I'll tell you that. I've got lots of Malbec questions, but I got them. They're all spread all over everywhere. And like honestly, I can't track another one down. I've got AA I've got it. Actually that's not true. I've got I've got I feel like we've covered a few of these a few times but here's another one. Should we double down on our stocks after a thoughtful review is done. What's your rationale for your decision? What are some other? What does some other investors suggest and what are you going to do in this review from? Chris well, my my I've heard Michael Mobis and talk about this as the man-overboard moment. So it's you should be pre planning on what you're going to do when your stock drops 50% on you. I like that and does that trigger? Obviously, it should probably trigger a reassessment like the market is telling you something whether you agree with it or not is a different story, but I think you should be looking to see. Are the assumptions that I'm making this investment on predicated on still true? And if so, then this is an opportunity for you to potentially double down. If not, then maybe you hold or cut your losses and and learn something from it. But you the time to be coming up with a strategy for the Man Overboard is while you're calm while you're thinking rationally while you're while the markets are calm. And not after the guys already fallen overboard and you're like God now, what do I do could not agree more. I mean three three examples that I have like a bee and Bev. I don't know that I'm wrong yet. So I'm not going to double down and I'm not going to sell Wells. I think I might be wrong. So I'm considering swapping out for Schwab and Delta. I might buy more of not Financial advice but like those but those are like three stocks that I still think. I'm right on Delta. I mean I I think if you under wrote Airlines and didn't think you were gonna have a drawdown, then you're out of your mind. So to experience it and live it. This is sort of they have a strong balance sheet. If you believe in the thesis now is when you actually want to press your bed a little bit I think so, I think it's very situational. Buffets Got You Shook on Wells, huh? Yeah, I don't like it. I don't like a lot of that. I don't like a lot of the stuff and Wells I think their board is really dysfunctional. I don't know. And yes, I don't think you fade Buffett and Banks Toby from a Quant standpoint. Do you tend to more double down and even out positions rebalance? Yeah, the the two biggest arguments. I've seen John Hampton talking about this you got John Hampton talking about Paul Tudor Jones on one hand losses average losses and buffered on the other hand and and I think most value investors would say that they have made A lot of money from buying more of a position as it went down like what are the chances that you pick the bottom of the position that you're trying to buy a fritters out? Yeah almost never almost zero. So the also have this problem where you've got some risk allocation, you know, you want to be a 3% positioner 5% positioner 10% position, whatever you want you put 10 percent of the portfolio at cost to gets cut in half re by up to 10% Now you put 15% your portfolio into this position. mission Goes down by half again. You can do that again, like at some stage. You've got this you've got this risk limit, but it's kind of being ignored by the fact that you stuffing so much of the portfolio into this thing that's going down and you could be wrong. There's lots of stuff. You don't know there are black swans out there the way I deal with it is, you know, it's to punt a little bit because I just rebalance back to back to even but then I'm also looking at back to equal weight and also looking at Is the business deteriorating does that make it fall out of the place where I want to own it? And if that happens in that decision sort of somewhat taken away from in it. I also think that you have to give compositions enough time to work out. What happens often is that a position is bought deteriorates over the first quarter or so and then recovers like I think you need to give them at least a year to kind of figure themselves out. So that's a really long messy way of telling you what I do, which is just equal weight. Then keep on watching them in the screen. I think that's pretty effective. There are smarter ways of doing it. I'm not there. Lots of really really smart better ways of doing everything. I'm just always trying to find that the simple one that I can Implement when I'm really really under the gun and stressed because I those sit that cuts coming again. There's always one coming. What's them? What's that gambling strategies like Martindale where you just double down every every single time because it is that a reverse modern girl. Yeah something I always forget. Yeah works until it doesn't right. I mean, I you know, I think like I just think I Spears book has a lot of wisdom in it as far as putting up barriers around you and I probably mentioned it before when we when we talked but you know the idea that he won't sell a position for two years or like, you know, I don't know if you want to do like a two-and-a-half 5% 10% position going in or something like that and if it's ten then you Double down if it's two and a half, maybe do whatever it is. I could not agree more with Jake that like having a plan going in and then monitoring whether or not you think you're you're still right which the best way to do that is to have written plan going in then then I think these decisions get a little bit easier. It should also turn on the nature of the business that you're looking at. So, you know commodity cyclical with a little bit of Leverage that you get one bite at that. Yep. compound maybe you can double up a little bit on something like that that's probably something that you think is going to be materially bigger in three to five years time is a much different proposition to something like a cyclical like those cyclicals get really ugly at the bottom like there's no floor on a cyclical yeah and don't assume that you're going to have willpower at that moment because that's how you end up losing money or getting syphilis he I really love this syphilis like I love the Monger joke it's so funny yeah I think it's a good place to leave it because we're out of time thanks folks will see you next week bye everybody have a good one