Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there. Anyway back to the podcast go to youtube.com slash Gary Vee weekly be 0:08 now active go watch go subscribe. Tweet me if you like it. See ya this day Gary Vee audio experience. What's up Podcast? Today's episode is from a keynote that Gary gave at the hearing Innovation Expo in Las Vegas two months ago. He talks about context and how the world's view of marketing is forever changed, make sure to hit him up and leave her of you to let us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy Thank you for having me. I'm really excited to be here because I think one of my favorite words in the world let alone the business world is context and what I think about this conference and the relationship between the organization throwing it and the majority of the individuals here. I have a whole lot of context for that and I'm going to actually start with maybe five to 15 minutes of that context because I think the empathy I deploy towards of the many individuals in this room have been running their businesses along time and whether they're having solid growth or not massive decline the thought of heavy conversations around all these new digital things you have to do yet the reality of your business at home isn't so bad is the thing. I most think about and it's really my life story. I I was born in the former Soviet Union. I came to the US when I was three I was Super entrepreneurial kid my dad and my grandparents and my grandmother, excuse me, my great grandparents. We all lived in a studio apartment in Queens New York, when we first came so the first many years of my life that I remember were quite a struggle and a hard grind. My dad eventually got a job as a stock boy in a liquor store in New Jersey and built his way up and eventually became the manager of that store. We moved to New Jersey. That's where my entrepreneurial career began. I did lemonade stands. I did, you know II it would snow instead of building a snowman or going shoveling, you know, or throwing snowballs, I would grab a shovel and ringing people's doorbells and and, you know, try to make a buck washing cars. It was just always a me to this day. I have incredible happiness. I work extremely hard, but I just unbelievably enjoy the process. You know, obviously when you have success within it, there are the side effects of the dollars which are nice but regardless of what you do in this room. If you are blessed with actually liking it that is a really big deal. And so I really liked it by the time I was 12 in America baseball card sports cards became a really big deal and I was really naturally good at it. I knew a lot about sports so I knew who to invest in and I A lot of cards sold a lot of cards. And by the time I was 14, I was making one to two thousand dollars a weekend selling sports cards in the malls of New Jersey and I don't know about you. But if you have fifteen thousand dollars in cash under your bed and you're 15 years old and you're not selling weed you're doing a good job, so I'm still not sure if I'll ever be as wealthy as I was then because it was a lot of money for a kid that grew up with not much. So that was going great. I was killing it life was awesome as you can imagine and then my dad dragged me into the liquor store. My dad like Mary like many very strategic immigrants. And by the way, the immigrants have like my parents and myself have completely figured out the game. It's called come to America work your face off for 12 years by nothing stupid and then buy a business. That's what my parents did and so my dad had a liquor store now and of course first-generation oldest son. I'm going to be dragged in and work in it. So that's what I did. And at first I hated it because my dad paid me two bucks an hour because that's how much he made when he started and I bagged ice for fifteen hours a day in the basement of his store. And so I went from this glamorous make a thousand bucks in the mall with my friends life to this make 28 bucks, you know, and by the way, my dad is from the Soviet Union and he ran that liquor store like it was the Soviet Union. Which meant every employee basically hated him and they decided to take it out on his 14 year old son who was the size of an eight-year-old. So those first two years were a struggle and then finally I was allowed upstairs and I realized something very quickly, which was that people collected wine. And that was huge. My dad had a liquor store in Springfield, New Jersey and that was surrounded by some wealthy areas in Jersey that was more of a blue-collar town, but there was a lot of wealth Round it. And even though my dad's store was called Shoppers Discount Liquors. There were people coming in asking for wine and I would listen and I would listen and that's going to be the theme of this listen regardless of what this amazing organization just presented or Damon or an or I or anybody has to say the reality is unless you are 100% consumer-centric. It doesn't matter if the org is right. It doesn't matter if I think I'm right. It doesn't matter if you think you're right the entire game a tree. Retail is and life at this point because of the internet Dynamics are very simple. Are you consumer-centric or you not do you have empathy and respect for where the attention of our customer lives so that they could even know about you to do what you want them to do or do you not it's a binary game and from Lemonade where I used to have to figure out which sign to put my lemonade sign on whether it's a tree or a pole or which corner to the signage I used to make in my dad's store. Zelda wind we needed to sell that has been the thing. I've chased my whole life. And once I realized that people collected wine that was interesting to me. So now I wanted to be in my dad's business and over the next five years. I learned more about wine than any child. Should I read constantly in parallel, which was very unique for all the immigrants that came over. I was a horrible horrible student like D's and F's, so I really wanted to go my dad's business my mom forced me to go to College I went to college and then the first week of college in my dorm room playing Madden 94 dominating by the way playing Madden 94 my friend runs in this is September 1994. My friend runs in says you have to come and see this I finished my game I go into a dorm room and somebody is sitting in front of a computer now mind you I'm 18 years old at this time. I've probably spent less than 10 hours because I was such a bad student on a computer in my entire life one of the Devastating excuses by a cliche room like this about how they Market is that they didn't grow up with it. You didn't grow up driving you figured it out. And so I did not grow up with computers. I went into this room. I heard for the first time the couch guys remember that I mean talk about a ripoff two dollars a minute to be on the internet. These kids would be running up three million dollar bills. So I hear it. I see it. I have no idea. I say something silly because I think I maybe had heard of it. I'm like, is this the information superhighway something completely ridiculous. This is for the who hears under 30 raise your hands great. You're not going to understand this at all. I'm standing there. We literally I literally stood in a room and watched people go on the internet because it was so profound and I literally waited four and a half hours to get my turn to get on there when I got my turn at like 1:00 in the morning. It's about 20 minutes. I found myself on a bulletin board selling sports cards. And that was basically the moment that my life changed. I had decided that night with no Tech background that this internet thing was big and over the next 18 months. I educated myself quite a bit on it and a 1996 24 years ago. I launched one of the first e-commerce wine businesses in America. I didn't love my dad stores name of shop. Is Discount Liquors because I wanted to be a wine player. So we launched winelibrary.com and in 1997 to 1998 my last year in school because I wasn't there the site ran but it lacked it cost $15,000 to build the site and in the first year of sales Because the Internet was so early and because I wasn't there the site did twelve hundred dollars in Revenue. Now, I don't know how many of you have a sewing of father named Sasha. But the ROI on the fifteen thousand dollar investment and 1200 dollars in gross sales did not go over super well. And this is the punchline the learnings in that year from afar, but more importantly the first year that I came into the business the learnings that I learned by having an early e-commerce site or super imperative from 1998 to 2004 in a five-year window. And and this is probably the most important part of this talk because I come here. Let me let me be very Frank. I do this quite a bit. I've done this now for quite a long time. You know, it was so fun talking to you backstage, sir, because you talked about, you know, you would get people fired up on Saturday and by Monday, they're back to Notions. It's something I say all the time. I'm about to give you 35 more minutes of an enormous practicality to the truth of what's actually happening. I will then spend 12 to 13 minutes of doing or 15 minutes to do QA to make it very contextual to your industry. A ton of you will find logic in not just how pumped I am about it. It will be practical. I'm an immigrant and of built businesses my whole life. You'll get excited but then next Thursday will happen and will Veer away but let there be no confusion to what I'm speaking about here. I have no emotion about social media digital media. I could care less about all these logos if Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Snapchat Tick-Tock and Facebook disappeared tomorrow. I would be thrilled I'd be thrilled because a shitload of people would be confused. They wouldn't know what to do. They the people that digitally Market in that environment would be concerned. I'd also be thrilled because 85% of America's attention would be up for grabs and it's going to go somewhere the attention is there when people yell about kids on their phones going through Instagram, they quickly forgot that they used to lay in their bed for four hours going through Vogue and teen magazine. It's the same game. It's just a Delivery mechanism. So we're at the point now that really matters to me and I want you to listen very carefully because the thing I respect enormously is that if you are here your top player in your industry, you're building something actual. This is not raising Capital Arbitrage. You've got an actual business. Here's the actual business story of what I did for my dad's store in this five to seven year period I came in the business did 3.3 million dollars in top-line Revenue. It was a one-story unit on a corner of Springfield and Millburn Avenue in New Jersey. It did 3.3 million top-line Revenue. It did ten percent gross profit. Shoppers Discount Liquors 330 profit before expenses gross not net. My Dad paid nobody anything so we kind of made a couple bucks. With no loan with no cash infusion from there was no talk of venture capital or go, you know with no with not even a credit line, which I didn't even realize existed for the first 15 years of my career. I built that business from a 3.3 million dollar business to a 65 Million Dollar business in six years. No, nope. Let me tell you why no, it should be 250 million and I'll explain in a few minutes. What I did over that five to seven year period was I figured out how to make every penny work like a dollar while my competitors made every dollar work like a petty it was 1998. And now there was something called email and in 1998. I launched an email newsletter. The reason you see a huge text phone number here is because I've started a text platform where I can text you my content my offers my communications and it's the first time since 1990. Email that I've seen a platform not even social media work this well because everybody actually sees it how many people here had email in 1999 raise your hands raise it high. I just want to let everybody see it. Oh quite a bit. This is great. You'll remember so for the one more time the kids under 30. Okay kids. You're going to love this one. In 1999. We read every single email that was sent to us. Right. You remember my friends? I'm going to leave you with the most basic basic business principle that I know in spending 20 minutes with this wonderful organization back stage. I realized they already had one of the only two things that actually matter in business from one man's humble opinion actually caring about the customer many of you have built your business at scale by providing such meaningful service around something. That's so emotional that they have become the word of mouth engines for your business. I'm completely convinced of that how many people in business for over 15 years a staggering percentage of you have done at least that that's impossible for you not to write that's punchline the other most meaningful part of business where 93% of this audience is not playing in is the Arbitrage of the attention of your consumer not does your $20,000 print Ad work or not. The question is if you spent that same 20, and you knew what you were. Were doing on Facebook and Instagram would it work better? Not if your local radio thing or sponsoring the softball team or whatever you locally do that that energy and time and money not does that work? Does that work better than what's actually happening with the person you're trying to reach in 2020. There is no more interesting thing in marketing today for me than marketing to people 55 to 90 on Facebook. A stunning percentage of 55 to 90 lives on Facebook to basically debate politics and over amplify how good their kids are. And they live in there and when somebody lives in something you can Market to them in 1998. It was called email. Nobody was doing it. I started the email newsletter how many people here have done email marketing in their careers raise your hands, please great. So you're going to see some staggering numbers here in 1998 by 2001 a hundred thousand people on an email newsletter with 90% open rates. It was new it was new today that list is 500,000 people with 31% open rates. And even in those open rates the consumption and the conversion is not in the same place and I'm sure for marketers they hear that numbers. Those are very healthy numbers, but that's a lot of work into it. So it was emailed. Next Google AdWords came out the day Google AdWords came out. I bought every wine term for 5 cents a click. The reason I stopped you from clapping for three 265 is this had I understood at 23 and 24 years old 25 years old that when you have oh, it's actually this is perfect. We're in Vegas. I don't play poker, but I know this enough to make this statement when you really understand poker and you understand everything that's happening in front of you and you look at your hand and you know, you have the nuts you have the lead hand the best hand one can get it's a good idea to go all And if you can go them into win because you've won in 2001 to 2003. I won it was called Google AdWords. None of my competitors understood it or we're paying attention to it. And I was buying customers for five cents a lead to the site and somewhere in the ballpark of 80 cents to get somebody to spend $40, but I did not understand how remarkable this moment was because I was going on intuition and on Common Sense and so even though I was spending real money on it. It I was still doing direct mail. I was still doing full-page ads in the New York Times. I was still doing other behaviors. If I look back when I look back there was still so much more room and had I understood and went all in the business would have been disproportionately greater as you can imagine a decade later when I came to that realization that has been a driving force of the things that I want to talk to you about. It is the driving force in 2006 YouTube came out. It was a month old. I looked at it and I said this thing. Going to be big this thing is going to be big. I think there's something here and I decide because there's no ads to run. This is now not marketing. This is content. I'm like, I'm gonna do one show. I've never done a wine show, but I at that point I know a lot about wine and I'm like, I'll do it. So somebody runs the best by buys a $300 camera we sit down and then February 20th first 2006. I record the first episode of Wine Library TV Wine Library TV She was something I went on to do a thousand episodes of it was a very interesting concept. I got four bottles of wine from downstairs and I drank them. It was me in front of a camera with four bottles of wine and I drank them taste it spit because I lived in New York and the store was in Jersey. And so I needed to make sure I didn't get pulled over so I would taste and spit. It was 20 minutes long and hundreds of thousands people started watching it because it was a novel platform YouTube didn't have a lot of content. Everything was copyrighted and young and here was this flying show that taught me the power of just content that was free that organically could be seen by people and drive it for months later. Nine months later. Excuse me. YouTube cells to Google for one point seven billion dollars in 2006. The landscape of business that one point seven one point nine billion dollar number if some of you remember seem like a trillion dollars most people haven't even heard of YouTube yet. So the headlines and the times and CNBC blue people's mind what it did to me was it changed my career because I realized my God this talent I have of email and search and now YouTube maybe I should use this talent in a way that's bigger than just selling more bottles of Pinot Noir. And so I decided then and there on that day that I would become an angel investor and I would invest in things that I believed in and over the next 18 months the first three companies that I put money into when they were very small companies were Facebook Twitter and Tumblr. What that means is I'm extremely wealthy. But much more importantly than that is something else those platforms go on to become what you know Tumblr if you don't know got bought by Yahoo for a billion dollars. They screwed it up. You don't know it anymore. The other two are still around and quite meaningful in 2009 at the height of this. I got offered to be a venture capitalist. I decided not to and I decided to do what I do now, which I was I decided probably on the back that I'm a very big Star Wars fan that I was going to build a Communications and marketing Death Star. Would scale what I'm good at and point it at anything that I wanted to point it at whatever nonprofit disease movement and definitely all the businesses like my sneakers and wine and other things that I have come over the last 10 years. I've built an organization from 0 because the punch line of when I started the company was all my money was tied up in those three companies because I took all my money and bet on those three companies. My dad owned the liquor store. I had no money. So at 34 years old after building a huge business for my dad I left and started my own business my brother and I had nothing and started vaynermedia in a conference room of another company from that moment on to today. We've built a thousand person organization a 200 million dollar Revenue business Singapore, London, New York La this is all to say one thing. This is not a press release for me. This is please wake up. With very little Capital but by deploying against the truth of what customers do I've been able to do this and many more have as well. I am devastated that I'm about to deliver this sentence and the fact that you will not you will not go spend the 15 hours on YouTube if you want to watch it or Google if you want to read it free, by the way that you will not spend the 15 hours to educate yourself on how to do it. You won't and you will. Sit and that statement is very simple my friends LinkedIn right this second right this second as we sit here today. I'm a day trader of attention. I like vine when Vines big I like Snapchat when Snapchats Pig I like Tick Tock one tick tocks pick. I didn't talk about LinkedIn at all. Now I talk about it every day. All I do is look where there's an Arbitrage right this second LinkedIn the platform that you think is just your business profile has become a Content platform and it is acting like Facebook did in 2011. There's a stunning amount of people on it. If you've been to your LinkedIn recently, and if you haven't please do the Tent is no longer just business. It is absolutely everything people's opinions what they're eating exercise tips why it is become Facebook. The organic reach meaning you don't even have a LinkedIn account you started account for your retail store for your store forget about you for your store and you start posting content and people will see it without you paying for them to see it because the it's just supply and demand the attention on the platform is greater than the content that people are making that will go away it always does it did on email 90% to 30% open rates. It did on Google AdWords five-cent words are now four dollars. It did on Facebook how many people here group businesses? Whether your own or others in the prime of that Facebook 2011 to 14 era raise your hands if anybody so for the couple of hands that went up clearly, you know, this is not the same Facebook that we took advantage of in that half decade that then happened on Instagram. The biggest mistake that people make when it comes to marketing is they decide a platform is not for them. You decide your customers not on there you decide that Tick Tock is not for you right now because that's for 12 to 15 year old girls and you're targeting 65 year old males. Let's just say what you don't understand is how communication and marketing actually works which is if you're thoughtful enough about the content you make and you make a sweet little funny video of a 15 year old and a grandpa interacting it can bring awareness for you the lack of Bibbity or thoughtfulness or understanding of human behavior has led so many to not innovate or execute. The costs are remarkably low LinkedIn scares me how inexpensive it is, but are you the kind of organization that is willing to make seven pieces of content for LinkedIn add 1/2 this room doesn't make seven piece of content for social media a year. They take whatever this organization sends them and they just posted and think something's going to happen. My friends, I don't know what you're thinking but no matter how remarkable this three-generation family businesses that makes the best products. If you are not paying attention to what technology is doing to your industry. You're putting your head in the sand and you're going to let a tidal wave run you over period the world is not going backwards technology and Innovation doesn't care about how you want it to be. They don't care that you liked it when people the world does not care that when you go to a restaurant Durant and you see a couple sitting there eating but they're both on their phone and you're like see that's so sad. I see that as a great thing. When I go to a restaurant and I see a couple both on the phone the whole time I say that's the same couple I saw 20 years ago that satin had dinner with each other and didn't say a damn word to each other. Now. I'm happy that at least they could be looking at what they want to be looking at. We demonize technology. And we Romance the past why the world is writing a letter some remarkable Noble Act. It's the message. It's the message. I understand the effort. I understand feeling good about a time. That was the problem is we're not having a philosophical or even a political conversation here. We're in this room talking business and the customer doesn't care how you want it to be the customer doesn't care that you just renovated your store and you want them to come to you if they want to deliver to them. The customer doesn't care that they have to return. Turn two three times to have it fit. Because they don't want to leave because Amazon got them used to it my friends, please please understand that we are living through the single biggest biggest consumer Behavior shift of our society because the internet not Twitter not tick tock not a mobile device. The internet is the biggest invention in the history of the human race. It is changed the macro political climate. It has changed the way we look at Health it is changed everything. And it's just 20 years old and it's consumer-facing. I can't and I mean this I can't wrap my head around why not every person here that doesn't spend fifty percent of their money in marketing on digital and I mean modern digital not Google AdWords does go back home and actually Google how do you run ads for this is by the way, this is remarkable. You could go home and type in how do you run ads on? Instagram for 70 year olds enter and get unlimited free information one more time 30 year old kids raise your hand. Kids, you know what we used to have to do to figure that out. Go to something called The Library. Walk up to something called the Dewey Decimal System and find that shit. That was written four and a half years ago that had nothing to actually do with the world. Now while I am talking every person you can take out of their pocket a device that is a computer that is more powerful than the computer that Ronald Reagan had to run the Free World and type into Google how to run ads on Facebook to sell to seventy two year olds in Iowa enter. My friends it's time. The organization that brought us all here can't say it others won't say it. I'm going to say it because I want Legacy you have to build your brand. It's the only thing that's going to be left. Even location location location is now bullshit in 2020. The world has changed. I'm not happy about it. Please let there be no confusion. I've been right so many times in my career. I just wish it stopped because I could stay right everytime stuff changes I get sad. You think I'm looking forward to the day within a decade that whether it's Google or Amazon people are sitting in their home and saying Google send me a pizza. Do you know how scary it is for Pizza Hut and Domino's and GrubHub and seamless and Google for everybody in America and 15 years and Global. I know there's a 25% Audience by the way, you know, it's crazy raise your hands. If you're not in America raise it high, it's good. Don't worry. It's gonna be okay. What's scary about thank you. What's scary about my world the digital spend money on cheaper stuff get more is that everything I believe in and write about is even better outside the US even better Facebook and Instagram and Linkedin and all these ads are more inexpensive. They are because even less people are taking advantage of it. It just supply and demand it just applying demand. My friends it's time. It is time. This is the trip. This is the trip where you actually understand this is real because I promise you. There's several conferences that I've spoke at that hurt my feelings and I'll give you the one that really stands out for me. I was an early investor in Uber as well. So I invest in Uber I would as I told you was born in the Soviet Union a lot of the Russians that came over in the late 70s moved to LA and became taxi drivers that was like the stick there. So a lot of my dad's friends went there started out driving a cab immigrants stuff save money save money save money now, they own their own cars. They've spent their whole life grinding their whole life. Now about a decade ago and over phenomenon started happening. They were my dad's age mid to late 50s. My dad is more like me a working dog, but a lot of his friends actually couldn't wait to retire and go to warm weather and enjoy so they're maximizing maximizing looking to flip I get involved in Uber and I call a couple of those friends say hey, there's a new app and I think it's dangerous and I think you need to really think about it. Explain it. They laugh at me with a heavy Russian accent about hold on you say iPhone On brings limo and three seconds. Hahaha some fucking Vladimir Putin shit, right? I try to explain again because I care you know up. Let me make it very clear here. None of you are my dad's best friends your acquaintances and highly likely strangers. If not, one of you does anything I'm talking about. That's actually good for me. Not bad because every dollar you put into Instagram and Facebook and Snapchat raises the price of the dollars that I put in, so please understand I don't care about these platforms. I don't care about you. I'm here for one reason to be historically correct so I can trade off that currency in a decade let there be no confusion. Anyway, they laugh at me within 36 months those businesses that were worth millions of dollars on 29 cars times a multiple of e ba-don't were worth ten cents on the dollar. Whether it's goear whether Apple decides to do something slightly different with its earpod whether some entrepreneur in here decides to innovate my friends, if you do not build brand reputation awareness for your business and you are right relying on other brand equities, including this incredible brand you are vulnerable. Period and so the one way I know how not to be vulnerable is to have leverage with the end consumer. And to have leverage with the end consumer requires people knowing who you are new people knowing who you are relying just on the word of mouth localization graph is becoming more and more vulnerable in every service in the country. You have to understand that the ability to know what pictures and videos go on these platforms down here is now now as much of a business requirement as knowing how to balance a checkbook I would argue And I mean this by the way that if you were my sister and you were only capable to have one skill and not have the other one at all. I would rather, you know exactly how to do pictures and spend ads on these platforms then know how to balance a checkbook because we would hire a reputable accountant to do that. This is such a skill and unlike an accountant where the math is tried and true. This changes every moment. When I wrote this New York Times bestseller called crushing it. You can't see it. But you see there's some little circles up there, right? This book was only written 24 months ago. The little Circles of there were the platform's LinkedIn and Tick-Tock are not in that book They're not mentioned. Tick-Tock was called musically at the time right for all the people that have an eleven-year-old in their lives and Linkedin was not acting like this. It was still more similar to the thing that we all grew up with which is a place we go. spam each other in mail to do business I know that you know, it's actually how many people here know who Mariano Rivera is raise your hand. Pretty good. Mariano Rivera was the closer the last pitcher for the New York Yankees for about 20 years went to the Hall of Fame the best to ever do it. If you really know baseball, you know what I'm about to tell you which was he was solid, but he had one pitch he had this cutter that besides Edgar Martinez for whatever reason nobody on Earth could actually hit. And he threw it for 20 years. The reason I bring him up randomly is because I am Mariano Rivera. I am solid at operations. I can balance a checkbook. I'm a really good leader because I took my mom's EQ. So I like people and all that good stuff. But I have a pitch that nobody can hit which is intuitively gifted. No different than somebody who can jump 15 feet in the air or sing like a bird or whatever other gifts people have I have such a connection only to the customer not to my checkbook not to my partner's not to anything but the customer and I watch them and I watch them 24/7 365 for the last 40 Years of my short 44-year life. That's why I was terrible at school. And that's why I will go on to buy the New York Jets and win Super Bowls and And so for me since we have the Serendipity of being in this room together today, please please listen to the conviction and transparency in my voice the inability to do pictures and videos content and know how to run the media the ads on the platforms that live on top of the phone. Is the biggest vulnerability in business today whether you are a one store location that's been there for 21 years and you have a great reputation or you're trying to innovate and expand. It's a very big deal because not if you can clap all you want about family business and we're not going DTC you're not but the world is and so please they may win or lose. Here's what I know betting on technology losing. It has always lost. And so I desperately need you to know there is a counter to Apple starting their own product. There's a counter you can actually beat you Johnny in the back Sally. You can beat Apple my friends the thing I didn't tell you about when I took my daddy's business from three to 65 million with no money was wine.com raised a hundred eighty million dollars a month after I started full-time. But they didn't execute. And more importantly they can't take the whole Market if tomorrow I woke up and Apple created the device that were referring to I would still know that every person in this room could still have a feasible business if they were on the offense not sailing on the defense if they didn't expect this organization or whoever else you're partnered with to make their content for them and post organic. You must build the skill of building the brand of your business. Or you will feel the effects. I promise it is devastating to me that every day of my life. I get an email from somebody that's been to one of these talks over the last 15 years telling me they did go out of business because they didn't execute and it's amazing to me that every day every single day. Somebody emails me and says, there's a nail salon company in Toronto that the 3 million that went to 11 million in one year by executing the 50 hours that I am mandating hoping praying that We'll put into to educate yourself. I don't care if you're by the way I did not say if you're if you are 67 year old Rick in here and you're listening and you're like, okay, I'm gonna let my niece do that for us. I did not say that Rick. I said you you so that you can judge if you're nice. So you can judge if your partners are doing the right content and it's actually working for you. You must become a practitioner in Communications because what the internet is doing my friends, it is commoditizing everything but the ability to communicate don't get it twisted. It's happened and how you want it to be isn't going to change that. Thank you. As we end today's podcast. I want to give a huge shout out to the people. You know, it's so funny people that leave reviews and written reviews of this podcast on Apple Spotify and all the other platforms just mean the world to me you've taken an extra 13 to 95 seconds to show love and also give context to people of why this is a worthwhile podcast. So I appreciate that so much and even more fun because I think we all love a little cosine or a shout out or a little awareness. I'm gonna have the team give a couple of shout outs. Daily on our favorite reviews. So Dean take it away which were our favorites this week. Thank you. Yay. Today's reviews love and number one for valuable content written by prolific Mark and Tim patch say I cannot think of a better title for this review other than love love because that's how I'm feeling after consuming this that's what I feel from your energy. If you're looking for Value look no further. And secondly, if you are not listening to this podcast daily, you are doing yourself a disservice Gary not only talks the talk, but he walks the walk he is Brutally honest and will tell you how it is, even if you don't want to hear it. I was at a low point in my life personally and professionally and Gary's advice enlightened me and got my attitude back on track. Thanks Gary. Thank you both so much for riding in and remember keep leaving reviews because yours could be next.