I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but my lovely ladies it's girls night y'all. The songs are not catching on popular opinion miss you guys last week. So yeah happy to be here and the queen of AfterBuzz Haley Grace buddy. Oh, you're shy my waves do your waves? Yes, you know I've got eyes will be the live chat talking with y'all all episode keep giving me all of your thoughts because we love it. Yes, so obviously this was the last week, so I had to re-watch to kind of get refreshed with everything that In episode 15 and it was clouds. I believe is what it was called, which I really don't know. Where does anyone get the relation to that title clouds pass by I'm trying to be deep here, but no I I was thinking word. Yeah, if anyone understands the importance of that title, let me know because I really did not see the correlation but overall, what did you guys think of the whole episode? I really liked this episode. I really I know we've been hard. - about Randall's anxiety, but I actually really liked his journey through I'm with the therapist and how aerated he got and then came back around. I just thought was a very realistic depiction of how random would handle that. Yeah. Absolutely. I agree. I liked everything about this episode. It felt like an OG episode for me and the fact that we did get some flashbacks, but then we also got a good chunk of Kevin Kate and Randall in this episode. So that's what made me really enjoy it. Yeah. I heard so many people love it last week like so many people Oh my gosh, it was such a good episode and I felt like it was a great episode. It was a very chill episode. Yeah, like there weren't any heightened Stakes. It was very to me. It was great. It was oh gee, this is us. I really did love the therapist element for Randall. And yeah, I mean, I liked it a lot. It wasn't my favorite of the season but I definitely feel like the OG Vibes are is like, okay, this is cool. Like this is a good episode. We got the flow going type of thing. I feel like it answered some questions. And it kept it moving along you kept it the narrative having for it. Absolutely. Yeah, I mean it was fluid. It went very quickly. It was a really good episode. So we're going to cover tonight by there wasn't a lot of kids. So we're not going to do the young versus old really we're going to do Randall then Kevin and then Kate and then obviously we'll have some news and gossip and our tearjerker moments, which is replaced with I mean, it's 250 shoe one black 2pi 3pi 4pi all the plays. Exactly. So be doing that later on in the episode. So keep watching for that guy. Also, fun fact Ellen is on top of things and said the episode titles referring to Joni Mitchell's album Cloud. I should have known that what do you think the winner? Thank you. I would have never gotten that. I didn't love that something here. So I should slow. I really should have known that she's like, oh, yeah lightbulb moment. I was at least it's okay. At least it's not deep that we just all Miss right? Yeah that it wasn't like well the cumulus and the the yeah Rises and then it turns into too much too much. So obviously we're just going to like let the cat out of the bag here and just hit Randall right from the get-go. So let's have at it right now is getting a little bit team Randall not his Outburst towards the therapist but him being kind of thrown back by her being like Kind of Fanning out like yeah, I know everything about it. I watched she's like I thought was one thing to say I know who you are. But then she was like, yeah, I've heard your speech has all of them. It was a little it was a little creepy like, okay, you're so you're a fan and now you're my therapist and so I'm going to tell this fan everything about me. I felt a little like I could understand Miranda was coming from he and I almost took it on the flip side and that I took it more as she didn't like him that she's heard his speeches. She's heard his story and to me it came across. And it might have just been the way that Sterling K Brown was taking on the situation because to me I took what he was portraying as her reacting negatively when she when he starts trying to tell his story. She's like yeah. Yeah. Okay. I know this part about you. I've heard all your speeches and to me it almost made it feel like she was trying to get across that he was almost being shallow and not really diving into who he really is. He's just telling her kind of owe his here's my story like this is what Has been not actually telling his story. So that's how I took it as she was almost looking at him as a negative not like fan. Yeah. I took it a different way for me almost felt like she was giving him permission to like, okay. I already know this about you. So like let's not don't tell me the pigmented story that you tell everybody over and over and over again. Like I'm trying to get deeper with you. I was like, yeah very similar, but I didn't read it as negative a positive it just it felt like no I got that. I already know that so like let's just not even like you don't have to tell me because we all have our own narratives around our lives, right we and we tell it all the time like we it's got it SparkNotes. We hit every bullet point and We Know It And we say it so many times and I have a couple myself that I know I do so he ate just almost sounded like he was regurgitating things that he likes bounce off. But at the same time I did not like that. She even brought that up. Yeah because it's but she knew yeah. My thing is is like I mean, maybe it's just because we live in LA and we know there's so many like famous people that are walking around and you just kind of have to treat them. I mean, you should always treat them like regular people because they are and there should be a level of like confidentiality there and if she really wants to give a disclaimer, she should have done it from the very beginning and just said I know of you you can feel safe. This is all staying here leave it at that. Yeah. I think she should have either done it at the Beginning or allowed him to get comfortable and then kind of getting like hey, I'm glad you went here with me because I've actually did my research. I've heard your speeches. I knew about your story, but I'm glad you were willing to go deeper, you know, like done it. Yeah the two ways and I wonder I mean, I don't know anything about being a psychologist or anything or what not, but I wonder if you do have a high-profile client. If you are supposed to look into research in order to kind of get a diagnosis, but that A false diagnosis because you're only getting with the presses putting out. I really don't know. It's very fascinating to me but outside of her relationship with him. What did you guys think of how Randall dealt with therapy in? Generally he felt dealt with it exactly as I anticipated him to being just okay. I'm here. I'm going through the motions because all the people around me think that they know what's best for me. So I'm going to be here doing it for them. You know, I feel like Randall doesn't just do things for himself. He has to have a justification. Station behind it and some sort of validation to why he's there like he wasn't there because he thought he should be there. He right off the bat is like my daughter test goes to therapy. So I'm doing this because they think it's good it helps her. So maybe it'll help me. It's like it's never about him even though he makes it like it's like not about him but about him at the same time and that's exactly how he went about the entire process. Yeah. I almost feel like he kept trying to fake her out like outsmart her and I feel like I probably do Thing at the beginning or like rationalize everything like every point. He's like, ah, I see what you're doing. Yeah, you do that too cause anxiety and then I'll have to admit most like psyched himself out before he can even do anything. He like gave himself therapy receive therapy for guy. I feel like it was a very Randall response, but they're still kind of surprised by how like irritated. He was my he's so good with his emotions. And that was a little annoying though. Come on, and then you find out it's just a coffee maker that you can just turn off. I was like girl just like her. I knew I knew I know that sound. I knew it. Stupid painting you have the coffee maker. Just turn it off old magazines or 2017. I'm like God. So what did I don't have any new subscription? Okay. I'm trying to keep you all entertained with what I have. I didn't expect all of that from Randa. I mean, of course, he does come back and apologize. But the Outburst was alarming to me see and I think for me watching it just on full display. I don't know that Randall Randall knows he has anxiety, but I don't think he's ever come to terms with his anxiety because the way he suppresses his emotions and ultimately causing him to have these really like breakdowns these mental breaks that showing that he's never taken the proper steps to really address it and to get better. So I think it's because he's just never wanted to and this whole process now is the beginning of him really taking on his anxiety, but I think he very much feels uncomfortable with it and he's uncomfortable because he's never really wanted to acknowledge it absolutely anything going on for that too when he went on his like rant at the It's like I know I have these qualities about the myself but their good qualities. Like I don't want to lose him. I almost feel like he kind of I want to say he likes his anxiety, but I think he likes all the qualities that cause him anxiety in himself, which is fine. But I think he also is in such denial just in general or on the defense. Like I know whenever I get on the defense about something that I already know I'm doing wrong or there's something that I don't want to address or what not automatically come from the defense rather than like me to do, you know, it's a coping mechanism, right? So he's automatically trying to psych himself out so that he doesn't have to Like and I think with him like we just even went further with like his mom and we got even deeper into why he really started to develop anxiety and it started at such a young age that it was just like wow, this man has been dealing with this his entire life and is never actually dealt with yeah and the only like coping mechanisms that he does know. We learned that Jack introduced him to running which I think Jack it was a great tool running does help exercise helps in general, so So but that's all Jack knew obviously therapy was not yeah like it. I mean, it's just now and getting not becoming such so stigmatized. So I think it was cool that Jack introduced the to him and that he used it throughout his life and I don't even know that what's even crazier to think about is this time frame it? I don't even think it was necessarily just therapy that wasn't talked about men expressing their emotions, right? Yeah wasn't even a real thing at the time. You know, we even see it a lot in Jack that he always tries to be. Oh the man. Got to be the man of the family you might be the strongest and you have to really be the foundation of your family when in reality. It doesn't need to be that way. And so I think he was trying to do what he thought was best by he knew something in his son wasn't not not normal. But just like he knew something was off with Randall and he needed a way to cope and release it. So he just being a dad is like I'm gonna take him to run and I mean, that's just how they handled that. That's like a little Band-Aid almost class. It on it Stein. It's also interesting like to see how much children put on themselves. Yeah inadvertently because you know, Jack and Rebecca were amazing parents. We all have our flaws. They all had their things that they were trying to fix but like Randall just innately thought that he had to be the provider or the person and then like he took that on because other people were lacking in their time of grief when Jack died so it's like And he even talks about he's like if I don't do it then who's going to do it my family. Yeah, like they will fall apart and she's like, will they? Yeah, which that would set him off. Yeah, like little bit. You know what I'm done the text message. Yeah, which we'll talk about in a second. But how do you all feel about the conversation that Randall had with death after therapy? I was proud. I was more so proud of Beth because I can only imagine how difficult that must be to you're trying to cope with everything. That just happened your family as well from the break in to everything. Just your husband getting a new job you starting a new job y'all. It's family moving just everything she's been trying to be the rock of that family. And eventually that rock is also going to shake and the fact that she couldn't communicate with her husband because she was afraid that I was going to be too much that burden alone was just so deep in the two of them did an amazing job on screen to really depict this hard conversation, but I was just like I didn't I didn't see that going that direction and I do love raynald Beth's relationship so much because they do have those conversations and I think so many people when they're in relationships do the surface stuff and I mean we can even see that depicted in Kate and Toby's relationship that they're just now finally figuring out. Oh, we need to talk. Yes and like really talk not everything is sunshine and rainbows know and it's not like sometimes you do have to take a backseat to your partner once in a while, but it's snot in always situation and I'm glad that Beth actually like stood her ground. She's like no, I need this like please like Beth is such a strength for both of them for the family in general. And so sometimes people are so strong. You think they're okay and they don't need help and so I'm glad that she was able to admit like I have to take pills for like I am not doing well and I felt really bad for Beth. I never I also just disregarded her pain to think it's interesting how Randall naturally Because I see you do see a lot of and young Rebecca and in Beth that their personalities are very similar very much the emotional strongholds of the family. They are that rock other children look up to them. Like they are just the Pinnacle of their families. It's interesting to me though that Randall doesn't necessarily I guess treats Beth in the same regard that he treated his mom like he treats his mom almost as if she's always been fragile. And I think that's why he felt the need to always take care of her and be the man of the house and man of the family, but I almost feel Feel like he doesn't feel that same pressure with Beth and I think it's interesting because they're so similar that is fascinating. But I also do think that I think that Beth leads more Alpha. Yeah, then Rebecca does I think Rebecca has Alpha when she needs to like with a couple episodes ago where she went with kit with Mark and with Kate, but I don't think she leads from that like energy where I think Beth does because of what she went through with her father and they met When Randall was going through so much that she kind of almost started always has been that ya ain't taking care of him. She's always been the matriarch taking care of him versus him taking care of her. So it's little yeah. Yeah, it's really interesting but moving on from that or before we move on to that we obviously have to talk to you guys about our lovely AfterBuzz and the reason why we're here, of course, the reason why we're here is from you guys and for us as well because we are super fans of so many shows Haley definitely is we love speaking with you guys. We love that you engage with us on and off of YouTube. There's Spotify. It's amazing. So if you are listening on Spotify though, make sure you give us those fast ties and if you're watching our lovely faces on YouTube gives the thumbs-up or thumbs-down, you know, we're open I mean no no, no, the only only thumbs up will you accept all opinions? Just want to thank you guys for making us the ESPN. Oh of TV talk. There we go. Are you know anything of which in our chat? We have our let's go Oh Ellen also want to let us know that I thought the report card section of the little big three was really well done. It showed how each of them deal with that kind of pressure situation and I got like 100 percent. I love the way they did that scene as well. That is a good one. Okay, wait out of the three, who were you and you were kidding. You got your report card Randall. Mmm, definitely Randall Randall. Oh, yeah, maybe sometimes maybe towards Middle School like the age that they were in maybe a little bit of Kate when like other factors started to come into play was like, okay cool. Yeah. I'm doing great in school, but so-and-so made me feel this way. So definitely a toss-up between the two of them because I don't think I ever would have gone to a teacher and like begged for a grade change, but the way I performed in school through grades was Like a huge part of like I felt like reflective of who I was. Yeah, I think I did once for like, is there any extra credit I could yeah, I would have never asked him to just change the gray. I think I have like asked to do some extra work to like push it up a little bit but let us know in the chat. I'm curious which one out of the little big three. Were you growing up in Grace like a Myers-Briggs test? Which one are you before we continue one of the ways we keep all of our content for you the Listener free of charge is our amazing sponsors in today. Anchor is one of those sponsors. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchors going to distributor podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and everywhere podcasts are listened to and you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started before we continue one of the ways. Keep all these shows for you free is by our amazing sponsors. And today Spotify is one of our sponsors on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify as a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you don't miss an episode premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever they are and you can easily share what you're listening to with all your friends and following on Instagram if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Notify app and search for AfterBuzz TV on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure you follow us. You never miss an episode of AfterBuzz TV right now, so it should be or we can make our own true. Let's do it guys. Well, let's go on into a little bit happier or what is wait. Wait. This is a really okay with government. I'm sorry. She expanded and said for example, like I think she was getting the point across that it really showed how their older. Colonies became to be because she said Randall always tries and fixes his issues head on Kate runs away when things get tough and Kevin tries to divert attention away from the bad parts of his life. Wow guest host Tonight. Yes, she's proud of that thought. That was great really good. I lost my train of thought on that one Kevin and Rebecca happier times happier time looking for the word, but I don't know not silver lining or like the what is it? Whatever it's like happy but like sad it's not nostalgic. It's the word is on the tip of my tongue. I don't know. Okay. Well, hopefully someone can get to me in there. They were almost a little bit of comic relief, but it also like wasn't entirely comical the whole time but like yeah like it. Lived under that umbrella of the episode. I think it's like attempted to be the more lighthearted part or at least that's what Kevin's role is kind of to be to their fans Bittersweet. There we go. Obviously, we got to see a little bit of Kevin and Rebecca's relationship. First of all flashback with Kevin. I did not appreciate the way he talked to his mother. I know what he told. That was a cool. Yes. Yeah, like I don't think kids realize and I know I didn't realize the impact of like our words on our parents. Like if I was a parent that would have been a dagger to my heart. It wasn't dug into Rebecca's hug. I try so hard to take care of you to make you happy and live your best life and you tell me I'm not fun. My mama been like no, I'm not fun. I pay the bills. I wonder why so I'm gonna have your own fun. Have made this one stung especially hard because he said I wish I was like with Sophie small. Yes a comparison. That's always he knew what he was doing. Yeah. He did. Yeah, it is master manipulator. Yes, he knows that Sweet Little Smile will work every time and it did and it died beat. He's such a cute little boy. He's the casting is amazing. He's cute throughout his life. I'm like, okay Rebecca You Gotta Give In To little Kevin, right? Let's go baseball card shopping, but I love how the writers always still trigger. Or how their lives affected them when they're old. Yeah, like the line when he brought up like man you're doing this for Kate and this for Randall. Why can't you just do a little something for me? Yeah, you know, yeah and like it just the parallels that they continue in the show it never ceases to amaze me. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I loved that moment where they were like just blowing the gum and yeah doing the thing and he obviously like at the end goes to buy the card back and like put it in his wallet and that's going to be so special. Yes wiring down there are now one of the they did that for a exact reason. Yeah, exactly. Absolutely. Well their day out I thought was so sweet. Seasonal Carpe Diem Rebecca. I thought it was very cute their hunt for Joni Mitchell's how yes, I wouldn't eat that dangerous food. What's that? Dangerous food weight that food that you're always telling me Blowfish. Yeah. I was like, what's a dangerous food? I have heard that yeah. She said cool if I'm going to have all this I might as well he dangerous food. Yes, it was fun. But also at the same time it's like they're saying goodbye like oh, let's do all these fun things before Rebecca passes away. That's how I felt it was so for me, but Bittersweet really works because I was thinking okay, but they're treating her like she's dying like tomorrow or something. Like let's just get this all out of the way now and I don't know if I love that but I do I mean at the same time though, it could happen in like an instant. It could be like she's fine now and obviously we've seen The flash-forwards that it does get dramatically worse in a year. So I mean these are your last moments where like she still knows you and still remembers those little stories that she can share with you, you know, like and of course Kevin had just figured it out. He just found out that this is happening. So you kind of have to like and he handled it really. Well you did. Yeah. I think we're seeing so much maturity and his character which is very appreciated because I was a little Obstacle of Kevin the first couple of years but now like he's really really starting to round out his character and what I really appreciate though is that they still kept the value of who Kevin is in the family as a part of this when she was like I need you to treat me the same because I'm sure she's starting to feel it from Kate and Randall are ready. Just the way they treat her like she's gonna break in any second and especially Randall always just like if she forgets the smallest thing, it's Like oh here's the disease, you know reality like she is older. She will forget things. It's not always going to be it but I think knowing Kevin he finally I think it's figured out his role in their family and that was really special and accepts it because that's a huge thing to because she even was talking about like, I know that you have this gift and I'm sure also is very frustrating because sometimes you don't get taken seriously and I was like, wow that is really interesting that like sometimes our best quality is the one that we see As our downfall because we're either taken too seriously or not seriously enough or whatever that may be so I thought that was really like a sweet moment. I like these moments. She's having with the big three like like eight she'll uplifted her at the pool and they had their moment. I think Kevin really need to hear this from her because I think he really finds as a flaw that he's the fun one. No one takes him seriously and she found a way to twist the words around to like actually make him feel good about these things. So I'm like, okay, I think she needs to have her moment with Randall though. I don't think she's had that That moment you know, I don't think so. And I think we don't really see a lot of Kevin Rebecca in general like they're not close. No, he's not close with either of his parents. Really he just kind of live by the night kind of guy, you know, but then the Joni Mitchell house, there's the clouds referent I thought that was very sweet. Yeah. It was cool. It was it was much more real I want to say for I don't know about y'all, but for me living in California and knowing that those things are very possible I can just Go look in your phone and be like, where's this house at and basically go find it. And so that made it much more real watching it and kind of more special to me, but it was just in the fact that he was able he was like, yeah being a celebrity fast track to whatever you want in life. Yeah, like oh, well, I guess this is a perk but I really enjoyed when Rebecca because he was like, all right, I'm ringing the doorbell or whatever try and Buzz them and then she was just like well what Gates kind of open like that was cute. I was literally thinking the same thing. I was like I did that with Marilyn Monroe's house. Yeah, when I first came out here, I've got to look for you. Haven't done that yet it is. I will let you know where it is and you can also Google a lot of these like yeah star houses, but they're sold people live there like sorry you live in any kind of cows like yeah, I don't know what to do. But I really see this trying to take a picture of your house. Yeah, it's fine. It's fine. But obviously Kevin does remember Were the appointment and we get the results of everything any text string and on Randall's like it the peak of his argument yet anxiety and then he's like, oh he took her to the appointment is like I'm sure that will go. Well, it's like Brock. Yeah, he's almost unbelievable. I'm actually not to go not to backtrack, but I'm excited for them. Just really going to Hash it out next week just really dig in there. It's gonna open up the wound and pour the salt. And because that's where it's going. Oh, yeah, I'll tell you that but they finally got the results. We obviously knew that was coming and I'm interested to see what happens with Miguel as well. Like I know we're not in predictions yet, but he's there for the announcement but the future he's not there. So I'm like what happens in the interim between the two like where does he go? And also Nikki didn't age in the future just as a random tidbit in my brain like oh, yeah the future shot. Mickey looks Is Prime and Rebecca's laying in bed looking like these me have a charm or maybe I don't know but I was like, it's true. Hmm, you're only a few years younger, sir. You should look older but that's neither here nor there. But to round up the victory, we obviously have Kate and Kate Madison and Kate and Toby share your opinion on Kate medicine because I know that you were saying earlier that that was like your I love the conversation between Kate and Madison. I thought Madison had some great job. Especially about Toby because Kate at this moment in her prime of like Toby sucks. You know, I'm not accepting any she's like well, maybe could you think that you know, he's listening to what you're saying and he's you know is he not allowed to share his feelings should it be you know why she's had sex with Kevin because he saw her like he knew all about her know her flaws and still wanted her and so I thought that's an important part of a partnership because share your fears and be comfortable not attacked for and I liked that I'm all people it was Madison. Listen to drop this really intellectual bomb. I felt like the writers have listened to our aftershow and they're like we're going to use their gyms. Yeah and give them to Madison script version. I was like, this sounds very familiar of what we were saying. Yeah. Well and I still like because you know, I looked for the breadcrumbs and yeah she talks about. Oh, I've listened to x amount of podcast relationship podcast because someday maybe I'll be in one. It's like that someday and then she like there. Another one that I'm blanking on right now, but there is like at least two more that also hinted about Kevin and her relationship that I caught onto in this one and I was like, they're not saying these words accidentally but then also it was when Toby was like she's gonna be my sister-in-law is like you don't just you don't just say that but two weeks ago. You said me on the set. I still want them. I still want them to be I so wanted to be gotta keep your mind open. You know what we gotta keep it all open I evolve. Solve. Yeah, good show. She's a butterfly. Yes. I'm evolving. She's evolving with it. I love it. I also love to Madison's hand standard. Oh my God, like I really had me upside down at one point. I'm like no sister, but I like this version of Madison because I did not like her in the first few seasons where I didn't like her into the college. Shin agreed. That was the first time that I liked Madison because I was like, okay, she's actually like a person person. She's not just she's a narcissist. Yes, you no longer became really a one-dimensional character, right? We started to see more of her and we're continuing to do that and they're not making her to be quite Frank. She's just not as annoying anymore. Thank goodness. Yeah as more substance when she speaks and I actually want to hear what she has to say was the beginning. I was just like, oh this girl. Yeah. I'm like, yeah. Yeah she hit her. III Mark and she's like, okay. I got my stuff together. I get it. I got it. I'm there. My knowledge is different. It's different. We're focused. We're laser beam and obviously she gave some great advice about Kate and Toby. I'm hoping that because it came from Madison. And obviously we have our opinions about Madison. I think that Kate still semi has his opinions better to that the fact that Madison can tell her that advice she's like, oh maybe I really should hear her. Yes, and like listen to my husband and like Maybe he really did mean it well in like and we definitely did see her take all of that in and reflect it back to toe because she went directly back home and was like, look I had this Revelation, you know, like he was like how was brunch with Madison and he's laying there with Jack and she just realizes all this and him. My favorite part was her acknowledging her resentment for him and acknowledging the fact that he's probably resenting her because she's resenting him and like that's such a very true part in why? Relationships crumble is because something happens in your inability to communicate ultimately makes you resent each other and then there's almost like I feel like resentment is one of the worst things that can happen in a relationship because there's no coming back from it. When do you resent a person? You don't want to look at them? You don't want to be around them. You don't hear their voice you're just done and so for them to acknowledge this and then go together and look at one of the many great Toby gestures. I was like, this is special this is them being able to move forward. Was a very Jack gesture. Yes. Yes, very cute. I loved it. And obviously we saw the Flash Forward that it's a very just sticks around. Yeah, you know, I love it. We're running out of time. So I still want to get to our news and gossip our special segment and the prediction. So do you have the news and gossip? Yes, I do. Me and my boy Sterling we're best friends now, but no last week for Black History Month Sterling had this whole meeting with black press he wanted to talk about diversity and inclusion, especially when it comes to entertainment and actors, but also in General on this without telling us I have I'm sorry. Look at that right there. Yeah, so that's the squat and of course I had to ask because I'm such a this is a span and this episode. We actually got to see it before it came out and I asked him, you know in therapy you he was very open about that. He goes to therapy. And so I was asking him. Okay. When was it weird for you? Does your therapist know who you are and was that weird for you? And he said of course the first thing he asked his therapist was do you know who I am? She said? Yes, I'm a fan of this is us. All right, you just no problems. I change a little bit because it's just like, okay, so you're on Wi-Fi. He's like but I still love my therapist. He's like I didn't react like Randall did he's like I was a little bit more chill about it, but it's really cool that he had this experience and it was just a lovely time. He also just broke out and and random song he brought inside us for three minutes for how long three minutes he sang A Whole acapella song. I was a song. I did not know from the 70s. That was his favorite song grown up with they listen to his mom and he just broke out singing it. He's like it goes a little something like he's just like just hang up. Okay. I have a recording but I can't play it now, but it was great. Now you if you watch him on marvelous mrs. Mezzo, which I'm a huge fan of that show to he does saying a whole show. So I was like, oh you sitting okay, of course, he does looks really cool. Exactly. Very wonderful day about that guys. It's know. Longer one tissue to tissue three tissue for tissue five. It is one fly to fly people have reply fireflies every time for you guys that are new or if you've just forgotten our tissue moments are ranked from 1 to 5 1 to 5. I got so confused there for a second with my hands where one is up all those really nice. I was a heartwarming moment to five where You sound like the voiceover. She sobbing hysterically who would like to take away first. I walked through the toilet paper to you. All right, what is it? That's like I don't know how many but if that flash for when you see that Jack. Adult Jack is actually still using that music room and that Toby was having such a hard time relating actually gave him his passion and it's adult of world. So I thought that maybe be like so maybe does all come together. So yeah, that was my mind. Okay, I think I'm gonna do it just this. I'm just gonna it was to 300. Yep. So we're gonna go we're gonna go with two and yeah, we're just gonna go to because I didn't really tear up much in this episode. But what got my warm fuzzies going was definitely finally At the scene obviously. I was pretty passionate about that one between Kate and Toby when they went in and saw the music studio and she was very accepting of it. I thought it was pretty awesome panic over here. What can I say mine was to ply as well one two, yes. Yes, that's you were sobbing over that moment. You really were upset about the whole room, but mine is to apply because of the With Kevin and Rebecca in the car and she's like I don't want this day to end and he looks at her and says Mom, it's going to end no matter what like today is always going to end but there is tomorrow. So I was just like, oh that was so good. That was a very good moment. I know Debra little down a little and dabbing into our quick quick quick predictions predictions predictions. What start taking action to take it. I don't know go Paris pressure pressure. Yeah. Right. Now I'm down. I think that it's going to be a huge blowout between a Randall and Kevin. I thought it was going to obviously be the the cabin it was not but I also know this because I saw the previews for next week's episode. Yeah, see, I'm mostly my not really predictions my mostly Curiosities. Yes serious as to what their big blowup is now going to be I'm curious about Kate's health because I'm kind of on the side that a lot of people are on with the addiction of her being the one that actually passes away that we see in the future. That's kind of rice. And I think that Miguel actually might pass away before back as well. I think so too. Yeah, I think Travon not prevent problems. But I mean which might also infringe on her health. Yeah. Absolutely. Well guys, we have a lot to learn. We only have a few more episodes left. I think we only have three more weeks weird three four were done on March 24th. That's the last episode guys. So keep watching thank you so much for always being such huge fans of the after show and the show we love talking about this is up with you guys. My name is Kenneth screws. You can find me on all my social media at Candice our crews. Hey guys, I'm Paris Rose can find me on Instagram at Paris Rose Paris with two hours and last but not least. You can find me on Instagram Haley one. Great. Oh, no, that's my Twitter whole Twitter is Haley one Graves to Instagram Haley Braves with two s's slapped onto the end. Yeah, so guys, we will see you all next week by our founder Keven undergaro and me Maria Menounos would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz. Has TV. Remember, we're not just the first were the biggest in the world and were the only destination for all your favorite TV shows whatever your grave. We've got it. So go to AfterBuzz tv.com and check out our lineup Buzz. See you later. Hmm use express herein are those of the host only do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners of principle.