Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected. and seven recovered So, like I said that the cognitive dissidence was below a hundred. Once we pass a hundred people will start to worry once we hit a thousand which we will hit we already have a thousand cases. It's just as an because they're not testing for it's not in the database. We already have a thousand cases. So but once it once the thousand cases hit the John Hopkins database. Didn't the Panic is going to start? All right? But there's something unique going on in Washington now five of the deaths were in King County. And the other death was no home Mich County. I'm sorry. It's not snow whole mission. Tell me. And another data point that I've been looking at is what's going on in Iran Iran now has 1,500 cases 1501 cases 66 deaths and 291 recovered. So that's a little update on what's going on. Now we did have a case in Texas that was confirmed covid-19 think this was yesterday and was released by accident. So, you know how that happens is beyond me but it just shows the incompetency of of some of the protocols that are going on and the governor was upset about it, and then it was unacceptable. So We'll keep up on it. Thank you for supporting and and watching. I appreciate it. Have a nice day. Hello, this is Doctor Paul controlling to talk about the financial markets today. So we closed at about for the SP why we closed at about 309 .0909 just slightly above the 200-day moving average. So that's a good sign, but it's you know, we have such a violent sell off last week. This is just a little bit of a mean reversion. It'll start to staircase down like we were talking. A week and a half ago or so with brother. This could be algorithmic weird because of the RSI is way over sold and you know certain algorithms will kick that number in and then in start to buy. But as we start to see more numbers increase on the John Hopkins database for confirmed covid-19 in the United States. I suspect another drop in the SP. Why now in the currency markets the Yen did weaken a little bit so that's less risk so that it's So it's now trading at about 108. 108 .17 and in terms of oil the oil futures We're trading at 40 4829. 4830 4029 but the low was 43 so we have a little bit also of a mean reversion. With the oil price. So right now everything is trading in sync as expected if the market is going down the yen is is starting to strengthen. So it's showing risk and the oil markets also going down and when the S&P 500 is going up that oil Market is going up to so we have this positive correlation right now. It is me it stays that way. Sometimes it goes into Des coherence, but right now It's in it's in sync and but I expect another leg down on the S&P 500. So will will probably pass the go lower than $40 a barrel on oil specially when the numbers start to approach a thousand and Beyond in the United States for confirmed covid-19 cases. Thank you for listening and have a nice day. So I saw your voicemail so you want to talk about this stuff? Okay, so let's just let's just recap. Okay, I never received anything from Chuck Schumer or or Cuomo about what was going on in Buffalo in terms of the you know, the confirmed covid-19 cases. I've always believed. I've always believed you on it, you know, but they've never admitted to it, but I find it really odd that, you know shortly after you know, we talked and you know and Publishing that hey, you know, there is there is these covid-19 cases that we start getting corn teens in Westchester and Long Island. And you know now we you know, we have all this this problem in New York now, even though the one in New York is Maybe Right, so, you know just recap this because what I want to do is share this conversation. I want to share this conversation with everybody because people people are a lot of people are listening here. Alright, so we want we want to know We want to know what you're thinking and and you know, you know, especially in the New York area New York state area what you think is going on. yeah, but there's a lot of people there's a lot of people breaking that HIPAA law, you know, what's happening and I get a lot of calls behind the scenes and it's like the doctors are saying the CDC is you know to preventing them from doing the testing they really want to do the testing they have to fill out all these forms and you know, Anya for a while, I don't think they could even touch because the CDC test kits didn't work or something right? So I think people most places most places at this time most places at this time cannot test because they don't have the test kits but if they but they but the thing is is that they have to fill out all this paperwork to get the permission by the CDC to do testing. So the CDC has the overriding authority to do a test or not. And that's how they suppress the numbers and I don't think I don't think a lot of Americans understand that. Yeah, so visit some people home. They either don't touch them or they do test them and then if they if it's a confirmed past they don't tell the public and there's not a news conference about it in Erie County or Upstate New York or Westchester in all the doctors don't know maybe the person who did the Imaging those and the radiologist and the head nurse and the one doctor in the guy that owns the hospital, but that's four people out of In people in the hospital, but no, but if people think you'll see hazmat suits in the hospital and my wife doesn't have a n95 mask because they don't have them the nurses and doctors have one and 95 mass that they're they're fitted with when they get the job. There's not a box of them lying around we see that yeah, that's it that I mean that's many cases across the country have been seeing this that that this First Responders, huh? The First Responders don't have enough supplies. Because if she doesn't have a 95 mask and she's testing the people for this. They just lie, how do you how do you how do we how do you do self-isolation if she's treating people? That's the doesn't make sense. I don't think that you can come in the house anymore. Where we live? She's what do you mean self-isolation mean at the hospital? Well, everything just running through my head now because in the last week There's Been and not while she's working but like after or before her shift, there will be like the one case there was like dozens of people from Italy. They were students and their families in the ER and the ER filled up with people returning from Italy students and stuff. And like what are you going to do? When you have two dozen people in the ER suspected to have coronavirus, but you can't test them or you have to send the test Albany or the CDC and it takes two or three days and you have one isolation room and the people that are Imaging them and the nurses and the people cleaning the rooms the doctors not coming up in like hey Jimmy. I know you cleaning the room, but this person has stars covid-19. So where the n95 mask that we don't have Put the Hazmat suit on that we don't have. So at this point, it's just there's not going to be a quarantine. We don't have the capabilities and hospitals in America. Well that I do saying that I mean that's nothing new to me. I mean, I've been saying that from for four weeks now, I knew that there was going to be a collat. I knew there was going to be a collapse of the of the first of the two of the primary care what's going to happen when the two oxygens have to get sick in the rain? I'll just get set. Right right and then Minister the oxygen. Yeah, I know I did but I understand that but the thing is is you're you're talking about something that we've been saying for weeks ago that the primary care is going to break down and all across the country. It's going to be gone in eight weeks in eight weeks Primary Care is going to be gone. Well, I'm just talking about on average on average in the United States. It's going to be eight weeks in certain areas is going to be quicker. Yeah. Yeah, exactly it is. So I mean you're going to do we're going to be in 17th century medicine in eight weeks. and in America Even though it's not that badly. It's going to tell other people that need surgeries or people to living baby's going to take resources away from those people and when the doctors and the surgeons have the flu and they can't work that's going to the hospitals are going to fail. Well, I'll tell you what you were also going to hear it here is here's what I'm seeing because I look at all the pillars. We're going to have a failure of our medical system in eight weeks on average in the United States and some regions. It's going to be even in two weeks. Maybe three weeks the The stock market is crashing. It has elevated Vic's levels. This elevated Vic's level is going to cost so much Havoc. There's gonna be a lot of people laid off and the banking system is going to start the freeze up. Yeah, I mean look if you're already hitting we're already testing the 50. We're already testing 50 on the vics. That's the that's the volatility index and you know, right now we're at 36 37 today. But the last three days of trading a business treating days, you know, we've been testing that 50 if it blows through that 50 and we start to see 5560. You're approaching Lehman Europe. Watching a Lehman situation. Yeah, I mean, I think that we we are proud. Lee recession as soon as his it don't forget about recession. We are going to go into a depression. It's not recession. It's a depression because this is worse than leaving. This is worse than Lehman because with Lehman people didn't go to work because they didn't have money flowing from the banking system. People are not going to be going to work because they're sick no matter how much the banking system to starts pumping into the economy. You can't speed the transmission mechanism won't work because people are sick. They can't go to work. There's going to be problems like where your kid breaks their arm, but they can't go through. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. You're going to have to deal with your kids broken arm at the hospital, right Buffalo New York our nurses and our doctors aren't in those spaces. We don't have the mask and they're already running out of some antibiotics. They're already dealing with regular pneumonia from the flu dozens of cases every day in when they have to duck. People will start coronavirus show up in the ER and they got one quarantine room. Everybody's going to get it and it's happening more and more. There's no there's no precautions taken. So it's there's more cases coming in all the time. Well, I'll tell you I mean I'm concerned I'm concerned in it, you know, and it's going to get worse and worse and worse. Yeah, and the real numbers I couldn't tell you the real numbers. I just know because my we have thousands of we have we have a minimum of thousand cases that are floating around the United States minimum minimum. It's probably closer to two or three thousand but once they start having those test kits and the ERS have more autonomy to do testing and they don't have to get the, you know, get the permission from the CDC. You're going to start seeing big numbers popping up on the Johns Hopkins database. Big numbers, I mean these numbers are going to be climbing like 250 300 400 each day. Because they're going to have a throat. They're going to have a throughput of about a that testing a thousand a day. You know putting in one region are going to have school closures, I think in the next week or two. Yeah all over. Yeah, I'm telling you people have never lived through something like this ever ever in the the cognitive dissidence. That's what I think. Well, yeah, but the thing is no one's lived through the Spanish flu before. I mean and there's no one alive that can say that they lived through it because most of the people that live through and are dead or if they were if they did live through it. They were a little kid and they wouldn't remember. Yeah, I think a lot of Americans are under estimating. Yeah Health Care system in America to deal with something like this and not only that it's also a financial contagion. The people are under estimating. It's not just biological contagion. Oh, yeah. So it's a combination of the Spanish flu and Lehman It's a combination of Spanish flu and Liam in together and how it's going to destroy the Destroy This Nation. That's for sure. Soccer game you know, and I have this, you know, I've had you know, I've been a little you know a little upset because I'm stressed, you know, and tired and and and and what not, but I'm telling you. I don't think of Americans are ready for this and they didn't stand up when they could until the government that they're incompetent and we don't want this bio Patriot Act to come in. Because the Bayou Patriot, I don't know if I talk to you about this or maybe you've been listening to my channel. I don't know. I've been listening to what you've been publishing. But but you know, you know, you know, you know, but the point that I'm making here the point that I'm making is that the Bayou Patriot Act is going to be a rotation of our similarities and force vaccinations. and and create a Bundy mechanism for a larger governmental agency that will deal with pathological agents similar to what happened with the homeland security so I would not want I would not want the messenger RNA vaccine. Even if it passed clinical trials three, I would not want it because I don't trust it. All right. I just don't trust it. It's that simple but I do trust rinse Rim this fear or something like it. I would much prefer a therapeutic than a vaccine because at least you can detox from that eventually. Yeah, I think so too and I think that's the I wouldn't mind, you know, take a sphere if you know if it passed clinical trials, but right now according to doctors that I'm talking to their treating this with what is it called a chloroquine and Loper loperamide. Yeah, this looks promising. I've also heard reports of people recovering from this and it does look that great. Like I don't think a lot of people are aware of the original Stars what it did to you and that it had permanent effects like the original Stars about half of the health care workers. They got Stars they had to retire because they cook walk more intense stuff without breathing. Well, yeah because they got this permanent, right they get this permanent. During this fibrotic scarring reports of stars. recovery patients taking their shoes off breaking their feet or speaking of fingers that they can't feel it. There's a lot of lasting effects of coronavirus has that we still don't really know about right? Right, right. I think a lot of people have well, you know, I mean, I think the far majority of people they get sick I'm using the numbers that I'm using these numbers right now. It's just a heuristically but I think that five out of six people will have a mild case with me minor complications but one out of six are going to be deathly ill. Yeah, I mean that's still really high five to ten percent of people that get severely ill have to be hospitalized right the overload. It will overwrite Hill over ill overload the system and you'll end the in the First Responders are going to get sick. We don't have enough doctors and nurses that's the problem and once they're down once they're down with the whole system crashes and walking 10 those twenty five firemen and two policemen under quarantine unit nursing Hospital outbreak. There's also a hundred nurses. I mean how many nurses the nursing home employee, right what happens when all those nurses who wants to go work there? Right things like that are going to happen. How do you know I just you know, I personally have a very negative outlook right now with America, you know, they didn't pay attention. They didn't rat rise up and be prepared. They didn't rise up and tell their government that they're incompetent and they needed to you know to have Draconian measures and make sure that the flights coming into the United States were all shut down all flights in the United States need to be shut down all flights and and the and the government could be and the government could support the airline's agencies. Just giving them Federal funding to get past this this pandemic, you know to prevent bankruptcy and then they need to tell the Stock Market Force by the FTC. The FTC could basically say no Short Selling so that you cannot short sale and that if you're an owner, you know, if you're like a CEO and you have a lot of stock you cannot sell you cannot sell your stock and they could do they can unilaterally do this and then on top of that they are on top of it then they and then they can say that anyone that is in a quarantine situation and they can't get to work and they're getting behind on their bills that there is a moratorium on any foreclosures that the government will not allow foreclosures on their home or default of their credit cards and that they end up in the credit card companies and the the banks that loaned out the the money of our you know for loan business loans car loans mortgages. Whatever that there is a moratorium on foreclosures. In and and default and that there's a loan either loan forgiveness or loan extension and that and that if they do if they do do a foreclosure on people that there is going to be a breakup of the banks to the force them to be smaller. And that's the leverage that the government pays on the banks. See what the problem is is that the banks have gotten way too big and that if they fall it caused such such a catastrophe in the economy that are that we are way too Fragile with these large Banks. We should have never had these these Banks sizes like we have with Bank of America JP Morgan and Chase City bank Wells Fargo. They should have never been this big they should be broken up. They should have been broken up right after Lehman, but they did. It got bigger and so he got more fragile, but we don't have a government that has some Falls. They actually take control and with the situation. I agree with a lot of that is because I'm a trump supporter. I've always been but I'll tell you what his administration totally fucked up on this totally fucked up. I don't think it matters. What background you are on because nobody yeah, I agree. I agree with that. I agree. But you know a lot of people that are pro-trump the you know, They have rose-colored glasses on and they assume that he can do everything right, you know, so people that are listening to me might say think that I'm the reason why I say that is people that are listening to me might think that I'm just I'm a Democrat. I'm not I'm a Republican and I support Trump. But the point is he is failed on this big time Big Time and I don't think that a Democrat could do better, you know, because they don't they don't care about us they care about the bank's they care about the economy. The whole thing has been protect the economy and not the not the First Responders. The first people that we needed to protect in this country. It was the nurses and the doctors because if you don't protect the nurses in a doctor's we're not going to have health care. And they should have shut down all flights into this country a long time ago. Yeah, that cruise ships have been a huge problem to I think that we can look at the princess at the Diamond Princess cruise ship together really good pfr. In which I think will be about maybe three or four percent. They have about 30 plus people in serious condition and they had seven deaths yesterday out of 705 people that were sick. So sorry about a 1% death rate and there's over 30 people in serious condition. Like Ebola or something, but I think it's the death rate of round two or three percent in a lot of the people on that cruise ship for young like a third of the people on the cruise ship were the crew which were in their 20s and 30s. I don't know. I don't know but I think we got a major problem. I think the nursing homes to in Washington that's going to be I think that's going to end up really bad because a lot of the older people don't do too well when they get this. Never looks like it's going on that nursing home really bad. Let me know Americans didn't pay attention to me when you know and you know, she knows like mine they did, you know, the pre-prepared and you know do reach their congressman and stop this contagion. It's way too late now. I have a very I'm very pessimistic with about the Americans. Now the Americans are too lazy too fat and too, you know too self-centered the care about their house their boat their vacation their job. They don't care about their Community. They don't care about the elderly. You know, they don't care about the First Responders there self-centered they hoard. So my thinking is lit, you know, my thinking is this honestly you don't let the Americans die. Let a lot of people die from this. So maybe maybe that comfort zone that they've been in for so many so many decades goes away and they actually fight for their constitution and tell their representatives that there are a bunch of assholes and that they need to stop eroding our civil liberties. The American public the American public has been asleep for so damn long and too lazy to they don't deserve the Constitution. Did you see the Surgeon General was warning people not to buy your wear face masks anymore because the hospital's needed them. Yeah, but I've been seeing that from day one, but I've been saying that from day one. My wife Hospital doesn't go to Home Depot. No, but the no no biggie, but you're missing the point the supply that the wholesaler is selling the both the hospitals and Home Depot. Yeah, I mean the wholesalers running out of supplies. It seems like the stores won't be restocking on and 95 masks, but it seems like it's too late because the hospital's new American public should not have the American public should not have in 95 mask period until all First Responders have enough supplies. Yeah, I mean I personally have been buying them because they don't have them at my wife's work. So she's going to have to wear them that we could buy for her First Responders need to material far more than that the American public. yeah, but I mean, it's just an it's going to be a problem because there's no there's no surprise really they've run out and they're all the stuff made in China. The nurses and the doctors at the hospital. Are you only have a few at 95 masks? No, I you know, I I think Americans just need to die. They need to see death. They need to see destruction. We've never seen you know, we've been in Wars but we've always been fighting fighting Wars overseas. We don't know what death and destruction is. You don't know what it is when your home is bombed. You don't know what it's like where you know, there's that there's real real food shortages for months on end if not years. Americans have lived way too high on the hog, and it's time for them to feel the pain because they didn't they weren't willing to get off their ass when times were good and actually fight for their freedoms. So everything that I've been talking about is coming to coming to a head and Americans are going to have to feel the pain because they were too lazy to do anything about it. There are very there are very few. A lot of people trying to reach out and trying to help and try to say try to save this country and say the people but there were an awful lot. They were trying to pull people people like you and I down, you know, you know being trolls and in trying to discredit us and all this, you know, what let the whole goddamn country fucking burn. Because that's the only time we're the ones that the ones that are remaining the ones that survive through this will actually then fight for their country. So let America feel the pain. I'm hoping a lot of people don't die. But no big needed. I know they need to die because they didn't stand up for the country. They didn't stand up. They didn't they weren't willing to listen to people like you and I and many others that are on YouTube to actually step up to the plate and tell their congressmen that things are bad and they need to shut stuff down. They didn't do it. They very few people reached out to their senators and in didn't just ask, you know, you know what's going on. They needed to tell their their representatives what they wanted. It should have been shut down the the ports of Entry. It should have been make sure that all of our First Responders are stocked up correctly that the CDC is lying that the CDC is way behind the eight ball. But we didn't do that. But I've been I've been screaming about this for four weeks for four weeks that people needed to get engaged. But they didn't do it and now it's time for them to pay. The piper Americans are too fat too lazy and too stupid and the ones that remain maybe we'll fight for their constitution. So let it burn let the whole goddamn country burned down and then we'll rebuild it because it's not worth fighting for for most of the people that out there because they're too goddamn lazy. Weather situation in America kiss yet. It's not cool and it will it will it will I mean, there's no doubt about that. Just look at that. Look at the epidemiology of what's going on South in South Korea and in China that same epidemiology is going to happen in the United States. And it might be even worse. It might be even worse because moment half of America is unhealthy. I mean, I think I'll be worse because we don't have like Airborne for gauges and we don't we don't know it's not bad. It's not bad. It's Americans are unhealthy. They're too fat. They have diabetes. They have a heart condition. They're too old. They're all I mean, it's we got we got so many we have so many pre-existing conditions that this thing is going to tear through America like we had never seen ever before. Yeah, yeah and most diabetes most diabetes is self-induced. Most not all but most because people just keep on eating their bullshit food. Yeah, exactly. You don't let them die. Let it just burn down America because they four weeks ago that we'd be able to Galvanize and in stand up to this. I don't have any confidence now. Americans are pussies. They don't know how to really fight. Because it's you know, it's Dancing with the Stars watching Wheel of Fortune watching their fucking football. They don't deserve their civil liberties. exactly And I don't know if those factories are open to not but like there's a lot of people ignorant. They don't even realize that we're depending on trying to prevent us them and even if nobody here values and we just have no cases the China continues to get worse. We won't have medicines that alone will kill a lot of people leave horrible. I agree, but you know, the best thing you can do is protect your own family because I have no confidence in the American public working together. None. None whatsoever. I've made I was I naive four weeks ago thinking that people could Galvanize and work together and they're not going to work together. It's going to be a free-for-all. It's gonna be a free-for-all and I don't I don't trust anybody now. Yeah, there's a lot of people that it's not fake news. How can it be fake news? I mean you got Des every day now on the news, I'm gonna be fakers. It's overblown but it's nothing more than a common cold. It's this is bioengineered. It's that it's the common cold is not bioengineered. Yeah, we could have been a week from I don't know who's the leak from the lab. This is not zoonotic. This this is not zoonotic. This is this is bioengineered and it was leaked from the lab because if it's bioengineered it has to be from a lab. I mean, I mean if that's common sense. Because life is about that case and China have a lot of a lot of new coronavirus is we have no idea about the Chinese are constantly testing those canes lot of epidemiologists a those are like the most dangerous places on Earth new targets like higher security and nuclear facilities. There's one cave and Yunnan Province in China where the Kate has like different MERS different Stars. It has unknown Ebolas. Like they can't and there's thousands of different back different species in a mingling in those case. Some Chinese scientists are collecting samples all the time. The local population is even going into into caves around these areas. Even if we defeat this virus that is the larger issue China's does not have a handle on the coronavirus has that are in southern China. until you know and just You know, it's interesting I said I've had some cases have been calling in. We are there that you know, they think they have covid-19. They're getting a lot of red, you know, you know pneumonia respiratory issues, but their blood their blood count is showing an elevated a triple elevated white blood cell count. Which is odd to me. What does that mean to you? I'm not sure because you know, we were hearing cases they would be a lower, you know a lower. Well, you know the trip, you know, if you have a lot if you have a elevated white-blood-cell count, I mean that means that you have you know, a activated immune system that's trying to fight the disease, but triple the normal. It's pretty high. I mean, that's like leukemia. When you have leukemia, you have an overgrowth of overgrowth of leukocytes. But you know, it's odd to me it's hard because the case is that we were hearing were were you know low white blood cell count. So, I don't know what's going on anymore. It sounds like you know in a way part of me saying that's a good thing to try to you know to produce the antibodies to fight the infection. The urine is this person's urine is cloudy. The leukocytes are very high, which is three times the normal level. There's blood in the urine and the hemoglobin is low. Now the hemoglobin might be low because of me be an overproduction of leukocytes. I'm not sure. it seems like there's something there's it seems like that the bone marrow was activating the leukocytes and and that not focused on the red blood cells Maybe that's why the hemoglobin is low. But if you're having a difficulty breathing you I would think that you would increase your hemoglobin levels to try to compensate. Because it's a dynamic situation. If you're getting too much oxygen, then you'll probably down regulate the hemoglobin. If you could if you don't have enough no upregulate to try to you know, keep that oxygen concentration in your blood, right? It's odd. I don't know. I don't know but this person, you know is having a lot of you know, a lot of upper respiratory. Problems, but this person that I believe is it is sending me this text had kidney issues when she was young when she was four years old. So it's possible that may be related to that. It's really I don't know. It's really hard to tell how many people do you think we really have in New York right now? First in like mid-January there was cases after school started because students came back from China to the University of Buffalo and bus day. They came they went there for like the Christmas time and then they came back mid-January and then there was a bunch of them that came in for testing in I'm not sure if that died out because they felt isolated or what happened was that the who went around or what and then now recently people returning from Italy? I think the people returning from Italy because it's dozens of people it probably has spread already at the hospital door within the population just because They went back home. They've done everything one to malls and restaurants and returning so. It's probably spread the part tell really because they don't they don't release the numbers. I have a friend. I have a friend just sent me a text message just now. I mean literally three minutes ago. There's their cousin died from Coronavirus. He was in his 40s. Blue are quoted by riches are not testing for it. It's you have to either be directly from Italy or from China for them to test you. So it's really it's really hard to tell how many people there could be with it. No, I mean anything that's flu-like should be assumed to be Corona. Until other in we should error we should shoot first and then aim later. There's no time to be scientific about this because by the time you be scientific, you know and in a cross the t's and Dot the I's it's too late. It's better to shoot person in the name. Later. But you know, I just I'm concerned. I'm concerned. So one of the cases in Washington was was of a person that's been emailing me regularly. That's their cousin. It was this the Snohomish County Washington was the person that he was losing male in his 40s. His name is named John. He was at the Kirkland. He was at the Kirkland Hospital. Yea, like I said, like I said, it has been somehow affected my this this Wuhan covid-19. So if it meets the Swiss Alps, like half a month ago. It's probably an awful lot more places than we realize and you got the 24 day incubation at problem where you may not even have symptoms and but you're spreading it. And in the past don't always work, sometimes the case several times to touch people. They don't always have positive. I mean, you know what it is is it's a realization that you know, the scientific Community, you know with poor, you know, poor operating procedures for safety, you know can create so much havoc. The same thing with what happened with Lehman, you know, it was the financial Engineers. That's thought that they you know, they could engineer or their way out of risk, but then they blew up the whole economy the biologists thought that they could meet, you know manage risk in their P4 Labs or BSL the bsl-4 labs in the United States and realize that stuff can Gleek out because if you know poor protocols, You don't want and create Havoc across the world. I mean these biologists they did this. They should be lined up against the wall and shot in the fucking head for doing this every person at that. It was tied into engineering this virus and allowed that they'll allow those poor protocols to happen in these bio labs are have RA are an enemy to the world citizenry and that they should be shot for for stupidity and mail in and and and and gross negligence. Yeah. The rest of our life time. Yeah, just like 9/11 did just like 9/11 here. The alone losing your civil liberties. I'm more focused on losing our civil liberties. I don't care about people pushing a button on an elevator the civil liberties and you know focusing on the dark Constitution is the most precious thing besides our children besides our children. The most precious thing that we need to protect is the Constitution. Even locally, like locally. I see some politicians coming forward and rejecting like unsaved quarantine facilities our neighborhood as soon as a Republican and Democrats doing that but during the week in New York, we don't a lot of our politicians they don't say anything, right? I'll tell you you know, it's a problem. It's a big problem. Yeah, you know, but I got you know, I'm going to have to get going here. But you know, is there anything else that you want to share before? I publish? I want to see for people all over America that it's theirs. Any day from now until whenever there's going to be somebody from Japan or South Korea or Italy or France or Germany or Puerto Rico or wherever they are. They're going to be all it takes is one person to come here little town or your city. That's been the one of those places or some more summer can't her seller camp or or Southern California, and that's how it's going to start. It's not just it's not just foreign countries. It's also people from the United States that have been walking around in infected areas from people from California from San Francisco. Things are going to change drastically sooner than people realize and you're not going to be able to rely on the hospital's one day like I was saying if your kid breaks their arm in the hospital staff is sick and they're swamped with people with flu and covid you might have to treat your son at home or or Ari gets even worse what happens if you have a cardiac arrest and you need open heart surgery for bypass. Your grandmother has yeah, the people that have heart surgery planned in New York City for two months from now or in Buffalo. What are they going to do in the hospital has half a dozen people with SARS covid-19 in the hospital and they're out of n95 mask. And do you still get the heart surgery? Right? That stuff's going to start happening sooner than people realize so people just need to Prepare a few really having fun for paying our Reggie. It might be too late depending on where you are. But mentally preparing to for schools to close and preparing to how you take care of your kids and your grandparents things like that, right? I don't know. I just I I'm really pessimistic right now and hopefully I get out of this rut the last two days. I've been really pessimistic. Yeah, I mean, it doesn't look good at the hospital because I was inside look. It doesn't we're not taking it serious at all. So you talked about the society is not taking it. Seriously. No, no overall they're not but the people that are in the in the ER they are taken seriously. The First Responders are seeing this is a serious situation. I think the nurses and the doctors are taking a more serious every day. I think it's a wake-up call to because there's been such an increase in Buffalo. Okay. Okay. I'm going to I'm going to cut off your and publish but thank you for giving me a call. Please. Reach out again. Okay, because yeah, but okay. Good luck. Okay.