Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you Q-tips house money house money. Exactly. Exactly. There's not much better by sneezing feels good. No. Yeah a good Q-tip after like a couple days in the morning when you wake up and you go in there and you get a good good swooping now. I've seen away my ladies Q-tip looks at my Q-tip looks I think I create and generate a lot more earwax. Than her so I think I might generate a lot more happiness from the particular feeling but boy when I get in there and then I flip it over and I wipe clean it off and I go the other side that feeling it just feels like I'm massaging my brain when it happens my leg starts twitching. Yeah triggers like that dog muscle you just get that. Sorry. What what what exactly happens when the Q-tip goes in there? It would like starts twitching just a feeling I feel. It's like any deeper foxy Fox he's walking in just found out that his roommate barks like a dog whatever he puts a Q-tip in his ear which I respect. They try to say that there's a there's a wax you can drop in I guess the flushes it out or just wax on wax crime are of it's hot wax they melt they melt your in any case integrates the earwax. I don't know. I don't know how it happens. There's all these different styles of those baby things the pulls it out. Have you ever I've gone to one after I busted my eardrum where they actually Put like a little camera in there and take a look around it out. Like it was a tooth like the they didn't attack you. Yeah those rear so we still have those cameras where I used to work and there was a guy who worked there huge nerd the claim that his ears were super clean because you use the the wax gun every morning. We checked his ears out full wax we check mine out Q-tip and clean. It'll was huh. That's resold me. That's research right there. That guy's dumping wax into his wax field fucking here's telling us that are whack. It was disgusting. Come on, that guy's a nerd with disgusting ears big tips. Where'd we go back eyes and listen even his bride can't here's consumer. Fuck wax has endured as here. Loser. Today's Show is brought to you by seeking the greatest ticket buying platform on planet Earth and I feel good to be back in here and doing that to me because usually with the schedule have to do it by myself. I'm talking to myself. I'm setting it up by myself. And then the the rooms are sewed with seeds of Echoes whenever I say that and it's just one of those things where I understand that why not just use sounded very sophisticated and Nick Morado brought in my life. No less than 20 minutes ago on the bond, which you can also download after they show the Pod PMI nice little shooting should episode, but if you're going to buy tickets here on Earth or The moon you need to utilize seek because he keeps scans the entire internet and make sure you're getting the best tickets available. So you won't get screwed over he can shop with confidence. You won't get catfished. So what you buy is what you get. If you think you're getting a good seat. Guess what you're getting from our friends at seek a good seed seek sounds great seats to Elite people because your Immaculate utilized the sea captain right now use promo code Pat you get $10 off your first order promo code Mac if you get $20 off your first order wow. What's the $10? Yeah, 10 or difference nailed it. Wow, which one McAfee for $20 off pretty good? What is that? $20 off? Wow. What Tony come on? That's insane. That's a fifth of a hundo. I mean that's nothing to sneeze at you funny 20 laying around. What do you do you get jacked up about it. Now, you can do that with tickets and memories with her friends to seek, but let's have a little self awareness because we need both of these promotions that continue to run if you're rich. Use promo code back to $10 off if you're not rich yet use promo code McAfee and get that extra 20 bucks go do something. Awesome when you're at the game like maybe by drink for the person you're going to Comedy music Sports. You name it speaking of let's get to some sports talk right now. It is alleged that yesterday or the day before that depending on reports and insiders that Tom Brady and Bill Belichick spoke on the phone. I think the interesting advantage that the Patriots have over every other team that could potentially want to sign Tom Brady is they have the ability to talk to him currently there people could have met in Indianapolis. We're not a hundred percent. Sure. No reports came out that the Patriots met with Tom Brady's people Bill Belichick and Tom Brady though on the phone talking about his potential future. The Boston Herald reported that the call did not go. Well. They said that it went almost catastrophic is basically what the headline was saying and then if you listen to Adam schefter Adam schefter said it was business. As usual, what is it business as usual conversation between Tom Brady and Bill Belichick go like that is a very interesting question that I have. Boston Herald said Tom Brady Bill Belichick phone called Tuesday didn't go well, how can that be? What is Bill Belichick? Umm, what do you think? I've been watching you on the snap Jesus and that's what her in the face note and all that stuff. I've seen him in around you want to fight you see Conor McGregor? This is what Mike Davis on that. Can Tom's like yeah. I also just talk to Dana White on Instagram live. I've no idea. I have no idea what I'm gonna do and Bill you and Tom goes maybe I just want to see what there is and then imagine belch Echoes will fornicate you that hangs up on me. Imagine if Bill Belichick doesn't I wonder if Bill Belichick is getting the point where he's sick of this where he's sick of watching this now remember Belichick and the Patriots could have already signed this deal with Tom Brady. They could have already made them off or they could have Extended him they could have already made this thing be settled in that this conversation isn't even happening on every single sport show every single morning until it gets settled. This could have happened. It has not but this could have happened. I assume that's what Tom Brady's thinking is like hey, they could have already told me what's going to happen. They could have already promised me a couple more weapons that could have already promised me a lot of money. They have not so instead. I'm getting on Instagram live with Dana White and I'm having full conversations with him about being patient through the process. And kind of experiencing something for the first time in 20 years the conversations are heating up on where he's going yesterday. The San Francisco 49ers were the Talk of the Town. They were the team that Tom Brady was going through there in a trade Jimmy G back to the New England Patriots. Just the day before that. It was a Tennessee Titans where the conversation because Mike Vrabel was FaceTiming with Julian Edelman while he was with Jimmy Fallon and Tom Brady at the Syracuse basketball game. Every single team is still in play in the team that has been able to sign him and lock him up has not On it and that's the New England Patriots and whether you're listening to Adam schefter who says it was business as usual or the Boston Herald who says it didn't go. Well that is just a matter of fact that they have not lock Tom Brady down and if you're a Patriots fan with the things that he was saying to Dana yesterday, it's been a great ride for 20 years. This is my first time getting to experience this listening to him talk about his free agency for the first time really that via a Dana White Instagram live. Ation through a phone because Dana and Instagram got into a beef and he couldn't get Tom Brady on the Instagram live with him. So he did a via speakerphone that entire conversation made me think even more that there's no chance that Brady's going back to the New England Patriots. I could be wrong. I could be wrong and we have said that in the past like within the last two weeks because of how much this has been talked about in anytime you talk about something and you know dive into it there's different opportunities and conversation. Different places and we said just a couple weeks ago that if he was to leave this would be the biggest troll job in the history of professional sports worse than the decision was not granted. He did bring championships to New England six of them. He's the greatest of all time LeBron had one for Cleveland yet whenever he decided to take his talents elsewhere and go win but this has been a long drawn-out thing here between Tom and the Patriots fans and it just feels like every single day that we go by there's a new team that he's definitely going to and none of them are the New England Patriots and that has to be something that's a tough pill to swallow. Swallow up there in New England. It's not easy. But the Boston Herald the only reason they reported that it didn't go well is because Belichick told them to so that other teams could get some hope and maybe Brady's gonna come to us. If the call didn't go well everything's fine business as usual. So you say you think Bill Belichick leaked to the Boston Herald. Yes that the most Prime free agent potentially in the history of the NFL the most spotlighted topic of conversation right now in the NFL the first Relation that he and Belichick have had did not go. Well you think Belichick was like, yeah. I want to leak this out there. I would like to leak out that this did not go well so that everybody knows that yeah the teams that think they have them you still have a very good chance because it didn't go great. Exactly. The ultimate villain move is having everybody think that there's little hope and then snatching that hope a way that's what bell Chuck's doing right. Now. How did that conversation go? How did that conversation go? How did how did Bill Belichick and Tom Brady code? Exist, first of all, I mean for the last 20 years how they coexisted. They they seem to be very different individuals Bill Belichick could care less about his appearance could care less about how anybody thinks about anything like that. I don't think he's eating healthy. I don't think it does anything like that in Tom Brady is this alien of a human obviously enjoys looking good. I mean we all do he has a lot of these I mean just every I don't know how that conversation could even possibly go with Tom Brady knowing what's going on and how Belichick is going on knows what's going on. I don't think there's a single bone and Bella Body that begs people to do stuff and especially at this point when you're known as the greatest coach of all time. There's no way he's going to be bending over backwards to try to win over Tom Brady a man who he probably thinks like hey either stick around or go. I don't care like I think Bill Belichick has had enough with it all I would assume and that's probably how the conversation one. Yeah. We need to find out whose side chef ters sources on whether it's Bill side or Tom side to get the business as usual side. My guess is Bill would be the business-as-usual side guy and Tom would It leaked that the conversation did not go 1000% I think you're a hundred percent accurate on that. I I just don't know. I'm excited for it to happen. Tom Brady said that Dana White. He's got a vacation coming up here in the next ten to twelve days. He's going to get away for a little bit. I don't like know if that vacation is a Beach Town look for the Chargers to be back in the top. You know, I mean, did he enjoy his vacation on the beach? Oh, maybe he'd like to be around the beach a little bit more. Let's assume that he's probably going to go to a beach town. Maybe the Dolphins maybe be flow, maybe the Chargers and maybe goes to a beach and A picture of him not happy like that. He doesn't like this and maybe a better Tennessee Titans. I mean every little thing could potentially be a Blue's Clues. I'm World Tom Brady ends up. I think I've flipped completely and I think he's leaving are being he's staying in New England now, like I just like every well, it's like every day it seems like it's so obvious that he would leave now with with that coming out and all the 49ers stuff yesterday like it. I'm just starting to think it's just one big smoke screen and he is going to end up going back to New England. Yeah. I mean Connor said it like we get and I said yesterday we all get this hope that this Patriots thing is going to be done and it's going to kill them and blah blah blah. Tom's gonna be starting from week one. I thought he was gone yesterday. Me too. And here we are. I still think he's gone after that Dana White conversation. I think he's got now I have been on the train that he's going back just a week ago. I think he's gone though, huh? We got Tom seemed a little bit over it Tom on the Dana White call. Yea Tom's Dumber talking about it. But Tom don't know how to tell you this pal because of how you've played football for the last 20 years you potentially Gonna move is a massive or deal especially in the offseason. There's nothing to talk about we are being joined by in all pro pro bowler Superstar Big Country tight end of the Minnesota Vikings Kyle Rudolph and like Kyle a boy. Kyle Rudolph. Wow. Thanks for having me Pat. I hear a baby in the back and I see a bunch of game balls. Come say hi. Nice. What is this is daughter. Hi. Hi, beautiful. How are you? Oh my God, she's such a sweetheart. I know that if I have a child, she's going to be a nightmare. So try not to do that good for you Kyle and that's why I used to have more than one. Once you have three. It just becomes a circus and they kind of run around with each other speaking of circus. Did you see the circus act like this last night of nickel Linda walking across that volcano? I did not yeah, you didn't miss anything. That is Tethered. The guy was tethered. There was no danger involved. I have one question. I have to ask you mmm, you pushed off in that sense touchdown absolutely not we've talked about this. It's a reviewable play like the put the rule was changed for them because of what happened the year prior in the exact same stadium. So if anyone was going to get called for OPI and that situation it was gonna be me in that Stadium because of that rule. Didn't happen. They reviewed the play and we carried on. I just don't College sure look like you did something that George Kittle did in the Super Bowl. See I had my arm out, but I never pushed like like that's the thing as an offensive player. Like if I want to keep you there, I'll keep you there. That's not a push. Like, you know, they grab we hand fight all that. It's the extension. That's what gets you like if I just keep you at Bay now, I'm not pushing. Hey couldn't make it more clear than that. I mean what you just said broke it all down. Let's talk about the Vikings right now. You guys had a hell of a run this past year started out and then that big thing happened with that when your offense kind of took a change you guys want on an absolute heater, you know one more year with Kirk Cousins under contract at least 31 million dollars guaranteed for the next year. What do you guys think is what's the mindset going into next season? I know where early in the offseason what is your mindset going into next season for the Minnesota Vikings? Oh for us. We got to build on the success that you mentioned on the offensive side of the ball from week five on you know the first Or weeks of the Year. There were frustrations we were to into anytime you have the amount of talent that we have on offense and your two and two and not everyone's producing up to their own personal expectation, you know tempers are going to boil over you're going to have frustration that's life in the NFL. But then you kind of see our offense takes tried from week five on and we know our identity as a football team, you know, we got to run the football and then we take advantage of the Run game with Boots and play action. Using that's what makes Kirk so successful. He's comfortable outside the pocket and vice versa. We know what makes us really easy defend and that's exactly what he did against the 49ers in the divisional round, you know, getting behind getting into a drop back pass game allowing all these talented rushers in the NFL to get after Kirk. That's when we struggle and you know, the formula is there we know we have to do to be successful obviously from year to year rosters change guys come and go but we feel like we have a really good core. Group of guys here that are currently under contract for next year and we can make another run you guys were fun to watch. I mean that offense was fun to watch whenever it was humming seeing Kirk Cousins kind of I don't want to say reach his full potential that everybody thought he had but it was fun to watch you guys. You guys lose your offense coordinator. He's now head coach for the Cleveland Browns. He's probably never to be heard from again. Now he's but losing stefanski. Hey, what type of Coach are the Browns getting and B. What does that affect the offense and what you guys are going to be able to do next year? Off for us, you know as an offense, this will be our fifth coordinator in five years. Yes, we've had some carryover in terms of Pat was here with North. So he knew what we were running the year before and then flip comes in Kevin and now we moved on to Gary and and obviously Gary was here last year and kind of was overseeing everything and we ran a lot of the Kubiak Shanahan systems. Hi. If stuff so, you know, it won't be a huge transition for us from a terminology in a systems standpoint. But again, it's another transition from year to year coordinator coordinator. So it's you know, the first of all that's what the Browns are getting in terms of their head coach. They're going to get a really really smart talented buttoned-up sharp, you know, he's been around Sports his whole life obviously his dad being incredibly successful in the NBA. So, you know, I think he's ready for for this opportunity to be a head coach. I knew that his dad was obviously very successful in the NBA. I am a sports show host. That is something that I obviously knew. What is Dad doing here. So his dad was in the front office like all through the 90s with the Sixers and then I'll hi currently the GM of the Detroit Pistons doll. They staked out and not because of mr. Fox the guy we got in here. The new CBA right now is obviously a Massive deal for everybody involved in the business. That is the NFL. Are you a player rep and if you're not have you read through the 450 page seemed a proposal that the players are supposed to vote on. I actually just printed it out to try to read through it because they said they were going to send over the vote thing and I think my printer ran out of ink you can even Zoom big enough on an iPhone to read all the fine points that they have in there. I know I'm not a player rep, but you know, I'll try. Try to read through the best I can and educate myself before I make a vote dude, whenever like little pieces of information were being leaked in a PR War whether it was through schefter or the people at ESPN or insiders who are obviously getting their information from the NFL and then every once in a while player was going to leak some things it became is PR battle and all I kept saying was like, hey, this is going to be like a thousand pages long worth of stuff and it actually can it's 450 pages and you got a lot of players that don't do the school. Decided to hear how many people actually read through this entire thing and take their vote actually seriously. And do you think the oh jeez and Annabelle yourself included men who have had a lot of success who have been there done that for a lot of things the business side of it and on the field stuff off season in season on stuff. Do you think their way their words are going to carry a lot more weight than people think or do you think this is going to be something where each guy is voting individually? Well, I mean, I think you're going to have your guys who don't want to be influenced. They want to create their own vote their kind of own opinion, but I went through the same situation when I came into the league in 2011. We were currently locked out when I got drafted and you know, I looked up to guys and our locker room like Steve Hutchison Chad green white guys that have been in the league for eight nine ten years and kind of what to do where to go, you know at the time I didn't have a vote because we had just got drafted but This kind of feeling out the whole process and what that was. So, I hope our young guys will lean on the older veterans the guys that have gone through this before and make an educated vote instead of just because like you said, it's 400 and something pages. I can't tell you the last time. I read a 400 some paper and I'm Notre Dame educated so I dropped out these me Steve I talked about this a couple times whenever the CBA negotiations were just starting and how they thought they were gonna have a deal done early was the original reports that the NFL is putting out to the kind of put pressure on the nflpa. There was a lot of regret with that last CBA that was signed like the year following the CBA being son trips home on flights in the locker room. There's a lot of regret. There's a lot of buyers. Remorse in the people that sign that that's why I think whenever the old G's speak. I think it's a lot more important than what people are thinking just them being greedy. It's like well, they've been there done that with this one last time and they heard the conversation from everybody afterwards. I was like, oh, yeah, we got screwed in this thing and I'm assuming that a lot of people are trying to do the same damn thing. Well, I think to you've been around this league long enough nothing gets done until the 11th Hour the NFL can say they want to get something done early the PA can say that we're going to try and we're gonna convenient try to get Something done early, but when has that ever happened, you know until the pressure is on and it's going to get to that 11th hour. We'll see Kyle Rudolph. What are you working on for Kyle Rudolph to get better you're in what you're now nine. You're going into your heart going into your 10 going into your tank. You're an old man. You're in great shape by the way, great shape your obvious. Are you're a big white tight end. Obviously, you get take a lot of hits. You gotta block you got to do a lot of things. You got to be agile. You got to be athletic. What is something you've added into your offseason routine or your work? Routine that you never expected you would have been doing whenever you're younger coatis really it's hard sounds impossible. It's like yoga but with weight right, isn't that what Pilates is? Yeah. Well and it's like it's your on those reformers. So a lot of it is just your body weight. I compared to the old like Chuck Norris Total Gym. It's a similar type machine and it's literally the worst hour of my day. I do it two or three times a week and And by the end of it, I've never felt more defeated in a workout without touching a single weight. Like there's not a weight. It's all your body weight. A lot of it is either on the reformer on the floor and it's tough. So I had my fair share of surgeries in my core hamstring all that kind of stuff and it's really good for that. So in year 10, I feel like I'm in the best shape of my life physically and I credit that to a lot of the different things. I'm doing now than when I was 21 congrats by latex. Is not easy especially in a banging position like tight end things got kind of do you take offense to Adam thielen tweeting Kirk Cousins every single morning. Good morning. Looking for more targets. Yeah. You're probably not going to get the ball this year. Yeah, I'm not that's not my style. I tend to just go with the route of if you throw it to me. I'm going to catch it. So you might want to throw it again. That's just that's been the way I've done things with all 10 quarterbacks that I've played with in nine years. I've never had to go to court. Yeah Kirk was number 10. Oh God, we make fun of the Browns and we make fun of these other organizations 10 quarterback for the Vikings in the last 9 years. I would have never guessed. I would have never I didn't even know that was it. That's insane. Nobody talks about that when they're talking about the greatness of Kyle Rudolph. Well, thank you. Yeah 10 quarterbacks and I think this is my sixth offensive coordinator. So we've had our fair share of shuffling on the offensive side of the ball over here in Minnesota. I remember back in the day and it seems like it's a long time ago now because Ted he's about to be a free agent for the New Orleans Saints there was talk about him changing the game before he got hurt out there. He was like a MVP consideration and got hurt in training camp I think in and I'll change from there. Do you still keep in contact with Teddy? And if you don't what do you expect from teddy as he goes forward as being a starter in this league once again, I do I do keep in contact with heady. We obviously played in the playoffs last year, but we play in the preseason as well. So I get to see him beginning of the end of the year. And that was one of the more unfortunate things that I've ever been around in sports because he had such a huge coming off of a Pro Bowl appearance. He had such a great He sees in that year and it was kind of from a Minnesota Viking standpoint the keys to our offense were being passed from Adrian to Teddy up to that point. Our offense was Adrian Peterson 30 35 times a game and that torch had been passed. It was Teddy's offense. And unfortunately, he was hurt in training camp that year. So to see Teddy bounce back and to put the work that he's put in to put himself in the situation. He's going to make a lot of money this offseason and a team is going to get a really really good quarterback and the future of their franchise because he still is Young. I mean he's in his mid 20s. He's got a lot of football left. I've never seen a free agency frenzy like it is right now with these quarterbacks. I mean everybody's on the shopping carts it is it's absolutely nuts. It is insane if you followed along at all a little bit, you know, I've always been a football fan. So, you know following along in the offseason. I'm following along no more than just a fan and I remember a couple years ago when we had the opportunity to sign Kirk and free agency it was While because you know to that point the last quarterback to hit free agency was like Drew and o6, so you don't see quarterbacks that have been franchise quarterback hit free agency very often and this year that seems like there's 10 quarterbacks that have either been a franchise quarterback or could be a franchise quarterback in free agency. It's good for the NFL keeps us talking about it. And that's what the NFL absolutely loves. We got to get to a hard out here. We can't thank you enough for joining us. You're the absolute best. Enjoy your Pilates. Enjoy your push offs and have a great day. Thank you. Hey, you push that guy I did not your daughter's in the room. Do not lie. We can ask her. She'll tell you was in session. Ladies and gentlemen animal Kyle Rudolph. Thank you Notre Dame educated. He's good. Dude, man. Great teeth. I love Kyle Rudolph handsome. Great. Teeth Pilates guy good football player. By the way, I'm a Pelicans fan now. I assume we got a lot of New Orleans people watching I had to take a stand for my good. You're not a man to take a stand for my people. My people in New Orleans are tired of losing in vicious ways. And Kyle Rudolph was one of them. What was the last time you were driving through a storm and thought you know what I fucking love not being able to see what I drive never. Yeah, you probably have it now driving in bad weather doesn't have to be a headache. Thanks to the new Michelin endurance XT silicone wiper blades these blades last through everything to prove it Michelin just put their new endurance XT silicone wiper blades to the ultimate test on a world-record breaking sixteen Thousand Mile Drive from Alaska. Argentina to show just how durable these blades are Rainier zeit Lo o unit unit of a man. Okay. We finally googled this rainy as I we've heard about Rainier Xylo. We know that if Rainiers Light low is involved and it's a vehicle. This is some real real shit going down. We googled it Rainier Xylo looks like unit of a man Rainey was like Lo was the man behind the wheel and he put the Michelin endurance XT silicone wiper blades through ice snow rain. Thunder feel the Thunder lightning and the thunder thunder in the wind in the blades took all of it. These boys are crafted for extreme weather performance with an advanced quad tech for layer coated silicon that went repels water snow and ice and last two times longer than the other blades the Michelin endurance XD silicone wiper blades are real world proven for extreme weather performance upgrade to the Michelin endurance sexy silicone wiper blades today. I believe there are only at Walmart. Go check those out to get back to the show. We are now being joined by a man who was Tied for the league lead in touchdowns as last year a man who burst it on the scene in the back field of the Green Bay Packers got screwed out of the Pro Bowl and was never mentioned during the MVP talk except for on this show. Ladies and gentlemen, Aaron Jones. And we're good man. We're trying to get ahold of you there. I think there's a little bit of a tech issue. We appreciate you kind of waiting it out and staying on the line with us my brother. Oh, no problem. What are you up to right now? Where you at you at home you on vacation? What's going on there in Jones's life right now for the offseason. I'm at home in El Paso, Texas just training getting ready for next year. What is training like Marion Jones? We sprinting we do anything weird. We do any weird workouts. We just had Kyle Rudolph on in the last hour. He said he does Pilates weekly that has really helped his Is there any weird exercises that you do or is it old school Olympic lifting type stuff? I do a lot of symbol like stuff just just because when you get back to the boat feet if you're strong on one leg when you get back to both feet, you'll be outside. You'll be great. So that's something I like to do and when you get both feet on the ground and I feel like it's over there if you're equally strong on both sides. Why did you take this massive jump this past year. Is it because you weren't given the wrong? Rock earlier or what do you think it was? Was it something mentally was it physically was it the scheme? What do you think made? You have so much success this past season with the Green Bay Packers opportunity mixed with the help from our teammates. I mean, they did a great job the whole blocking unit everybody a just making sure that I could had length to run and I could pick and choose wherever I wanted to go. I'm still bummed that you got yelled at for waving in that guy's face. I think that was I think that is something he could have potentially became your signature move. Oh man. It was worth the fine though. I got a good picture out of his soul. I mean I was just it was just in the moment. I didn't realize I did it until after them up. Oh man. That was it was pretty cool though. Yeah, I have any could have been a personal foul. I guess is what everybody told you and you got fine for it. But hey, we're in. Show Business World here of sports you lit it up and Dallas. That's just one of them. That's a great move. If I was ever able to just run away from another human like that a professional athlete. I'd probably attempt to wave in their faces. Well, I wish you would do more of that Green Bay Packers made it to the NFC Championship got slaughtered there, but made it to the NFC Championship. What does the team need to do next year to kind of take that next step obviously to the Super Bowl. We just got to come out. We gotta play together offense at the feet out for the defense defense has to feel all the special team. Just just play together. Either come out with a lot of energy just fly around I just feel like that was lacking a lacking a little bit, but we got the guys in the locker room to get get right get right to where we need to be. What year is this for you you're going into what you're for. Okay. So you're going to hear for a lot of the ogs are around for the last CB a conversation of come out very against a lot of them have been very against the new CBA. You're a younger guy. I don't know if you've gotten broken off yet. I don't think So going into year four, what are your thoughts on the entire? Sea be a negotiation. Are you listening to the older guys? Are you kind of doing research for yourself? Or is it a combination of both It's a combination of both because a lot of those a lot of the veterans were there for the previous lockout and they know they know what it takes and they just want the we just want things to be fair. So and then you also have to always educate yourself as well. So, you know what's going on you can Talk about and everything. So but I do both we got great leaders in our locker room great veterans. So they keep us they keep us updated. Thank you, but they so we're in the loop and we know what's going on. Are you going to read that 460 page proposal? It's gonna take me some time. But I am by the way, I think you have to say that you're going to publicly that if you were going to say no there I think some people would like not us because No way in hell if I was in the NFL right now, I'd be reading that 460 page thing. But as soon as the player says he's not going to read it. The pundits are going to be like this is the problem with the players. They won't take the time to read the 460 page proposal you get paid so that was a great answer by the way. I'm happy. You said that I'm sorry for putting you in a position to potentially look terrible. It's okay. So did that come through your email like you got an email this morning from the nflpa that said Hey listen, this is a long one. We need you to read the full it to see what's going on. Is that how it came are what was the the delivery process of the new CBA? I just got a link to my phone text text it to me and then I just clicked on it and started reading right away and I'll find it pretty interesting. Like this is my first time ever going through something like this and I just found it pretty interesting and you see a lot of changes, but it's not used. I mean, but it was pretty interesting to see how business works. What was your major in college general study? What do you plan on doing after football? Have you even thought about that or you so just involved with football right now? You haven't even thought about that. No, I think about that. I won't either get on get on to TV or coach so I could say stay close to the game whether it be talking about it or developing young players. Is this the first time in your football life Love the game of football. You've played your entire life. Is this the first time that you've kind of been dropped in the world like hey, this isn't a game. This is a hundred percent business. And how was your reaction to that entire thing? I mean you always hear about how it's a business when you act when you're in college and things like that and you don't really understand it until you get there. And you start you start seeing things happen and you see so many guys come and go and then just when you thought you'd seen it all. All something else happens something new happens in your like wow, you just continue to learn and grow on the run and you really see us a business. What is Aaron Rodgers meant to your career thus far because Aaron Rodgers come out and spoke against not only the CBA. But Aaron Rodgers is also came out and spoke about how great you were this year how great the Packers were he's kind of had this Revitalize energy about football with this new hiring of the floor and with how good the team is potentially. What is Aaron Rodgers mean to a young guy. Karen Jones, he's potentially about to hit his real superstardom. I mean hearing is a lot to not only me but a lot of our all of our running backs, I mean and our room we never really had a bet we came in young so we never really had a vet in our room. Nobody look up to but hey Rod, he's a true leader. I mean he I remember my first time going on the field. He was like, I'm one of your biggest fans in this organization whose like now it's time to get the job done. And when you hear that when you hear that from a future Hall of Famer is going to do nothing but wonders for your confidence. So that's in the Huddle. Where is that when you're standing next to each other and he's in a shotgun or something like that. That's what that was. My actually my week. It was either week four or five running on the field for my first offense of snap. What a cool moment. That is just jogging on the field. You have a goat next you like. Hey, man, I just wanna let you know I'm a massive fan now it's time to Show the world basically and that is just that has to be so powerful. You don't hear those stories about Aaron Rodgers, by the way by the meeting. You don't hear those stories at all. You hear about him being condescending or saying something bad. You never hear people talk about hey, hey how he instilled confidence in a got to basically go have his best career. He's ever had that is a magical moment. Is there any other moments like that that you can recall my first time walking in the locker room right after we I got drafted there's a box of shoes for everybody in their box of the pair of Adidas in there. For everybody and it was even a I have a twin brother is even an extra pair for him. So I was like, wow like just do really cares. That is awesome. What a great guy story never comes out about that. I'm excited to watch the Packers take the next step. I want you to enjoy the hell out of your off season. I'm excited to see if you vote Yes or no, and I can't wait to hear how long it takes you to read four hundred and sixty pages of BS. I'll be reading for a little while, but I'll get through it that I we're proud of you ladies and gentlemen, Aaron Jones. Thank you Aaron. Thank you for having me. Hey, no problem. Cheers man. He is our I'm a big fan. Hey, I will let you know. I'm the biggest fan of yours in this organization. Now, it's time to show the world. Yes, sir. Cheers, dude. Have a great offseason. He's very cute. Yeah, no problem. He's really good at football that 460 pages though. There's no way in hell, I would read that if I'm in my fourth year third year second year whatever it is. I mean maybe when I was in the substance of abuse policy, and they wouldn't let me do anything and I'm just sitting at home all by myself with the lights out. Maybe I read it then but boy that is a lot of reading to do and they said they got a week right to get their vote in. I was going to say how do they expect guys to read 460 pages of this just dense stuff and like eight days and by the way, they're gonna get buried if they come out and say they didn't read the entire thing people would be like, well this why the NFL gets better deal because players won't even read through the entire proposal. It's like 460 some pages. There's no way there. I mean that is you gotta do what you gotta do though. Hey for the better of The Shield. For the good of the players, you got to read foreign 60 Pages. I'd look at them go like somebody else can read that. Let me know some of them like a book on tape thing SparkNotes type thing. I wonder if there is like a podcast type thing of it. It's Richard Sherman will yeah. See that's the issue though. People are talking about how they should make like Spark Notes version or a bullet point version. It depends on who's making the bullet points, right David bakhtiari put out a tweet last night that had all the reasoning why he thinks it's a bad deal. I don't know if he wrote it or who wrote it, but it was Like very in-depth and it's like, oh now I understand what players are voting. No, but if you listen to Nate's older and he puts together his bullet points. It's like oh this is a good deal. So now you have to trust who's putting together the spark notes version of that or the audiobook of that. It's like nothing can be trusted right now. I have no idea what the hell's going to have hired a fan Tweenies. I should I care about the new CBA at all as a fan. I'm like, well, I think you should I think you should strictly because how the players feel about it, maybe players going to retire earlier because it is it's going to affect the game do you get more game? To get less games. You have more players hurt. Are they going to play less games is the business going to be good a price is going. I mean, there's so much to be affected in the sport of the NFL and for strike happens. I know one thing and one thing alone, the players are not going to be liked by the player by the fans. That's just the way it goes. So sorry to interrupt this incredible conversation that you're listening to we hope you're enjoying yourself. If you are tell your friends, if you're not just don't tell anybody about it just act like this show ever even existed and I want to let you know that when you use zoom, umm, every day is a little bit better. You heard that every day. There's a lot of days. Hey 365 them a year except for on the leap years 366 which we are currently on. So 366 days every day is a little bit better Zoom Video Communications with the web's best reviewed video conference service used by millions to meet one-on-one or hundreds at a time zoom video conferencing. Let you connect face-to-face with anyone across town or around the globe with Flawless video clear audio in instant sharing of files video anything. Oh, well, he has his first show hmm. We should your them Flawless video. I know Francesa was big on this this is this is what it was blue chip stock. Yeah makes sense because our FaceTime is not Flawless video. No, it's not people think that that's the answer for these group video conferencing sounds like Zoom is the right answer for All is video. It says and clear audio and you can connect through any device desktop laptop tablet smartphone or conference room system. Whoo. Holy shit Zoom video conferencing Zoom room Zoom video webinars and zoom phone put state-of-the-art Tech at your fingertips and let you do business at the speed of zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom. zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom Video Communications. The only question I have is why not. I'll make it super easy for you visit Zoom online and set up a free account today try the most affordable and most reliable video communication Solution on the market meet happy with zoom zoom zoom. Zum-zum zum-zum back to show this guy Nick will andhe will lender. Wallander whatever his name is he's from the flying Wallendas. I've done my research on this guy the flying Wallendas that was coined that name in 1940 by the Press. He was actually a part of the family called the Great will end as before that a family of daredevils in a circus act family that you know travels around and does things that captivates people's attention in blows people's minds and I would assume that people at ABC that signed on to do this new of the grandpa or Great great grandpa that used to do wildly crazy things but in the world that we currently live in nothing that he does is impressive and I sorry Nick I am very sorry. I I respect the fact that you believe in the God and you've written a book and you're selling all these things and I respect the fact you think of these Grand ideas, but if I'm going to be sold on death, which is what a daredevil Act is being sold on on death. I don't want to turn on that thing. Especially in the middle of the best crap television time of year, which is politics right now. I mean, it's just great crap television out there. Let alone Zion and Luca playing I'm being told to change a channel to ABC because there is a daredevil doing death-defying stunts and I turn it on and this guy's walking across a volcano with a gas mask bigger than laremy tunsil and I'm like, oh, this is cool. This is really cool. But just like when he walked across, Niagara Was in just like whenever he did the building, it's hard not to look at him and be like look at the volcano be like, this is cool. And then you immediately see that tether that's just right behind them. And then if you have a brain all you think is like oh, so if he falls nothing happens if he falls he's just bungee jumping over top of a volcano which by the way really cool like kind of jealous of the guy getting to do this. I was jealous of him when he did it tonight girl falls. I was jealous of him whenever he did it the buildings. I'm jealous of only does over vote. Okay, no, and I'm not saying it doesn't take a massive Cuts act to get up that high in walk on a very thin line, but it's somebody you know that Skydive and has bungee jump before like yo, it's very scary. It takes something to really get up that high. So I respect it. But when you see that tether behind it, it is not must-see television. This is not Prime Time cable network ABC television, maybe whenever his family back in the day was doing this stuff without the tether and there's a chance now. Listen, I'm not wishing for anybody's death, but if I'm being Sold on death-defying stunts. I would like to know that that first word is possible and if it's not possible, I feel like I'm lying to I'm feel like I'm being scammed and there was no chance of Nik Wallenda experiencing anything bad last night other than completing a thirty one minute walk across a volcano congrats put that on your Twitter bio or he went bungee jumping over a volcano, which is cooler than anything. Anybody else has ever done. Here's five things that just came to the top of my mind that are more dangerous. Worse than what Nik Wallenda did last night. Okay, number one licking your fingers while giving a press conference about how dangerous it is to touch your mouth with your hand during the coronavirus era like that lady did in that press conference. Just the other day. She comes up. She says listen the way we the way this thing gets spread is if you touch your nose mouth or eyes and then two seconds later, the lady gets sticks her entire hand in her mouth. Change over to the next page because she has incredibly dry fingers. That is more dangerous than what Nik Wallenda did last night, especially with this coronavirus that's taken out the olds which I'm not saying she was old. She was older that's more dangerous than what Nik Wallenda do number two being an old on the sidelines of an XFL game how mommy this past weekend offense coordinator for Dallas Renegades, the guy who created the Air Raid Offense was just staying on the sidelines with a towel around his neck. Calling an incredible place and all of a sudden one of his own guys comes through Spears him breaks his leg. He calls the rest of the game. That's more dangerous than what it will end. It did last night number three, all of a sudden this thing is dropped out of nowhere. What's more dangerous to know what Nick Wonder did last Nik Wallenda did last night getting soup from a grocery store is now more dangerous than what Nik Wallenda did last night you got these old White's going into these grocery stores taking the ladle. It in and drinking straight out of it and putting it back into the thing coronavirus is bouncing around the earth. That's more dangerous than what Nik Wallenda did number four. Definitely more dangerous than what the will ended. I did last night is diving headfirst off of a pontoon into four foot water the lights that could have a brick under there a long under there. You can't see through it when you sell gate at a Baylor game and you go face-first belly flop off the top of a pontoon boat. That is more dangerous than what Nik Wallenda did last night and number five. This video made its rounds on the internet just the other day. This is more dangerous. Almost anything going he tried to bungee-jump these guys try to bungee jump but they make the bungee longer than the actual fall. So these dudes in Africa are just base jumping off the top of something face first right into Earth how that's more dangerous than what Nik Wallenda did last night. I would pay top dollar to watch all of these things instead of what Nik Wallenda did last night and maybe I'm going to ask for that but that she's truly how I feel no no, Friends of Nik Wallenda this room none. He's a hustler. Like I was Specter fact that he's a hustler. He's a carnies a circus act and all that stuff but maybe 10 years ago when there wasn't all the rules and I understand it's not him forcing the tether on it's probably the network, but that's not my fault either. No, that's not my fault. He is don't be shoved it down my face find another Network done with it. And then I was told then I was told by somebody on Twitter last night whenever I tweeted is like so the worst thing that can happen is guys. He's bungee jumping over the volcano and Like no no no that harness if he does fall could tighten up he could lose circulation to his legs and potentially lose his legs. I'm like, so that's the worst thing that could happen is this harness. That was the biggest harness I've ever seen. I've gone bungee jumping in my harness was smaller than what he was wearing last night. They're like well that thing to tighten up and cut off the circulation to his legs. So in Nick Wanda's eyes, he's walking. He's like if I fall gonna lose both of my legs, that's what I'm being. So don't get me a kind Thunder thing. I hate. Not his fault. It is his fault. He's a hustler. He's a scammer. He's making money off of this stuff. It's not his fault. It's the people that are putting him in position. I just can't take it anymore. Sorry, so sorry to interrupt now some talk about getting a little professional the black tux believes every groom deserves a better experience when it comes to finding formal wear a suit or tuxedo for their big day. Do you know that I did not I like it though. Did you know the black tux was actually started by two guys who had one of the worst tuxedo fittings you could imagine Mm-hmm. You don't say it turns out that they aren't alone in this frustration. Just listen to these one star reviews that are on competitor tuckshops. That shall not be named. Okay. These are competitor tuckshops to the black tux reviews on their stores and how they operate. Okay, we've all gotten fitted by the way and it's always terrible look like SpongeBob square, but especially when you're built like me, you know, I'm a little bit of a brick shithouse. I got a barrel of an upper body. So they just give me just a piece of tarp basically and they cut it down and it Is a square bottom I'm like, well this is disgusting normally ends up with me tapering it a little bit myself, but then I don't get my deposit back. Yeah, it's just it's a nightmare of an experience in the black tux is trying to fix that here are some reviews for competitor tuckshops to the black tux go elsewhere. This place is terrible unless you're dressing like your grandpa for Halloween not a ringing endorsement. We felt weird buying a suit from somebody so unhappy we're afraid his bad vibes might follow us to our wedding day. So we left listen don't don't shot from miserable people. Don't shop and look like a goddamn Grandpa for Halloween what I love about the black tux is that they have an easy online ordering process that brings your Suitor tuxedo straight to you. Just pick a style at the black tux.com and request a free home try on so you can feel the fit and quality before you commit and if online isn't your style the black tux as showrooms all over the country where you can find your fit and plan your look from there. They'll ship your order two weeks before your wedding. And so you can check it out one last time talk about commitment whether you're buying your outfit or looking to rent you won't find a formal. We're Or designs like the ones you'll find it the black tux. If you want your wedding to be remembered for the right reasons order your suit or tuxedo at the black tux.com and enjoy 10% off with code Pat. That's the black tux.com code Pat for 10% off your purchase the black tux formal wear for the moment. There's some things we should be talking about and every time that happens we go to our friend Nick for things that are happening brought to you by at Nick Morado. Yeah, it is. It is brought to you by me Sports Business Journal reports that the NFL Network experience of 3% ratings increase on the combine the league OWN Network average 242,000 viewers over the four days of coverage in comparison to last year. Is it worth the move to Prime Time with that small of a bump? I didn't love the move to Prime Time because I liked watching it during the day now I am somebody who's never had a normal job. So my days are normally rather free to do things like that. I likes whenever I like whenever there's soccer Dorn today, I like when There's football during the day. I like whenever there's wrestling during the day. I like whenever people debunked the theory that everything has to happen in prime time and go during the day to give people, you know a little bit of entertainment now is that incredibly selfish I think so because I'm thinking just strictly of me, but now that the business is come out the business you who's this? Who did this the business who Sports Business Journal they know what they're talking about a 3% increase to move it to prime time is obviously a move that didn't succeed for the NFL Network. I saw a after the first night everybody that was associated with the NFL network was pumping out how we had a hundred percent increase this we are last night's thing moving. The prime time was the right move and all that stuff. But I think you turned your back on your loyal viewers at the combine. I think the loyal viewers of the combine are the people that are at work hating their jobs trying to figure out what to watch. I'll watch some Men in Tights run fast jump high and maybe something electric will happen during it. I think you're missing out on the college kids who are sitting at home during the day got nothing else. Do you know what watch? How are our old buddy who used to play for our team maybe compete in a three clones Road do the jump and things like that when you move it to Prime Time. Now you're getting in the way of people social life. Now, you're getting in the way of these dudes that are watching the combine on a regular basis getting in the way of their drinking schedules and maybe they have other stuff going on. I understand the thought like hey, if we put this in prime time, it'll help out everything but I think you're turning your back on your loyal audience that is kind of built you up to this point which are the people who are trying to spend the day with you before they go back to their regular life the people who are trying to avoid any responsibility by watching other things during the day before they go and do other things. I think it's a bad decision. I think they will potentially go back to the daylight thing but the NFL knows that if there is a dollar to be made and if they can take advantage of something I would assume Primetime pays a lot better. But if your numbers don't match the time slot, will you still put it there? I'm not sure maybe run a rerun up there. Maybe get a twofer out of the thing. I just don't I don't love the move. I like watching doorknob. I like passing the time with it. I think that's a bad decision. I like to know that a lot of other people feel the exact same way. I like Thursday night being on Prime Time possibly with a quarterback's wide receivers. Kick it off but then front you can't go Friday and Saturday night Primetime combine because combine is great, but it's not great enough where people aren't gonna like go out to dinner and go out to bars on Friday and Saturday night and stay at home and watch the combine and they're not allowed to cover it as a spectacle, right? It's not allowed to be covered as a spectacle. I think if something's on Friday night, Or Saturday night. I think it has to be a little bit Grandeur as opposed to like a go by the way golf golf is perfect during the days perfect at night golf would not work because it's kind of slow. It's not a spectacle. It's kind of quiet. I enjoy the thought of maybe kicking off in Primetime on Thursday night to kind of introduce the world to the combine happening but man during the days with Rich Eisen and as Jim Nantz routine doing the gulf talk with Daniel Jeremiah breaking it down a couple X players on the field or entertaining it just feels like Perfect fit so hopefully they'll adjust that and make a little bit of a move. Do you think if Joe burrow would have thrown or like if Chase young would have worked out that would have had any impact on the ratings, but they won't yeah, right like going forward they like, I don't think it's going to get better in that like I don't I don't think you're going to get a not Patrick Mahomes through but nobody knew Patrick homes with Patrick Mahomes at the time. I don't think you're going to get the superstars that work out at the combine going forward. I think it's going to go the other way actually, so I still think with no name people not know names. I understand in their college towns and Regions they're big. But to the Casual NFL fan the no-name players working out. It's just a spectacle to see the athleticism but it's not a spectacle Grand enough for Primetime television in my eyes. Now. I could be wrong and I assumed I was a person who was against the draft becoming the way one first round one night second round one night. Third how it used to be any time you change something. There's always going to be a little pessimism that it's met with but for this I think they should take it back to the day and treat it like golf as opposed to a prospect. Well, I think you're a hundred percent right though, dude. Opening night out there and it's kind of ease into it a 3% increase those not good. That's not no. It's not a good one of you take it from 10 a.m. To yeah, 7:00 p.m. It's like well that's not grayed out assumed they were anticipating those numbers to be much higher than the much higher. Let's go to neck anything else about Alex Trebek recently tweeted out a video on his Dakota difficult year leaving living with stage 4 pancreatic cancer sudden massive attacks a great depression and his commitment to fighting on no mention of stepping back to Jeopardy and he also donated dollars to an LA homeless organization recently. I love Trebek. I'm a big Jeopardy guy his interviews with the Nerds of the nerd Super Bowl every single night. He is just fed up with them. He's at the point where led the other night. He was telling people how to tell us their story better the other night. Somebody said something there like this happened this happened. He was like next time say this instead of that and then goes to the next guest and then somebody says something he's like, all right, jet Rebecca's just the model of consistency. And whenever I watch that interview we had with the TMZ Guy. What's his name Harvey Levin his interview with Harvey Levin. I learned that Trebek is like a full-time Savage took a couple shots of Pat Sajak. I mean, I love Trebek. I'm happy. He's battling had an 18 percent survival rate. Just a year ago. Now if he was to make it another year at a seven percent survival rate and at the end of that video that he put out yesterday those very emotional by the way. He talked about how he thought about just quit fighting against the The chemo and against the cancer, but then he said he would have been a coward. Basically if you had done that for his wife his family his fans and other people it was a very emotional video and I'm proud to say I'm Alex Trebek then even more so and I hope he makes another year. I think he will because a guy's a badass him savagely destroying Pat Sajak though is one of my favorite Kevin Harvey asked him. He said you are always introduced as the host of Jeopardy Alex Trebek not the star of Jeopardy. and he goes well I'm not the star the players are stars the categories of the stars above us and then Harvey goes well you know Pat and Vanna they are introduced as the stars of the show if you were the host of Wheel of Fortune would you be interested and he said no even though I know every letter in the alphabet or said it was just a pile of Trebek I hope we see him for another 30 or somehow that be great anything else Nick folks in the Italian town of Medina had wind coming out of their kitchen Taps after a local Winery accidentally leaked into their local water Sizzle wow not bad and Italy it's probably like that's all you could ever ask or yeah they dream of those days right Abu bit about If we could get the wind to come out as a fostered a little bigger who needs the water, you know, that's nothing like those to be offended. That was that was hilarious. I'm Italian good point. I don't know if you're that Italian I'm Italian your time, but don't know if you're that what you did was. Okay, except for the very beginning. That was the best part. I'm Italian things. Listen. I don't need you questioning. What I could do as an Italian. All right. I understand that the Ghillie o is much more Italian than McAfee and morale dough is much more Italian than McAfee. But I did my 23andMe I spit into the think it said I'm 1% Italian 0.09% Italian you name it? Whatever it is. I'm Italian. I'm allowed to say whatever I want and if I want wine coming out of my damn faucet, I'm allowed to say that however, whatever Italian accent I want to have boobity boobity boo Patrick Brady Jr. For the oh God pretty come back you can blame it all on feel we need you Tom don't leave us with a massive hole to fill please don't pretty come back and open sets of bills to kill the Super Bowls in Tampa Bay let's go get our seventh ring you know the drill New England your home Tom are you too good for your home I don't think so please for the love of God Pretty good, man. Oh watching you play is a dream. Please don't leave us Tom. We can all eat avocado ice cream. Delicious pretty good, man. You have living through summative. Yeah. I was gonna say Now's the Time to sign gets wicked sick that Brady fit the rhyme with Freddie come back. Please help. That's the show for today. We appreciate you all so much for choosing to listen to not only our conversations and chitter-chatter. But also our record-breaking songs that are recruiting humans to do things that they probably don't want to do. Pretty come back - mad. Please play some independent music. I hope you all have the best weekend of your entire life. Honestly, I really do like I hope your Saturday for just going to sleep. I hope it's the best sleep you've ever had. I don't think you're going to go out. I hope it's the best night. You've ever had. I hope somebody walks in there and just says Hey free tab for everybody. Oh eat and drink, whatever you please. I hope somebody does that for you. I hope even if that doesn't happen. You have a great night. I hope there's no drama. I hope you wake up on Sunday with hangover I hope you enjoy everything about this weekend and then when he come back next week bang we're off and running to make each and every day even better like zoom zoom zoom zoom yeah all right or you just sleep all weekend if you're not tired yeah wait there might be some people that do that and this room there's somebody wearing a gladiator helmet right now hmm do that if you like like yeah that beautiful sense of freedom is right around the corner go ahead and use the hell out of it have a great weekend Ty now play some independent music