Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all.We'll see them some of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very A very childish and this is for the seems to me like it's come for the Young Generation. Like, you know, I see people in their 50s and 60s almost Snapchat and I'm like what what is going on? Like know the only time I get on Snapchat is to look at Zoe's Snapchat or quarries. And and look I said Cory is over 25. And so yeah, I'll just get on Snapchat to like look good. Pictures are like Zip what Zoe posted or something like that. But very rare I post on Snapchat. I definitely don't try to communicate through Snapchat with people because I think that's just really my God like that is like, you know for high school kids. I feel like I don't know. It's just weird to me that I Read 50 year old adults are on Snapchat trying to like communicate back and forth like our unless you're trying to like this no send some naughty pics or something that you're not supposed to be sending and if you're 50, and you Trying to do that. Well, then that's a whole nother story. We got to talk about right there. But I mean I don't I just say this should be a limit to Snapchat. Okay, the cutoff for Snapchat should definitely be early 20s like they're nice. And like I said that's pushing it that is pushing her. Let's move on. Let's move on to the text messaging texting. Everybody likes to text I prefer texting most of the time than I do over talking on the phone. I'm a texture. I will talk on the phone. Ever I prefer to text and I think like 8080 probably 80% of people would agree that they prefer to text then to talk because I'm going to tell you why you can call somebody and they won't answer. Okay, and then you can text them five seconds. Later. And they will text you back. So don't mean to tell me that they got your phone. Okay, they got to phone in their hand or is nearby. Or how about the ones where you get like the text message? Like hey, what's up or hey, what you doing? And you respond? Okay your text come through being pink, whatever whatever you little noises use you respond. Hey, what you doing? Blah, blah blah. How about they don't respond until three days later. I'm confused you said hey, what you doing? The person responds back? Hey, nothing what you doing? And then the end of story like you don't hear from the person for another three three days or so, then they'll be like hey, what happened to you? Where did you go? Where did you go for three days? It's oh that is so annoying to me. Like that is such a pet. Peeve like that. There's one of my pet peeves y'all look seriously if I am texting or somebody's texting me and they're like, hey, what's up and I say hey, what you doing? And then I don't hear from you for like two or three days. We gotta start all over because I'm going to be like well, what happened is you get kidnapped. Did your phone like break. Did it fall in the toilet? I mean, it's just that's so weird like anyway, and I happens like that's kind of weird but it happens a lot. Like I don't know about y'all but people do that a lot. I mean I can see that you put your phone down. You might walk off to go do something but pretty much everybody's glued to their phones and their phone sitting somewhere pretty much close by especially if you got kids or grandkids or just in general because people like to stay in touch with you know with what's going on, so, you know good and well you saw the text well, hey. What you doing? And then you decide how to handle this, but I don't know. I don't know what people say. Like, I always respond to Texas. That's just me anyway. So yeah, texting is just like that's my preferred method of like talking to people. However, I will respond to a text message immediately, especially if I hear it come through I pick up my phone I look I'll text back. You know, I'll keep the conversation going, you know, some people like I said, they'll just text and be like, hey what you doing? And then I'll text back and then he'll I don't hear from him for like three days and they'll be like, hey, what you doing the same thing? I was doing three days ago. You listened? Okay, you would have known so it's just I don't know that's just some weird stuff to me that text and like people not people texting women and then disappearance just stupid and weird. So, I don't know. I don't know. It's just weird to me and FaceTime videos. Oh my gosh. The only people I FaceTime video is my grandkids. Okay, that is who I Facetime videos with That's it or less. I'm in the store and I'm getting something from one of my kids or something that I'll FaceTime then be like is this what you really want? Is this what you want blah blah blah. Listen, if you calling me at nine o'clock at night to face time. I am not answering if it's not unless you my kids. I'm not answering because has time, you know, got your makeup all got your hair up in a bun or a towel or whatever got your nightshirt on or whatever you sleeping. You don't just like you ready for bed. Like you ain't gonna FaceTime. Are you going to be FaceTime and no, I'm not answering it. Anyway, so that's just some of the things I was going to think I was thinking about today because like these are some like pet peeve issues with me. The SnapChat thing. I think you know, like I said these older people on Snapchat just child get off Snapchat get off the filters. Like I have seen more Snapchat filters and trust me. I have been guilty of using on please. I will be the first to tell you because they're fun to kind of play with with your kids and your grandkids and you make these little cute videos and he's okay. Pictures and your post a monster but somebody's won't be taken in Snapchat filter serious. Okay serious because they will make up their profile picture. Now, we know you don't have bunny ears and whiskers on your profile picture if that is your profile picture. We know that's not what you really look like. Okay, so I mean, yeah, I guess it's all in fun, but I don't know. I don't know. I just feel like we should be like Like solving world problems or something. I don't I feel like instead of doing posting our Snapchat pictures as a profile pictures. And then that like I said the text messaging all my gosh y'all. It's like it's such a pet. Peeve of mine. Like I cannot stand it. If I am in the middle of texting in the conversation is going I was sudden you just drop off the other end of the line. Where did you go? Where where did you go? Like what happened? We were having a conversation you started the conversation and hell you just disappeared and then you going to try to come back in five days later or three days or whatever the how many days later and try to pick up the conversation. So we are to me like, oh gosh anyway, so yeah, so I want to talk about that today. So let me know if you have any comments or what you think about the Snapchat y'all think there should be like You know just like I don't know don't think it's for like older people too or just younger people. Do you think it's a little bit immature to be using SnapChat, you know to try to conversate with somebody back and forth or should you just like, you know being mature adults and be like, here's my number if you like to text me, you know, blah blah blah so we can have a conversation or something. I don't know so y'all can leave your comments or whatever or not leave them. Whatever. If you do leave a comment do not leave a nasty rude comment. If the intentions behind any of your comments are nasty and rude, I'm going to ask you to keep them to yourself and just keep moving. Okay, because I don't have time for negativity and my thing is you know, what if you can't be kind and you can't say nothing kind and don't say nothing at all. So just you can either listen to keep going and not commented all that's fine. Anyway, love you guys mean it and I will talk to you soon. Have a been tested today. Good afternoon. Ladies ladies ladies. Let's talk about a few things tonight. Let's talk about Snapchat texting and FaceTime videos start with Snapchat is their age limit appropriate for Snapchat because I'm beginning to think. That if you are in your 30s 40s and 50s and you're trying to communicate via Snapchat with people like have a conversation via Snapchat, that's just weird. Okay, that's just weird. Snapchat is like to me high school shit like high school kids, you know posting know, you know stuff that they need supposed to be posting or saying something supposed to be saying so the Mom and Daddy won't find out or something like that. But if you're a grown person and you won't Snapchat and if you try and especially if you trying to like send like a nudey picture a naughty picture or whatever, but that's a whole nother subject right there. We need to talk about right there. But I think that if you're in your 20s 30s 40s 50s and own up unless you're just playing around some filters a little bit with your kids or your grandkids. I mean, I don't see I don't see why we on Snapchat at our age. That's just a to me that as a childish at and And this would like I said, these are my opinion. So I mean, I'm just trying to figure out the whole SnapChat thing and you all get like a Snapchat and then I'll be like what they Snapchat me for. They got my phone number one thing this text like, you know a grown adult just text your message like hey, what you doing? They're going to try to snap and then they have a little head pop up, you know a little figure that you got I guess it looks like you and it pops up and and you got see little bubbles going and the head pops up to see if you look. Or something. I don't know what's going on Snapchat. But listen, like I said, I don't get on Snapchat and less I'm just looking a story about the grandkids or something like that. I don't get on there. Look at the celebrity crap. I don't care about celebrity crap like that. I sure ain't looking too Kylie Jenner Snapchat and all that crap. But yeah, I think there should be like a mandatory cutoff age for Snapchat and I'm I'm thinking it might be 20 might be to cut off. Okay, if you still don't. Snapchat you like 25 30 45 50, you might want to kind of just go back in and re-evaluate the situation and ask yourself. You know, it's like I said unless you're just playing around the pictures what you want Snapchat for that's just childish. That was a childish app to me or is a sneaky app. You know Snapchat is for people who are doing dirt most of the time anyway, Because you know last for like 10 or 30 seconds, and then it's supposedly gone forever. So it's like supposedly gone. Listen. That's they're still out there somewhere. I'm telling you all that stuff is out there somewhere. They might think it's going in 30 seconds, but trust me it is filed around somewhere. So it's going to come back around eventually. I'm sure but yeah, that's my thoughts on Snapchat. I don't really use it to communicate with people back and forth. I just get on there everyone so I just see Silas the story or bro. His story or yeah, that's about it. This this. Yep texting that is my preferred method of communicating with people. I do like to text because I just you know, I just prefer to text it's just easier for me to text him though, you know, thank God I have spellcheck. Okay, because I just and then like, I don't know about y'all but like where I'm texting especially if I'm mad or something honey, my brain is like Born a hundred miles an hour. It's not even keeping up my text but fingers. So like I have to go back and reread my taste. It don't make no sense no sense because my brain done went off to like warp speed ahead of this situation and the story that I'm telling on my text message and I go back and read it don't make no sense. Sometimes I'll be sending just the craziest random text is don't even make sense to me either. I'll just be like what in the world did I just say and then text talking is even worse because when you're Other like we are if you're from the south honey, Siri or text people or Alexa Siri and texting. They don't know what you're saying. Okay, they don't know what you're saying. They don't especially Alexa Alexa tells me all the time. I'm sorry. I didn't understand that. So they need to come out with a Southern Alexa. She needs to be fluent in southern slang. Because I am tired of asking her to simply because she's over there right now talking to me. She just says sorry, I don't understand what you just said. So you see what I'm saying? Unless it's over just talking to me and don't even know what I'm saying. She said so anyway, yeah, they're gonna have to come out with the southern slang for this app. Because honey, you could tell her to simple stuff and she's like very trying she don't know what you're talking about same way with text messaging when I Ex talk the stuff that that comes up. Oh my gosh. It's not even close to what I said not even close to what I said. I'd be like what in the world? So yeah, we need to get some Southern text in there too. While we are on the home The Horizon of all this technology. They need to like have a southern you know app and then they have a northern app and then they have a Boston app and then a wisconsinite because I'm saying Wisconsin they have the most who their accent. Oh my gosh, y'all that accent Pierce's my soul. Have you got in that note? Shout I got love for Wisconsin people I do but honey that accent is strong like it is like woo Lord, Jesus help me. So yeah, I do prefer texting and another thing about texting. I'm one of the head on this real fast is don't you hate when you're in the middle of texting somebody but hey, they're like, hey, what you up to in your you respond blah blah blah hunted then they drop off the face of the Earth for about five days. Whoa. What happened? Where did you go? Look we're by happened. I'm confused. We're in the middle of a conversation texting and then like I don't hear from this person or you they don't text back or you don't tell where why what was going on. Why where'd you guys go? So you just did you just fall out or something? Did your did your phone died? Did you forget was having a conversation and they're going to try to text back five days later and try. Up on the same conversation. Hey, what you doing? I have hell I'm doing the same thing. I don't five days ago. When you try to text the first time that that's where my pet peeves right there as if somebody text me and I text them back and then they don't respond for like five days. Oh my gosh. I just want to say you know, oh my gosh, I just want to reach out and be like what happened. We're did you like get a ducted by some aliens or something? It's strange. You know, I got the phone. Okay, you know they got the phone with them. Don't nobody put the phones down. They glued to our hands if we sit them down, they ain't far from reach. Okay, they're not far so I don't get the whole texting and then it's just dropped dead conversation. Then you don't hear from the person for five days and then try to pick up where they left off. Well, he'll five days later. I done forgot what we just talked about and I put trust me in five days a lot can happen. I done moved on way on from that conversation. So yeah that yeah, that's just one of my pet peeves. I cannot stand that crap. So yeah, and then Facetime videos, I don't mind Facetime videos. I facetimed my kids and my grandkids especially my grandkids because one of them lives out of town. So I do FaceTime with you know, my grandkids and my children other than that. Listen, I'm not FaceTime and nobody after like say 8:00 p.m. Or 9 p.m. Because listen, I'm already got myself ready for bed. I got my hair up in a bun I got You know my nightshirt on or whatever no makeup on and I'm not a bad cold cream on my face or whatever I got going on my face. I'm not FaceTiming what you unless you my kids or my grandkids and then if I am, you know, if I got all that on my face and I got my glasses on and my mask on and my hair at my grandkids be like Nana Lord, what's wrong with your face? You know, they're like, oh Lord. So you think I'm gonna pick up the phone and face time with somebody looking like that. No. No, so if you're trying to FaceTime me in is after you know, the witching hour 8 p.m. I don't answer unless it's my kids or my grandkids ain't answering. It's just not happening. Okay, it's not happening. So that's just some of my thoughts on Snapchat texting and FaceTime. You know, like I said, they are all great apps. They're all fun. Like I said, I love to play around with Snapchat filters with my grandkids, especially with my grandkids because we make funny silly. Place is and you know the apps make you look listen as make you look good. Okay, you got stars all around your face. You got some ears. You got some whiskers. You're looking all you know, bunny fide and dog your puppy or whatever you pick but don't be posting those pictures as you term profile picture because we know good and well that you ain't a damn rabbit. So if you're a grown woman and your profile picture is a Snapchat of bunny rabbit. Well, you know in my opinion that's I'm just going to say that we'll just yeah, that's not a clever move right there. It's just not yeah probably too clever or or a good idea. I'm a set like that. It's just not really a good idea. Okay, because like if you if you got missing and all we got is a bunny picture you to locate you is, you know, you're looking like a rabbit. Have a hard time finding you. So be careful about putting those Snapchat pictures for your profile pictures. Ladies because like I said, it might be cute and they're fun. Okay, you look at all wrinkle-free. You got fake lashes on you can make yourself look like a million bucks. But you know when we get to looking for you if something was to happen that you know, that's not what you're looking like. Okay, you just not looking like the Peter Rabbit. So anyway these Are my thoughts on Snapchat texting and FaceTime if you want to leave a message, you are more than welcome to leave a message. However, if it is negative, it is hostile or if it is just downright mean just keep going don't drop No nasty messages here because if your intentions behind the message is to be nasty. Just keep moving. Okay, I don't have time for negativity in my life. Nor do I allow it? Okay, I do not allow it. I am a person who believes that kindness goes a long way. If you don't have nothing kind to say you don't have a positive comment to say then just keep on scrolling. You don't even got to say nothing. They are say, you know, they always say if you ain't got nothing nice to say don't say nothing at all. That's my motto. So anyway, I love you guys. I hope you have a wonderful night, and I will talk to you soon. Love you. Bye.