the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and especially because under the Jewish government man servants and Maid servants were not free as now to serve for wages as long as they pleased but were their Master's property with their body and all they had as cattle and other possessions. Moreover every man had power over his wife to put her away publicly by giving her a bill of divorce and to take another. Therefore they were in constant danger among each other that if one took a fancy to another's wife, he might allege any reason both to dismiss his own wife and two estranged the others wife from him that he might obtain her under a pretext of right that was not considered a discuss in nor disgrace with them as little as now with hired help when a proprietor dismisses his manservant or maidservant. Or takes another servants from him in any way. Therefore I say they thus interpreted these Commandments and that rightly although their scope reaches somewhat farther and higher that no one think or purpose to obtain what belongs to another such as his wife Servants house and estate land Meadows cattle even with a show of right or by a sub. huge yet with injury to his neighbor For above and the seventh commandment the vice is forbidden where one rests to himself the possessions of others or with holds them from his neighbor, which he cannot do by right but here it is also forbidden to alienate anything from your neighbor, even though you could do so with honor in the eyes of the world so that no one could accuse or blame you as though you had obtained it wrongfully. For we are so inclined by Nature that no one desires to see another have as much as himself and each one acquires as much as he can the other Mayfair as best he can and yet we pretend to be Godly know how to Adorn ourselves most finally and conceal our rascality resort to and invent a Droid devices and deceitful artifices such as now our daily most ingeniously contrived. Though they were derived from the law codes. Yay. We even dare impertinently to refer to it and boast of it and will not have it called rascality but shrewdness and caution in this lawyers and jurists assist who twist and stretch the law to suited to their cause stress words and use them for a subterfuge irrespective of equity or their neighbors necessity. And in short whoever is the most expert and cunning and these Affairs finds most help in law as they themselves say we keen on taboos uraza between you and that is the laws favor the watchful. This last commandment therefore is given not for Rogues in the eyes of the world. But just for the most Pious who wish to be praised and be called honest and upright people since they have not offended against this former Commander the former Commandments as especially the Jews claim to be and even now many great nobleman gentlemen and princes for the other common masses belong yet farther down under the seventh commandment as those who are not not much concern whether they acquire their possessions with honor and right now this occurs most frequently in cases that are brought into court where it is the purpose to get something from our neighbor and to force him out of his own as to give examples when people quarrel and Wrangle about a large inheritance real estate Etc. They Avail themselves of and resort to whatever has the appearance of right so dressing and adorning. That the law must favor their side and they keep the property with such title that no one can make complaint or lay claim their to in like manner if anyone desire to have a castle City duchy or any other great thing. He practices so much Finance searing through relationships. And by any means he can that the other is judicially deprived of it and it is adjudicated to him and confirmed with deed and seal. And declared to have been acquired by princely title and honestly. Likewise also in common trade where one dexterously slipped something out of another's hand so that he must look after it or surprises and defrauds him in a manner which he sees advantage and benefit for himself. So that the latter perhaps on account of distress or debt cannot regain or redeem it without injury and the former games the half or even more and yet this must not be considered as acquired by fraud or Colin but honestly bought here they say first come first served and everyone must look to his own interest let another get what he can and who can be so smart as to think of all the ways in which one can get many things into his possession by such species protects this the world does not consider wrong and will not see that the neighbor is thereby placed at a disadvantage and must sacrifice what he cannot spare without injury yet. There is no one who wishes this to be done to him. From which we can easily perceive that such devices and pretexts are false. The said was done formally with respect to wives. They knew such devices that if one were pleased with another woman, he personally or through others as there were many ways and means to be invented caused her husband to conceive a displeasure toward her or had her resist him and so conduct herself that he was obliged to dismiss her and leave her to the other that sort of thing undoubtedly prevailed much under the law as also we read in the gospel of King Herod that he Took his brother's wife while he was yet living and yet wish to be thought as an honorable Pious man as Saint Mark also testifies of him. But such an example, I trust will not occur among us because in the New Testament those who are married are forbidden to be divorced except in such a case where one by some stratagem takes away a rich bride from another but it is not a rare thing with us that one estranges or alienates another's manservant for maidservant or entices them away by flattering words. In whatever way such things happen. We must know that God does not wish that you deprive your neighbor of anything that belongs to him so that he suffer the loss and you gratify your avarice with it. Even if you could keep it honorably before the world for it is a secret and Insidious imposition practiced under the Hat as we say that it may not be observed. For although you go your way as if you had done no one any wrong, you have nevertheless injured your neighbor and if it is not called stealing and cheating yet. It is called coveting. Your neighbor's property that is aiming at possession of it enticing it away from him without his will and being unwilling to see him enjoy what God has granted him. And although the judge and everyone must leave you in possession of it yet. God will not leave you there in for he sees the deceitful heart and the malice of the world, which is sure to take an L. In addition wherever you yield to her in a fingers breadth and at length public wrong and violence follow. Therefore we allow these Commandments to remain in their ordinary meaning that it is commanded first that we do not desire our neighbors damage nor even assist nor give occasion for it, but gladly wish and leave him what he has and besides advance and preserve for him what maybe for his profit and Service as we should wish to be treated. Thus these Commandments are especially directed against envy and miserable. Avarice. God wishes to remove all causes and sources whence arises everything by which we do injury to our neighbor. And therefore he expresses it in plain words Thou shalt not covet Etc. For he would especially have the heart pure although we shall never attain to that as long as we live here so that this commandment will remain like all the rest one that will constantly accuse us and show how Godly we are in the sight of God. conclusion of the Ten Commandments thus we have the Ten Commandments a compendium of divine Doctrine as to what we are to do in order that our whole life may be pleasing to God and the true Fountain and channel from and in which everything must arise and flow that is to be a good work. So that outside of the Ten Commandments no work or thing can be good or pleasing to God. However, great or precious it be in the eyes of the world. Let us see now what our great Saints can boast of their spiritual orders and they're great and Grievous works with which they have invented and set up while they let these pass as though they were far too insignificant or had long ago been perfectly fulfilled. I am of opinion indeed that here one will find his hands full to do to observe these namely meekness patience and love towards enemies Chastity kindness Etc. And what such virtues imply. But such works are not a value and make no display in the eyes of the world for they are not peculiar and conceited works and restricted to particular times places rites and Customs but our common everyday domestic Works which one neighbor can practice toward another therefore. They are not of high esteem. But the other works cause people to open their eyes and ears wide and Men Aid to this effect by the great display expense and magnificent buildings with which they Adorn them so that everything shines and Glitters there. They walked in sense. They sing and ring bells they light tapers and candles so that nothing else can be seen or heard for when a priest stands there in a surplice embroidered with guilt or a Layman continues all day upon his He's in church that is regarded as a most precious work which no one can sufficiently praise but when a poor girl tends a little child and Faithfully does what she is told that is considered nothing for for else. What should monks and nuns seek in their Cloisters? But C is not that accursed presumption of those desperate Saints who dare to invent a higher and better life and estate than the Ten Commandments teach pretending as we have said that this is an ordinary life for the common man, but that there's is for Saints and perfect ones. And the miserable blind people do not see that no man can get so far as to keep one of the Ten Commandments as it should be kept but both the Apostles Creed and the Lord's Prayer must come to our Aid as we shall hear by which that is sought and prayed for and received continually. Therefore all they're boasting amounts to as much as if I boasted and said to be sure I have not a penny to make payment with but I confidently undertake to pay ten florins. All this I say and urge in order that men might become rid of the sad misuse which has taken such deep root and still Cleaves to everybody and in all Estates upon Earth become used to looking hither only and to being concerned about these matters. For it will be a long time before they will produce a Doctrine or a state's equal to the Ten Commandments because they are so high that no one can attain to them by human power. And whoever does attain to them is a Heavenly Angelic man far above all Holiness of the world only occupy yourself with them and try your best apply all power and ability. And you will find so much to do that. You will neither seek nor steam any other work or holiness. Let this be sufficient concerning the first part of the common Christian doctrine both for teaching and urging what is necessary in conclusion. However, we must repeat the text which belongs here of which we have treated already in the first commandment in order that we may learn what pains God requires to the end that we may learn to inculcate and practice the Ten Commandments. For I the Lord thy God am a jealous God visiting the iniquity of the father's upon the children to the third unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me and showing Mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my Commandments. Although as we have heard above this appendix was primarily attached to the first commandment. It was nevertheless laid down for the sake of all the Commandments as all of them are to be referred and directed to it. Therefore I have said that this too should be presented to an inculcated upon the young that they may learn and remember it in order to see what is to urge and compel us to keep these 10 commandments and it is to be regarded as though this part worse. Specially added to each so that in an it inheres in and pervades them all. now there is comprehended in these words as said before both an angry word of threatening and a friendly promise to terrify and warn us and moreover to induce and encourage us to receive and highly esteem his word as a matter of divine earnestness because he himself declares how much he is concerned about it and how rigidly he will enforce it namely that he will horribly and terribly punish all who despised and transgress his And again how richly he will reward bless and do good to those who hold them in high esteem and gladly do and live according to them. Thus he demands that all our works proceed from a heart which fears and regards God alone and from such fear of avoids everything that is contrary to his will lest. It should move him to wrath and on the other hand also trusts in him alone and from love to him does all he wishes because he speaks to us as a friendly as friendly as a father and offers us all Grace and every good Just this is also the meaning and true interpretation of the first and chief commandment from which all the others must flow and proceed so that this word thou shalt have no other gods before me in its simplest meaning States. Nothing else than this demand Thou shalt fear love and trust in me as thine only true God for where there is a heart thus disposed towards God the same has fulfilled this and all the other Commandments. On the other hand, whoever fears and loves anything else in heaven and upon Earth will keep neither this nor any thus the entire scriptures have everywhere preached and inculcated this commandment aiming always at these two things fear of God and trust in him. And especially the prophet David throughout the Psalms as when he says the lord taketh pleasure in them that fear Him in those that hope in him in his Mercy. As if the entire commandment were explained by one verse as much as to say the lord taketh pleasure in those who have no other gods. Thus the first commandment is to shine and imparted Splendor to all the others. Therefore. You must let this declaration run through all the Commandments like a hoop in a wreath joining the end to the beginning and holding them all together that it be continually repeated and not forgotten as namely in the second commandment that we fear God and do not take his name in vain for cursing lying deceiving and other modes of Leading Men astray or rascality, but make proper and good you. Of it by calling upon him in prayer praise and thanksgiving derived from Love and Trust according to the first commandment in like manner such fear love and trust is to urge and force us not to despise his word but gladly to learn here and esteem at Holy and honor it. Thus continuing through all the following Commandments toward our neighbor likewise everything is to proceed by virtue of the first commandment to wit that we honor father and mother Masters and all an authority and be subject to an obedient to them not on their own account. But for God's sake for you are not to regard or fear father or mother or from love of them do or omit anything but see to that which God would have you do and what we want. Will quite surely demand of you if you omit that you have an angry judge, but on the contrary case a gracious father. Again that you do know your neighbor no harm injury or violence nor in any wise encroach upon him as touching his body wife property honor or rights as all these things are commanded in their order, even though you have opportunity and cause to do so and no man would reprove you but that you do good to all men help them and promote their interest howsoever and wherever wherever you can purely from love of God. And in order to please him in the confidence that he will abundantly reward you for everything. Thus you see how the first commandment is the chief source and Fountainhead which flows into all the rest and again all return to that and depend upon it so that beginning and end are fastened and bound to each other. This I say it is profitable and necessary always to teach to the young people to admonish them and to remind them of it that they may be brought up not only with blows and compulsion like cattle but in the fear and reverence of God for where this is considered and lead to heart that these things are not human Trifles, but the Commandments that of of the Divine Majesty who insists upon them with such earnestness is angry with and punishes those who despise them. And on the other hand abundantly rewards those who keep them. There will be a spontaneous impulse and desire gladly to do the will of God. Therefore it is not in vain that it is commanded in the Old Testament to write the Ten Commandments on all walls and Corners. Yes, even on the garments not for the sake of merely having them written these places and making a show of them as did the Jews but that we might have our eyes constantly fixed upon them and have them always in our memory and that we might practice them in all our actions and ways and everyone make them his daily exercise in all cases in every business and Action as though they were written in every place wherever he would look ye wherever he walks or stands. Thus there would be occasion enough both at home in our own house and abroad with our neighbors to practice the 10 commandments that no one need run far for them. From this it again appears how highly these Ten Commandments are to be exalted and extolled above all Estates Commandments and works which are taught and practiced aside from them. For here, we can boast and say let all the whys and Saints step forth and produce if they can a work like these Commandments upon which God insists with such earnestness and which he enjoins with his greatest wrath and Punishment and besides add such glorious promises that he will pour out upon us all good things and blessings. Therefore they should be taught above all others and be esteemed precious and dear as the highest treasure given by God. Part II of the Creed thus far we have heard the first part of Christian doctrine in which we have seen all that God wishes us to do or to leave undone. Now they're properly follows the Creed which sets forth to us everything that we must expect and receive from God and to stated quite briefly teaches us to know him fully and this is intended to help us do that which according to the Ten Commandments we ought to do for as said above they are set so high that all human ability is far too feeble and weak to keep them. Therefore it is necessary to learn this part as the former in order that we may know how to attain their to When sin whereby to obtain such power for if we could buy our own powers keep the Ten Commandments as they are to be kept we would need nothing further. Neither the Creed nor the Lord's Prayer, but before we explain this advantage and necessity of the Creed, it is sufficient at first for the simple-minded that they learn to comprehend and understand the it itself. In the first place. The Creed has hitherto been divided into twelve articles, although if all points which are written in the scriptures and which belonged to the Creed were to be distinctly set forth. There would be far more articles nor could they all be clearly expressed in so few words, but that it may be most easily and clearly understood as it is to be taught to children. We shall briefly sum up the entire Creed in three Chief articles according to the three persons in the godhead to whom everything that we believe is related. So that the first article of God the Father explains creation the second article of the sun Redemption and the third of the Holy Ghost sanctification Just as though the Creed were briefly comprehended in so many words. I believe in God the Father who has created me. I believe in God the son who has redeemed me. I believe in the Holy Ghost who sanctifies me. One God and one Faith but three persons therefore also three articles or confessions. Let us briefly run over the words. Article 1 I believe in God the Father Almighty maker of heaven and Earth. This portrays and sets forth most briefly. What is the essence will activity and work of God the Father for since the Ten Commandments have taught that we are to have not more than one God. The question might be asked what kind of a person is God. What does he do? How can we praise or portray in describe him that he may be known? Now that is taught in this and the following article so that the Creed is nothing else than the answer and confession of Christians arranged with respect to the first commandment as if you were to ask a a little child my dear what sort of a God have you what do you know of him? He could say this is my God first the father who has created heaven and earth besides this the only one I regard nothing else as God. For there is no one else who could create Heaven and Earth. But for the learned' and those who are somewhat Advanced these three articles may all be expanded and divided into as many parts as there are words. But now for Young Scholars, let it suffice to indicate the most necessary points namely as we have said that this article refers to the creation that we emphasize the words creator of Heaven and Earth. But what is the force of this or what do you mean by these words? I believe in God the Father Almighty maker etcetera. Answer this is what I mean and believe that I am a creature of God that is that he has given me and constantly preserves to me my body soul and life members Great and Small all my senses reason and understanding and so on food and drink clothing and support wife and children domestics house and home Etc. Besides he causes All Creatures to serve for the uses and necessities of life sun moon and stars in the firmament day and night air water fire earth and whatever it bears and produces birds and flatfishes beasts grain and all kinds of produce and whatever else there is of bodily and temporal Goods good government. Peace security. Thus we learn from this article that none of us has of himself nor can preserve his life nor anything that is here enumerated or can be enumerated. However, small and unimportant a thing that might be for all is comprehended in the word creator. Moreover we also confess that God the father has not only given us all that. We haven't see before our eyes but daily preserves and defends us against all evil and his fortune averts all sorts of danger and Calamity and that he does all this out of pure love and goodness without our Merit as a benevolent father who cares for us that no evil befall us but to speak more of this belongs in the other two parts of this article where we say father almighty, Now since all that we possess and moreover whatever in addition is in heaven and upon the Earth is daily given preserved and kept for us by God. It is readily inferred and concluded that it is our duty to love praise and thank him for it without ceasing and in short to serve him with all these things as he demands and has enjoined in the Ten Commandments here. We could say much if we were to expatiate how few there are that believe this. Oracle for we all pass over it hear it and say it but neither see nor consider what the words teach us for if we believed it with the heart. We would also act accordingly and Knots talk about proudly act defiantly and boast as though we had life riches power and honour Etc of ourselves. So that others must fear and serve us as is the practice of The Wretched perverts World, which is drowned in blindness and abuses all the good things and gifts of God. Only for its own Pride avarice lust and luxury and never once regards God. So as to thank him or acknowledge Him as Lord and creator. Therefore this article ought to humble and terrify us all if we believed it for we sin daily with eyes ears hands Body and Soul money and possessions and with everything we have especially those who even fight against the word of God yet Christian Christians have this advantage that they acknowledge themselves in Duty bound to serve God for all these things and to be obedient to him. We ought therefore daily to practice this article impress it upon our mind and to remember it in all that meets our eyes and in all good that falls to our lat and wherever we escaped from Calamity or danger that it is God who gives and does all these things that they're in we sense and see his paternal heart and is transcendent love toward us there by the heart would be warmed enkindled to be thankful and to employ all such good things to the honor and praise of God. God Thus we have most briefly presented the meaning of this article as much as it first necessary for the most simple to learn both as to what we have and receive from God and what we owe and return which is a most excellent knowledge but a far greater treasure. For here, we see how the father has given himself to us together with all creatures. And as most richly provided for us in this life besides that he is overwhelmed us with unspeakable Eternal Treasures By His Son and the Holy Ghost as we shall hear. Article 2 and in Jesus Christ his only son our Lord who was conceived by the Holy Ghost born of the Virgin Mary suffered under Pontius Pilate was crucified dead and buried he descended into hell the third day he rose again from the dead. He ascended into heaven and sitteth on the right hand of God the Father Almighty from thence. He shall come to judge the quick and the dead Here we learn to know the second person of the godhead so that we see what we have from God over and above the temporal Goods aforementioned namely how he has completely poured forth himself and withheld, nothing from us that he has not given us. Now this article is very rich and Broad, but in order to expounded also briefly and in a childlike way, we shall take up one word and some up in that the entire article namely as we have said that we may hear learn how we have been redeemed and we shall base this on these words in Jesus Christ Our Lord. If now you are asked what do you believe in the second article of Jesus Christ answer briefly. I believe that Jesus Christ true. Son of God has become my Lord. But what is it to become Lord it is this that he has redeemed me from sin from the devil from Death and All evil for before. I had no Lord nor King but was captive under the power of the devil condemned to death in meshed and sin and blindness. For when we had been created by God the father and had received from him all manner of good the devil came and let us into Disobedience sin death and all evil so that we fell under his wrath and displeasure and were doomed to Eternal damnation as we had merited and deserved. There was no council help or Comfort until this only and eternal Son of God in his unfathomable goodness had compassion upon our misery and wretchedness and came from Heaven to help us. Those tyrants and jailers, then are all expelled now and in their place as come Jesus Christ Lord of Life righteousness, every blessing and salvation and has delivered us poor lost men from the jaws of hell as one US made us free and brought us again into the favor and Grace of the father and has taken us as his own property under his shelter and protection that he may govern Us by his righteousness wisdom power life and blessedness. Let this then be the sum of this article that the little word Lord signifies simply as much as Redeemer. That is he who has brought us from Satan to God from Death to life from sin to righteousness and who preserves Us in the same. But all the points would follow an order in this article serve no other end than to explain an Express this Redemption how and where by it was accomplished that is how much it cost him and what he spent and risked that he might win us and bring us under his Dominion namely that he became man conceived and born without sin of the Holy Ghost and of the Virgin Mary that he might overcome sin moreover that he suffered. I did and was buried that he might make satisfaction for me and pay what I owe not with silver nor gold. But with his own precious blood. And all this in order to become my Lord for he did none of these for himself nor had he any need of it and after that he rose again from the dead swallowed up and devoured death and finally ascended into heaven and assume the government at the father's right hand so that the devil and all powers must be subject to him and lion his feet until finally at the last day. He will completely part and separate us from the Wicked World the devil. Sin, Etc. But to explain all these simple single point separately belongs not to brief sermons for children, but rather to the ampler sermons that extend throughout the entire year, especially at those times which are appointed for the purpose of treating at length each article of the birth sufferings Resurrection Ascension of Christ at cetera. I the entire gospel, which we preach is based on this that we properly understand this article as that upon which our salvation and all our happiness rest and which is so rich in comprehensive that we can never learn it fully article 3. I believe in the Holy Ghost the holy Christian Church, the communion of saints the Forgiveness of sins the resurrection of the body and the life Everlasting. Amen. This article as I have said, I cannot relate better than to sanctification that through the same Holy Ghost with his office is declared and depicted namely that he makes us holy therefore we must take our stand upon the word Holy Ghost because it is so precise and comprehensive that we cannot find another. For there are besides many kinds of spirits mentioned in the Holy scriptures as the spirit of man Heavenly spirits and evil spirits, but the spirit of God Alone is called. Holy ghost. That is he who has Sanctified and still sanctifies us. For as the father is called Creator the sun Redeemer. So the holy ghost from his work must be called sanctifier or one that makes holy. But how is such sanctifying done answer just as the sun obtains Dominion, whereby he wins us through his birth death Resurrection Etc. So also the Holy Ghost effects our sanctification by the following parts namely by the communion of Saints or the Christian Church, the Forgiveness of sins the resurrection of the body and the life Everlasting that is he first leads us into his holy congregation and places us. The bosom of the church, whereby he preaches to us and brings us to Christ. For neither you nor I could ever know anything of Christ or believe on him and obtain him for our Lord unless it were offered to us and granted to our hearts by the Holy Ghost through the preaching of the Gospel. The work is done in accomplished for Christ is acquired and gained the treasure for us by his suffering death Resurrection Etc. But if the work remained concealed so that no one knew of it then it would be in vain and lost that this treasure. Therefore might not lie buried. Read but be appropriated and enjoyed God has caused the word to go forth and be proclaimed in which he gives the Holy Ghost to bring this treasure home and appropriated to us. Therefore sanctifying is nothing else than bringing us to Christ to receive this good to which we could not attain of ourselves. Learn then to understand this article most clearly if you are asked what do you mean by the words? I believe in the Holy Ghost. You can answer. I believe that the Holy Ghost makes be holy as his name implies, but we're by does he accomplished this or what are his method and means to this end answer by the Christian Church the Forgiveness of sins the resurrection of the body and the life Everlasting. For in the first place. He has a peculiar congregation in the world, which is the mother that begets and bears every Christian through the word of God, which he reveals and preaches. He illumines and in Kindles hearts that they understand accepted cling to it and persevere in it. For where he does not cause it to be preached and made alive in the heart so that it is understood. It is lost as was the case under the papacy where Faith was entirely put under the bench and no one recognized Christ as his Lord or the Holy Ghost as his sanctifier. That is no one believed that Christ is our Lord in the sense that he has acquired this treasure for us without our works and Merit and made us acceptable to the father. What then was lacking this that the Holy Ghost was not there to reveal it and cause it to be preached but men and evil spirits were there who taught us to obtain Grace and be saved by our works? Therefore it is not a Christian church. Either for where Christ is not preached. There is no Holy Ghost who creates calls and gathers the Christian Church Without which no one can come to Christ the lord. Let this suffice concerning the some of this article, but because the parts which are here in numerated are not quite clear to the simple. We shall run over them. Also, the Creed denominates the holy Christian Church communion em some sanctorum a communion of saints for both Expressions taken together are identical, but formerly, the one expression was not there and it has been poorly and unintelligibly translated into And I nag a mine shaft there. Hi Logan a communion of saints. If it is to be rendered plainly, it must be expressed quite differently in the German idiom for the word. Ecclesia properly means in German. I never Za Moon and assembly but we are accustomed to the word church by which the simple do not understand and assembled multitude, but the consecrated house or building although the house ought not to be called a church, except only for the reason that the multitude assembles there. For we who assemble their make and choose for ourselves a particular place and give a name to the house according to the assembly. Thus the word kirika church means really nothing else than a common assembly and is not German by idiom. But Greek as is also the word ekklesia for in their own language. They call it curia as in Latin it is called Korea. Therefore in genuine German in our mother tongue in ought to be called a Christian congregation or assembly and at least like a Commando or Azam Loom or best of all and most clearly holy Christendom Ina heilige Kristen height. So also the word Cuneo which is added ought not to be rendered communion to mine shaft but congregation combined and it is nothing else than in interpretation or explanation by which someone meant to explain what the Christian church is this our people who understood neither Latin or German have rendered gemeinschaft are hi Logan communion of saints, although no German language. Eeks, the Snore understands that thus but to speak correct German it ought to be ienaga minded are heilig on a Congregation of saints that is a congregation made up purely of Saints or to speak yet more plainly Ina heilige minder a holy congregation. I say this in order that the words combined shaft are heilig on communion of saints may be understood because the expression has become so established by custom that it cannot well be eradicated and it is treated almost as heresy. If one should attempt to change a word. But this is the meaning and substance of this addition. I believe that there is upon Earth a little holy group and Congregation of pure Saints under one head even Christ call together by the holy ghost in One Faith one mind and understanding with manifold gifts yet agreeing in love without sex or systems. I am also a part and member of the same a sharer and Joint owner of all the goods that possesses brought to it and incorporated into it by the Holy Ghost by having heard and continuing to hear the word of God, which is the beginning of entering it. For formerly before we had attained to this we were all together of the devil knowing nothing of God and of Christ thus until the last day the Holy Ghost abides with the Holy congregation or Christendom by means of which he fetches us to Christ and which he employs to teach and preach to us the word whereby he works and promotes sanctification causing a daily to grow and become strong in the faith and it's fruits which he produces. We further believe that in this Christian church, we have forgiveness of sins, which is wrought through the holy sacraments and Absolution moreover through all manner of consolatory promises of the entire gospel. Therefore whatever is to be preached concerning the sacraments belongs here and in short the whole gospel and all the offices of Christianity, which also must be preached and taught without ceasing for although the grace of God is secured through Christ. And sanctification is wrought through by the Holy Ghost through the word of God in the unity of the Christian church yet on account of our flesh which we bear about with us. We are never without sin. Everything therefore in the Christian church is ordered to the and that we shall daily obtain their nothing but the forgiveness of sin through the word and signs to comfort and encourage our consciences as long as we live here. Thus although we have sins the Holy Ghost does not allow them to injure us because we are in the Christian church where there is nothing but forgiveness of sin both in that God forgives us and in that we forgive bear with and help each other But outside of this Christian Church where the gospel is not there is no forgiveness as also there can be no Holiness there for all who seek and wish to Merit Holiness not through the gospel and forgiveness of sin, but by their Works have expelled and severed themselves. Meanwhile, however, while sanctification has begun and is growing daily, we expect that our flesh will be destroyed and buried with all its uncleanness and will come forth gloriously and arise to entire and perfect Holiness in a new eternal life. For now, we are only half pure and holy so that the Holy Ghost has ever to continue his work in us through the word and daily to dispense forgiveness until we attain to that life where there will be no more forgiveness, but only perfectly pure and holy people full of godliness and righteousness removed and free from sin death and all evil in a new Immortal and glorified body. Behold all this is to be the office and work of the Holy Ghost that he begin and daily increase Holiness upon Earth by means of these two things the Christian church and the Forgiveness of sins, but in our disillusion, he will accomplish it all together in an instant and will forever preserve us there in by the last two parts. But the term I'll Fair stay home does flashes resurrection of the flesh here employed is not according to good German idiom for when we Germans hear the word fleisch flesh. We think no farther than of the shambles, but in good German idiom, we would say Al first whom does libous or like Noms resurrection of the body? However, it is not a matter of such moment if we only understand the words are right. This now is the article which must ever be and remain in operation for creation. We have received Redemption to is finished. But the Holy Ghost carries on his work without ceasing to the last day and for that purpose. He has appointed a congregation upon Earth by which he speaks and does everything. Where he has not yet brought together all his Christian Church nor dispensed forgiveness. Therefore we believe in him who through the word daily brings us into the fellowship of this Christian church and through the same word and forgiveness of sins bestows increases and strengthens faith. In order that when he is accomplished at all, and we abide therein and died to the world and to all evil. He may finally make us perfectly and forever. Holy which now we expect in faith through the word. Behold here. You have the entire Divine Essence will and work depicted and most exquisitely in quite short and yet Rich words. We're in consists all our wisdom which surpasses and exceeds the wisdom mind and reason of all men for although the whole world with all diligence has endeavored to ascertain what God is what he has in mind and does yet has she never been able to attain to any of these things? But here we have everything in Rich's measure for here in all three articles. He has himself revealed and opened the deepest abyss of his paternal heart and of his pure unutterable love for he has created us for this very object that he might redeem and sanctify us and in addition to giving and imparting to us everything in heaven and upon Earth. He has given to us even His Son and the Holy Ghost by whom to bring us to himself. For as explained above we could never attain to the knowledge of the grace and favor of the father except through the Lord Christ who is a mirror of the paternal heart outside of whom we see nothing but an angry and terrible judge. But of Christ we could know nothing either unless it had been revealed by the Holy Ghost. These articles of the Creed therefore divide and separate us Christians from all other people upon Earth. For all outside of Christianity whether Heathen Turks Jews or false Christians and hypocrites, although they believe in and worship only one true. God yet know not what his mind toward them is and cannot expect any love or blessing from him. Therefore they abide in Eternal wrath and Damnation. For they have not the Lord Christ and besides are not illumined and favored by any gifts of the Holy Ghost. From this you perceive that the Creed is a Doctrine quite different from the Ten Commandments for the latter teaches indeed what we ought to do, but the former tells what God does for us and gives to us. Moreover apart from this The Ten Commandments are written in the hearts of all men the Creed however, no human wisdom can comprehend, but it must be taught by the Holy Ghost alone. The latter Doctrine therefore makes no Christian for the Wrath and displeasure of God abides upon us still because we cannot keep what God demands of us, but this brings pure grace and makes us Godly and acceptable to God. For by this knowledge. We obtain love and Delight in all the Commandments of God because here we see that God gives himself entire to us with all that he has and is able to do to Aid in direct us in keeping the Ten Commandments the father All Creatures the son his entire work and the Holy Ghost all his gifts. Let this suffice concerning the Creed to lay a foundation for the simple that they may not be burdened so that if they understand the substance of it, they themselves May afterwards strive to acquire more and to refer to these parts, whatever they learn in the scriptures and may ever grow and increase in richer understanding for as long as we live here. We shall daily have enough to do to preach and to learn this.