Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down isIs there something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the coronavirus themselves to connect hectic. Wait. It's have a lot of things on the plate. That's why I'm doing this later on Friday morning. But anyway, what are we looking at? This week is priceless to sell that forget to tell me. Let's do soccer because this is Shabbos are obviously it's easier for me to talk about that because until now my mind was until this minute a minute ago in the in the lecture series, which eventual be online. I think anyhow, Prices of her has this weird Parts because first of all, I know if you ever thought about this as is the famous story Charles doesn't kill out all them other great leaves a goggle. I've if you follow the story later on King Saul is killed by an amalekite and that funny that's not harms and clear but I'll tell you what, I mean. I just remembered it from memory at the end of small off and then beginning seoul-based are two different versions of what happened to solve. It's clear that he was in a battle with the Philistines the battle gilboa and his fierce battle. He was killed here. It's all so clear. Well, it's not clear how precisely he's killed. His sons were killed in battle. It says a you know, son in whose it monkey shoe and I mean all of I think but what happened to show himself, so in one version, which I think is this real Olive at the end he falls in his own sword. So in other words, he asked his assistant his nose account to kill him. The guy went do it something like that and you can look it up and he killed himself. This is always triggered a huge debate and Kazaa and afterwards especially in Middle Ages is suicide ever justified in Judaism because it would seem their shoulders and from guy and he was a big time with welcome and so forth seriously, and so if he killed, Covid battle must be under certain circumstances suicide is allowed. Not only allowed us the proper thing to do the poor guy saw I mean, you know killed himself and they told me he's chopped off his head and then they took his body and it did a like a barbecue, you know, they shoved in one end is what it says. They shove the spear in one end and came out the other end of the Headless end and they put him on the wall take they stuck The Headless corpse on the walls of a child as a sign, you know this way do those who mess with the Philistines and What an end you know and is only there was a town you have a skillet a very touching story where he had helped them earlier. So they came middle of night and took his headless body down and took it back to their town. I think they re already. It's a very complicated story and but very interesting one because this town of yellowish keloid was the town from which they took 400 girls back in the time of feel like this we give up because you will perhaps recall that The Tribe of Benjamin was wiped out. Out in the war place. We give it the end of shoved him and I mean literally wiped out and they all like 600 guys left. I think that was the number and then they said what are we going to do? Because we all swore then we win they are daughters off to them. And the first thought was to go to this town. You always kill Ed which for some reason and I participate in a war and they killed out all the many always kill it. These are Jews killing other Jews and he took the women and gave them to the Benjamin eyes. So that's how the that's part of the story of how to I will Benjamin was repopulated. It's a totally weird story at the end of shoved him and that would mean the King Saul was probably descended from there because he's a Benjamin I try tab in Yemen, you know from hundred twenty years later whatever. So it's just interesting that they would take care of his body and bury it. I remember they cremated the body. But then I mean Dana do moms cremation but they like the burned off the skin or something like them buried the bones, which I take to mean that the police that must've really mutilated the body in such a horrible way. But you what they do in the Middle East. I mean the average do it at this minute at this minute if they catch an Israeli, sorry to say and sitting the body must've been so mutilate their was better to burn it and the bones were buried. Yes, then that is actually the end of some olive. So the point is that he committed suicide And as you perhaps know there was a famous occasion in Jewish history when there were Mass suicides and I'm not talking about Masada. I'm Tom Wright from the From perspective and Terror literature been a glorious your dinner use anything any stories from outside the the Bible in the talmud and all that and so Masada and nobody knows if it happened from a from perspective to see if his tells that story of mass suicide when she heard from a lady word from the Romans or maybe they'll around here from the Romans heard from the lady. But the story of Saul is straight into Tanaka's we all know and in the Middle Ages in 1096 and what the coldzera Scott know when the First Crusade came around and I'm sure many people know entire Jewish communities. I'm super from he's SuperDuper from me and the lake 10-under is committed mass suicide me the father killed himself and his wife and two children and everything. It was a real bummer. So, how can you do suicide? Well, why not Charles did it? That's one way. Of reading the story but then I remembered the beginning of a small base which of course is it Christian breaking up with the books really in the Jewish tradition is all one book of small, but I'm using the conventional way and an amalekite shows up to David who wasn't at around that time. It was far away from the battle and he says I killed soul. And you know and because I was there and he tried to commit suicide but he wasn't successful in finishing himself off and he asked me to do it. So I did it whereupon Davy kills him. But the point is if that story is true and it's not clear among them a fortune. Whenever you have these different versions which are almost juxtaposed in the text, you know, then you know, the Bible says this winter a doc says that way and all those another way, you know, so it's a very possible that The second one was Moss be the first one and so was actually killed by not finished off by the malachite which is really quite a poetic situation. I don't know what to do with it. He messed up we all know so screwed up in that way behind a Malik and in the end he had to beg in a Molokai. Please finish me off and save me from the pain and prevent me from falling live in the hands of the Philistines. I'm sure somebody who's a good speaker can do a lot with that thing. Again, if that story is correct, then showing the end of his life finds himself under circumstances compelled to beg and I'm a Lakey to kill himself Saul so he shouldn't have to endure torture. And as I said before, it's quite a quite a story there are other ways of dealing with that suicide shallow not going to go in that now that's not what I want to talk about today, but that irony Ned just described. Is a kind of remarkable because the whole story of shawl is you might better Malik but this itself is problematic. I don't know did I ever discuss this for an apology as I can remember but I think maybe I did maybe I didn't I don't get the whole story with a Molly because he didn't wipe out the whole a multi-nation if you read and she will all of and some other places there are other Molokai territories. I'll give an example long after that story of pie. Jacques are we find David? These are famous. I remember this. Later in his after this happened joining the enemy side and working for the Philistines and he had the him a castle called sick log. And what David does what is he tells his Philistine employers who really trust him that he is going out into raid and Destroy Jewish villages and bring back the spoils and the booty which leads to Phyllis needs to think that now he's really in our society. He switched used to be Jewish and now he's not even fighting. Some people but in point of actual fact the policy tells us he would go to a mall attack Villages wiped them out and bring back the booty and say you got it from the juice. So and the Philistines never learned so that means that there are other I'm only kidding. Right? And while the Battle of gilboa is being fought in Seoul has been killed if you follow this doing small all of the amalekites raid sick log and kill everybody and carry off as captives David's own wives and children and those of his followers as I got the story how he chased him into the desert by the time it's over happy ending, you know, he catches up with them eventually. And kills them and most of them anyway and recovers his family and so do his followers but I saw Charles was supposed to laugh at how corrupt has a moloch. I thought impartially told go away, but I'm all right. So what's going on over here? Is it one particular sexual minimum all the toys if that's the case. What's the big deal that he left a few out there others? Anyway, don't I mean let me put it this way don't we hear 10,000 writer has for Purim. It's like is oh if only show like killed a god. When he's supposed to then a God would never have been the ancestor of the progenitor of humming hisses Holman hardt Gogi and we would have spared all the junk from Purim in which case you have a lesson sort of like marikana, you know kill him all he can that's their idea not true. Even if Charlotte killer gug, they were other molecules and so a human would have emerged or could have emerged anyway from other amalekite ranks because there are plenty of other groups out there that that's clear. Sounds like a hole in this story. I mean it's why we make a big deal about agog particularly. You get the story you get the idea from reading the Powershell prices all heard it there was one group of all the Kites and they constituted the sum total of malachite population in the world. And so if he only killed him out is like getting rid of the coronavirus today, you know the cancer and then we went any trouble because he one left one say that cause the whole thing to metastasize that's usually the way that because I'll present the story of ugh ugh and humming. Mordecai and Esther because remember Mordecai comes from show. So it's like a teak. You know me like the resort like I take gun that you know, Dan says they're messed it up, but they the dissenter got it right first campus. As I said, we're there plenty of other I'm alaikum. We do not know if you ask me a question historically or otherwise, I'm not even sure in history a secularist ever heard of a molecule. I I mean, I'm not an expert in so I don't think offhand there's any archaeological evidence that Whatever group called Molly but you know, they're plotting a lot of Arab tribes that we don't know about so that the me anything but I'm simply saying that from moloch we end up with with juice. For example, the guy who killed Saul says he was in a Molokai. Take care a convert to Judaism of one sort or another really I thought you're supposed to wipe out. I'm all like exactly am I I'ma hook. He's been shown him whether animal a key can be McGuire. But here we are poor time and I know most people listening to this are at least somewhat familiar with the goomar Magilla. I assumed somewhat familiar and there's a famous story. Maybe they Bonifacio hominem determine a brock there, you know humming not all of his children were killed which leads to the question of why not but not all humans children were killed and some survived and converted to Judaism and became receiveth or at least the students in a b'nai Brak of all places. Time will be Kiba here. We keep himself according to the rum bum is a descendant enough from a monkey with a mace of I believe Mesa and then interesting. How do I know that? I remember it said I distinctly remember the Rumba mentions that fact in the introduction to the mission tutorial which by the way, you can get that new Earth's core volume that has my thing and also in the back they gave sure gone so crabby cubed R in central Mark. I'm never heard. It that way, but you know moloch is a grandson racer, right? But I have heard I mean it around mom says it must have a source that there were beekeepers descended from a a so-so. Oh my goodness, right? It's a matter of fact when you get it to the whole story of come to by kamsa is his Nero converted to Judaism never there was a rotten converted to Judaism. Yeah, we know these stories. So wait a minute future supposed to wipe out a Malik and zaheer. I'm all like even Sadi have a mild case of become Jews and from Jews at that. And what I'm trying to say is like this for all we know the person listening to this podcast unless both of your parents are coin and Levi, you know all the way back. You may possibly your from Jew. You may possibly be the same from a moment. Think about that, you know, if you use throttle and when I see you thrill, I mean there's no such thing as somebody who the whole family from A to Z was always a coin Levi calling live recording label, you know, I mean, like I want to think I'm a calling them. He's my father and his father his father all kohanim. That doesn't even my mother had me myself and I and my mother my Aunt Bee Levi, but I don't know where her mother her mother was also lady actually, but you know, three or four generations back don't mean everybody's away be he could be sure of you stroll, you know, where you come from you I mean literally hundred two hundred five hundred six are 800 years ago. Do you know that some of the in family did Mary was a gay or some again, you know, or that's the wrong word was descended from garam and was because they know by that time either and maybe their descent from Amon. That's a nice one when Magilla give yourself a pinch every time you hear name helmet might be yours a be the same way people don't like to hear the unfortunate fact that one of their ancestors is loving. True or not. All the Jews are I mean all the Jews are descended from Loman. So that's great. We got one answer so low and possibly another ancestor Malik or many people have in testimony. It's not possible. I'm only bringing this up because this is problematize is but an intelligent way. The whole story of how she stuck her because the whole gang of parties often seems to be you blew it. You could have finished off the problem once and for all have you killed a jug at the right time. We were never any charts are Malik later on not true. There are plenty of them all kinds of later on by the way. I happen to remember also here's an obscure thing that endeavor young Olive somewhere talked about the tribal Shimon and where did they get land and Possum shot Jimmy got land in the Negev located entirely within the territory of you who to but I remember very clearly it says I think I remember clear made my memories playing tricks on me that a group of Shimmer nights that try when today regarding far away and they wiped out at Molokai Group shares a plate that she'll on Malik. That's we get the expression. It's funny. That's where he come to terms share so Plato which we use for the Holocaust Survivors and she has a plate is a shared something that Cheryl I'm all like if you got a Google or something Google the phrase here's a Plata biblical and you'll see you'll see where his enduring human and that was a difficult lately different group of all the kites somewhere out in a very Ardent. Are it territory? No is roughly what we would call today the western part roughly the western part of Georgia. I mean the eastern part of Jordan and Syria, so who are they? I mean Charles was attacking we think somewhere in the negative. Who's this other group Silvius epis, you know with this whole business Plus we have the statement in the guimard. It really complicates things that everybody knows which is shows shoulders from assistance taboo. I was saying to me for nothing when he comes from large, I was a ghost. That one was Matthias. I'm always wanting was making a king in the third one was the building of a stimulus in which case you see that how should I put it? Let's hear some moloch as a practical task was a big deal wasn't there something on the agenda the three misses it's up there with setting up a market-based covid and something. Building of a some English. Well, I supposed to really go out and buy but all the markets in the world. That's usually how you see it in this form where you get a safer like minion amid service or something like that. So they'll say oh do the midst of on my face I Morgan that means wherever you find them. Okay, you gotta go kill him really you don't find any of the other kings or whatever we're doing there. Like I said before while until it's a oh, you're from all kind of my kill you for that reason alone. You don't find it. So I don't know the answer to this. I'm not sure anybody does but we left with a certain mystery. And the Mystery of course is who the heck are these are Molokai sites where they today are they around or something like that used to be thought when I was young they say I guess Hitler's I'm all again. I know which means which means I'm out here the concept not an ethnic identity and I never like I don't think that's what it means. They said I think what kind of risk or something every day. I used to hear these stories at the mean they're true and people pay stories around. But who are the markets and where are they and if it's a myth from the tower it means it's a dare all the time that would mean in the year 2020 that we're in right now. There's a mr. Matthias. I'm Alec which all messed up and you're not supposed to mess up. But where are they? And who are they and how do you tell now the only thing I'll say and with this I'll close that I have a very busy schedule today. I'm sure you do too. The only thing I'll say is you never know and Hugh and I live in the crazy science time. With the DNA testing and so forth which is getting more and more refined all the time. I know what I'm say sound crazy is totally possible conceivable that they'll come up with some kind of a test from the DNA to figure out who's that? I'm all tight. I have no idea how that would work. But they're doing these things to see who they coming long ago and all these other business. I'm not a geneticist. It's above my pay grade, but I'm not dumb enough to say did it can't happen, you know science is crazy is extraordinary. And so I leave you with The thought are they going to come up with some kind of a genetical testing? I know what basis to figure out who's at Molokai. It sounds crazy in the year 2020 but what it sounds crazy in the year 2050 or 2060 if the world hasn't blown itself out by then was that simple and happy thought so I'll leave you for Shabbos. I hope I will have time. It was my it's my intention as I'm sitting here now. Hope I have time maybe one time sister to do a podcast maybe Emporium. Don't want to do the same thing. I'm going to do in my house for those who in Baltimore neighborhood. I send it out to my lists today. But most of you listening aren't on my email lists, which I send that in Baltimore and some other places, but if you happen to be in Baltimore on Purim then and if you want to pay a visit to my house and we have a Purim see but every year I do what I do is I do a minute London. The same when the more McGill which I finish every year and then we have a party for about 2 hours approximately 1:45 to 345 because I got places to go into you. So if you want to come in that window of time then Barack Sr color cover, you're all welcome. I use occasions like this or when I go out of town on business a lot of time lately, especially this past year. I'm connecting faces and and voices and emails because a lot of people write to me or text me. So forth and there's such a person I don't know who they are, but I don't have occasion to meet them. So as I said before if you are in Baltimore or in the poem, then it's 1:45 to 3:45 and my home which is in six zero zero three Western Run Drive you guys if you're listening to this you're younger than I you know how to look all this stuff open the internet find people's addresses, so I'm not worried about that if I have a chance, I'll try to say something about Purim also, but not one of my long boards because without going for Mrs. Too long for Park guests. Anyway, have a good Shabbos, bye-bye.