Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded.Quite some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there. I also shared why I follow nobody on Instagram. Which is a question I get asked a lot and we covered quite a bit of ground. So I'm really excited to dive in to this episode today. But real quick. I wanted to talk about kind of the Season were in going into March. There's been a lot happening and a lot of my clients just feel tired and drained. I feel tired and drained fuck also some of my friends and you know in the times where we are whether it's sick or Down with the weather or we hit those valleys in life, right? We're not necessarily on a peek. I just see it as an invitation to handle yourself with so much more care and so much grace and compassion and that's something that you do moment to moment. It's not something that you get struck by lightning or the Kool-Aid Man bust through your wall like and it's like this huge aha moment in your life changes forever. I think that's glorified and fantasized, especially in the coaching industry and while we can I have those aha moments the integration with it is staying present and it is in the moment to moment. You know, I always always fall back on my old patterns, but I get to catch myself and I get to shift and choose the new way and the more that I keep choosing the new way the more it in grains and my nervous system the easier it is and then the old ways don't pop up nearly as often or as much and that's just been in my own experience and that's what this Is about is just me sharing my experience having dope conversation with dope people and on that a few quick updates my websites under construction and that's coming very very soon. And I'm super excited to be sharing that with you guys because I had to get it coated because it's just it's an art form. What I'm looking to do on that website. So it's I'm really excited for that also registration for true love accelerator did just close and end. And but if you did want to peep in maybe for the next round that starting next month check the link in my bio to apply for that as well as the heart gang is now open, but it's not like an official launch. So if you're listening to this and you want to be a part of an amazing community that is focused on growing in the relationship with themselves and others as I'm talking emotional intelligence effective communication boundary setting self-love self-respect healing trauma, we cover all of that. And more in the heart gang, and that is an amazing online and in-person community in cities all around the world and it's just starting now. We've already basically had the heart gang you listeners to this podcast and people that are following me. I'm just making it more of an immersive experience, and that's something that I'm really excited about. So if you do want details on joining that that sounds awesome to you it resonated with you at all DM me on Instagram, and I'll talk to you. Tails and let you know how you can join in and be a part of the heart gang and just get plugged into an amazing Community because if you want to change your life the fastest way to do it and the most effective way to do it is to change your peer group. So if you want to be surrounded by a bunch of people that are just like you that value the same things that are like-minded and like hearted Dma about the heart gang. So without further Ado, let's jump into this podcast episode. That's all about getting out of the mind getting out of the head and getting back into the heart getting back into your spirit. You're listening to the heartbeat. So really awesome that we're talking about this because as you guys know, I'm the heart guy, but there's a lot around the mind a lot of topics around now mindset and things like that. So I'm excited today. We talking with be at about getting out of the mind and really get into your soul getting into your heart and you know, this came up this conversation came about because I was like explaining how I'm not following anybody on Instagram, and I don't know if Guys have noticed but I don't follow nobody partially because I was wasting way too much time scrolling my Instagram and not in comparing myself and I wasn't actually doing so I tried disciplining myself to just not scroll but it was almost like this subconscious thing it was happening and you know, and then my mind would race into comparison and all these things. So I just unfollowed everybody and it's been very liberating. And since then I've had a little bit more of a clear mind, but I'm excited to be talking with yet today about this. Welcome to the show. By the way. I know you're here. Thanks for having me. Yeah, of course. So yeah, you were mentioning right before we started recording how getting out of the mind has been of great service to you. I talk about the same. How have you found? How did you how did you get to that spot where you're like, okay, my mind is kind of being more of a negative effect on me that a positive one. Well, it's just the mind is a great tool and if you are using it, it's fine. Like the mine doesn't there's nothing wrong with our minds like our minds are terrific. Like if I had a rake in my backyard, that's a terrific tool for raking leaves. But if that rake was like decided to animate itself and then like Bang into my skull and like send me to the emergency room bleeding then no longer The Rake is like not really that great a tool anymore and I feel like my life. And I don't think I'm unique in this way is very much similar to that in that it's like a Stephen King novel where appliances do come to life and kind of tell you so my mind is something that animates itself without might without my consent. It doesn't like write me a letter of like inquiry and be like is it okay if I like fuck up your day today and know it just like gets in there. And so I you know, I had just found like for me I've had my house burned down two months ago and like what not now sorry one month ago. It was the January 2nd and now it's like better if it's a month ago and I was on vacation in Denver my house burns down and as with all Chuck's like that it was like the mind just shut down and there's nothing greater. No greater gift, you know, not that I'm wishing that upon anybody that their house burns down. It's just that as soon as my house burned down. I was like, okay, you know, like guess we're not going to be for dealing with that bullshit for a little while because I know from a life of so Much tragedy that the mind doesn't have space to exist within that state. Right? Like it just can't so shocks are really nice vehicle to like swiftly burn through all kinds of shit. We wouldn't be able to burn through if we were sitting around thinking about it. So basically what happened is in that space. I just became very Blissful. I got to see exactly that I'm exactly where I meant to be that there's other people in the world doing things that are like similar to me or like like I make even I'm very competitive and so I may see it as like a competition and I'm like they're winning and because of this because of this reprieve I was able to be like no that's not possible because the universe doesn't make mistakes. No one is anywhere that they are not supposed to be so I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be and in that place. I just was like endlessly Blissful every single day every single moment. I'd LED literally never left the state of gratitude and that is not an exaggeration. That is the Just now it's been a month and a few days right that I've just been like endless ingratitude and inside of that. I've also been doing a lot of work on myself which because I am not perfect and I'm glad which I know is also like a big hello because everyone thinks if you're like an awakened Guru, then you must be perfect. Like, oh also that's not fucking true. Like they've been lying to you all this time. And so I'm working on other stuff but I am Blissful but I'm working on some stuff because I have flaws and all of a sudden that start that stuff starts to to get underpinned by my soul. Like my soul is like no I have this under control. I can do this and I'm starting to feel this freedom in this joy that I like. I'm just like, oh my God, this is so Blissful and all of a sudden last night. This happened. I was like looking at my phone and it dawned on me that I'm a total loser yet. Have you taken a moment to consider that you're a total fucking loser? And so I was like, oh well, let me check like let me go to Amazon. How good my book is doing and like oh and then I found some really bad reviews of my book and you can't like replied Amazon reviews. We can't yeah, it was like, oh you hate my book, but wait, I can't even tell you you're a fucking asshole because you can't reply to Amazon reviews and I was like, oh my god, you're an asshole like you and me in person. Have you written a book go fuck yourself? And so I did that and then like it just really hit me and like and then of course I had dreams all night about like Like what a fat loser. I am and then I woke up in the morning and I was like, oh wow. Hello mind like thanks for visiting, you know. Hmm. So you know like yeah, I was going to interrupt real quick and say yeah, I'd say first off like your mind just wants to be right and so if it has a thought that's like oh so you're a loser. You literally went out of your way like out of your schedule every day, too. Prove to yourself that that was the truth. You know what I mean? Like that's the one you said the how the mind animates itself and how it can be a detriment really but I one thing but actually to be fair. I just wanted to say that I didn't go I went to amazon.com to prove my mind wrong. And so I will just say that for anyone who's listening like you'd be surprised your mind is a fucking psychopath and it will kill you regardless of what it's attempting to do because the truth is is my soul if I had Listen to it would have been like none of this matters. But the mind is like I will show you know, and then of course I went with one attempt and found something else, but go ahead. Sorry. I didn't mean right? Yeah, no definitely definitely and I think that manifests in other ways like for you it was looking at reviews of your book for other people. It's going to be like pulling up an x on Facebook or looking at their Instagram or whatever. You know, that's a huge one. And it the only the you know what you're going to find. I mean, it's like I want to check in on them because I care no you fucking know what you're gonna find. You know, how you're gonna feel so that point is just a program that's running a see. I'm right. What was I going to say, though? Oh, I absolutely love your perspective on how you're referring to the mind as this entity outside of yourself. You're not saying aye. And you're not embodying it and I think that's pretty key on how you're able to detach yourself from your thoughts instead of letting the thoughts control you or overwhelm you and run your life because you talk a little bit on that. Yeah, you know my work. I'm a master of the thing called Fourth Way work, which my father was this awakened feature of and I studied my whole life and one of the main tenets is like you need to kind of Get outside yourself so that you can watch your life like a play or as Shakespeare said to be or not to be that is the question and light and I don't exactly remember the exact quote but it's something about life is just a bunch of actors on a stage and so, you know on the The one hand like that can feel very cold and like so it's a real fine line. And since you're the heart guy you understand what I'm talking about, like emotions are super important and they come from getting connected to my body and getting connected to my trauma and getting connected to the fact that I'm going to die and getting connected to all of that real stuff. I just had a baby too. So like getting connected to that. It's like it's excruciating. It's good for anyone who's listening was a baby. It's like it's excruciating and so I mean in the sense of like how much love you feel you're just like no. No, I don't think I can I can handle this. So so on the one hand you want to get into those things on the other hand. You can't become identified with how it goes in the sense that okay. I didn't know that on January 2nd my house was going to burn down. And so if I was really attached to this gorgeous architectural Brilliance that I lived in which was like one of those beautiful homes in the world. I would be very upset about that. And and so it goes that we're going to get attached. Just a certain things and we're not going to get attached to other things and we got to see what is going to be kind of the killer for us and be mindful of those things. Like everyone's different like for me than 80 is a big one competition is a big one power is a big one. And so I know that those things are they can appear real and so the more I am clear on what could appear real I keep a tight lock on like he And I on those things, you know, so I'm not like so one of the things that makes me feel really good is like admitting a flaw because if I'm so addicted to power and vanity then my mechanics are going to want me to constantly be like, I'm amazing aren't I amazing? So like I remember the other day, I went upstairs in the house that were in in Denver and the nanny was there and the kid and my husband and I got upset because my husband like ate all the peas. He's or something and there was enough peas for the baby and it was just like the dumbest. It wasn't like not a real problem and I just got all upset about it and I watched myself get upset. And in that moment. I was like look, it doesn't even matter. I was like, I just get worried about the dumbest shit. Like I was able to caught I was able to catch the moment and not actually spin out about peas and then say out loud I get worried about the dumbest shit and then my nanny left. Which made me feel so good. I was like, oh she's laughing at me. Like this makes me feel so good. So what I'm trying to say is like the the miracle is if we can actually catch ourselves and not get like dragged away. We can actually make fun of this Beast inside of ourselves that wants to kill up. Yeah, and I think that that's again your it's just non-attachment. To a lot of things and I forgot who said it was something I quote. Maybe it was like Yoda or something or like actually somebody not not from Star Wars. I think somebody said a quote along the lines of like be learn to learn to get rid of everything that you our a holding onto or something like that something along the lines of that where it's like what you're holding on to whether that's an identity or a relationship or a house or you know for me it was like my accomplishments learning to let go of and recognize that that thing is not you and it doesn't make you and I think there's also another quote that says your heart has to keep breaking until it opens. It's like you can either learn to detach on your own or God. The universe is going to kick you through the door. Enough times until you learn the lesson because that's what we're here to do is expand and grow and learn. We just have to be present with that and literally looking at it from like you said looking at your life as a movie and these characters from third person and yeah, the more the more whether that's through journaling or meditation or mirror work like that people can just get in that perspective of observing yourself. Not just the things around you really does help with that Detachment from your thoughts and even your feelings that can be so overwhelming at times. Yes, 100% you know just kind of and you know, and it's also about knowing that you don't know like yeah, I had I just went to LA for a week and I had all kinds of incredible meetings and I did all these events that I was commissioned to do and like it was all very like my ego was not hurting if that makes rolling around with celebrities and like, you know, just like to touching my boobs and being like I'm so amazing and like wow that was happening. I You know, I was very careful to not let it eat me because I was like, this is super fucking dangerous for someone like me because the voice inside me wants to say like that's right, you know, like it's sort of like an that. I don't know if it's Cuba Gooding jr. Or like someone I forget like one one like an Academy Award or some award and they were like, fuck you basically to everyone whoever didn't believe in me. You know what I mean like that kind of thing and I think there's this part of me that is kind of a complex. Accomplished quite a fucked on in my life, but it's like I plan to accomplish quite a bit more and I think there's a part of me that's like this nerd. I was never really understood. So that's a bad word to describe me. But like some angry little bitch who's like that's right. Fuck you XY and be like see I did it anyway, and I think that like if that's the person in me who ends up winning an Oscar, I'm fucked because yeah, I'm not going to end up being at the Oscars if that's the mode that I'm in any way. And I'd rather like okay if I win an Oscar great if I don't great, but I just really just want to be enlightened and feel Blissful and if that's my primary aim then like maybe I'll win an Oscar. Maybe I won't like I plan on it, but I'm like will see you know, what happened, you know, totally that's just a completely different reframe and it's all intention like you were saying and I love that you mentioned this side of you if that if you're letting that lead to be very dangerous and that's probably what will keep you. From doing it. Yeah, yeah. So what advice would you have for everybody listening who is kind of becoming a slave to their mind and kind of entrapped in the vortex of that in the moment whether you are aware that they're in their head too much or they're kind of paralyzed in fear, whatever it is. What if I switch you give people to getting out of their head and back into their spirit? I think the advice I would give is to just remember the Paradigm that your life is meant to be a proposal to the Divine not a command. So like if I'm like, yes, okay. So like I'm recording the new record right now and it's coming out in June and you know, I do these huge meditation experiences all over the world and I score them with my own music and now I'll be performing live and my vision yes is to win a Grammy and to actually affect the lives. Millions of people with this music and and my book and so on and so forth. But like I bring that to the universe as a proposal and as a proposal, it's so much calmer because I don't actually know if the universe wants that I don't know and I love that feeling of not knowing like I'm you know, there's that feeling of you've heard people who are winners at life be like you need to visualize it and you say nothing else is gonna fucking get And you know what? I mean and I just love like okay, that's great except for the fact that whenever I've gone that route and I've gone that route quite a bit in my life. I always end up a little bit depressed on the other side of that because in the end, there's no end to that kind of bigger. There's no there's never a place where you've liked your thin and off or you're rich enough like you're always be I had a friend who had a dad and I remember she said to me my dad finally bought a helicopter and he was like super depressed the next day. Because he felt he wasn't Rich enough or like as rich as well growing up in Greenwich Connecticut aware of the fuck that she was growing up and she said that was the moment. She realized that the her life was not going to be about making money, you know, because by the way, this woman makes tons of money but like the point is that she was like she realized that the centerpiece of her life could never be that money thing because she didn't want to end up like her dad and I think it just comes down to this. It's like I want to be blissed-out more than I want to win a Grammy, but I actually I think you can do both as long as you keep seeing it as a proposal and I can like I can propose over and over like you know, how like if you go on a bunch of dates you like. Do you do you want to marry me and spend the rest of your life with me? I'm like the person that really, you know, it's like, okay, I'll go ask someone else, you know, like there's nothing that will open and like in if I need to win a Grammy when I'm 90 like cool or maybe by the time I'm nine, they'll be it's something new like Grammys will be a thing of the past and we really like pippi's or whatever, you know, like I'll win. Whatever the universe or what I call God and I'm not religious like wants me to win. So for the people listening I would just say do yourself as an agent rather than you know, the producer of the film like Sears of an agent what agents do they bring ideas? They're like, do you want to do this and everyone else decides? Right? Right. I love that reproach. And I also just want to reflect back to you that you're you are like in this its intention like you were saying how you're like moving in that direction. Ian to win a Grammy but it's not like I'm going to do this no matter what it's a commits like this you're moving forward with the same intention is just a different way of holding it and I love that. So thank you so much for sharing. Where can people find out more about you and what all you're doing. Well if they don't follow in your direction and abandon Instagram, I am on Instagram and I am at Guided by be yet, which is I don't know if you have show notes, but it's the the is Guided by and my name is be IET. And then I also have a website which is Guided by bi.com and I have some meditations on there. I have a book on amazon.com called don't just sit there exclamation point awesome. I love it so much. Well, thank you again for jumping on the show. Oh my God, what a pleasure so good to be together course for everybody listening go check out her stuff and as always put some heart into everything that you do today.