Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more and today we're looking at.And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light. Suddenly Moses and Elijah appeared to them they were talking with him. Then Peter spoke to Jesus Lord. He said it is wonderful for us to be here. If you wish I will make three tents here one for you one for Moses and one for Elijah. He was still speaking when suddenly a bright Cloud covered them with Shadow and from the cloud that came a voice which said this is my son the Beloved he enjoys my favor listen to him. When they heard this the disciples fell on their faces overcome with fear. But Jesus came up and touched them stand up. He said do not be afraid and when they raised their eyes, they saw no one but only Jesus. As they came down from the mountain Jesus gave them this order, but tell no one about the vision until the son of man has risen from the dead. So there's a lot of interesting stuff going on in this passage. The Transfiguration is quite unique even different from his other Miracles as well. So let's start at the start of the passage verse 1 Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John. So James and John are brothers and Peter as well. So this is often considered to be Jesus Inner Circle of disciples. There are some things that he only lets them see. So for example later in the Garden of Gethsemane on Night before his crucifixion. There's just those three are there they get to hear the prayers and be close to him while he's praying. So he's designated these three as the core group of Apostles. He led them up a high mountain. So in scripture as you probably know people go to mountains to be closer to heaven and to God there's this idea that when you up a high mountain you get perspective on the world and you're also closer to Heaven there. So which mountain is this the text doesn't say say a lot of people think it's Mount table, but not necessarily. Weather could be alone. So Jesus specifically wants this to happen away from the crowds. He just wants the inner group of Apostles to see what's about to happen. Verse two he was transfigured. So basically means he's figure changed his appearance changed his face Shone like the sun. Now this recalls the experience of Moses on the mountain. Remember Moses goes up to speak to God and when he comes back down the mountain after speaking with God I'm in Exodus chapter 34 verse 29 Moses is face is shining from the glory of God that he's seen. And that would make sense because Matthew is often trying to depict Jesus as the new Moses. So by setting up this parallel between Moses and Jesus we can clearly see that Matthew wants his readers to understand that not only is Jesus like Moses. He's actually greater than Moses. His garments became White as the light. So why did his garments become white? We're not told but it possibly it's showing Jesus Divinity or Purity later in the gospel of Matthew. The angel at the tomb also has dazzling white garments as well. So what's going on here? What's the whole deal with it the Transfiguration? We were not given a full explanation in the gospels. We're not really told why this happened but I think we can say based on the context that it appears that what we see here what the Apostle saw there is the true glorified form of Jesus that's being revealed. This is what Jesus looks like in His True Glory if his Humanity wasn't masking it something like that. But the key thing here is Jesus is shining with his own Divine Glory whereas Moses on the mountain was reflecting God's glory. Jesus here is shining with his own Glory. Probably what Jesus is doing here is he's showing his innermost disciples Peter James and John his true identity. He feels that they're ready to know that he is truly the Divine Son of God. So he shows them evidence that that's the case. Verse 3 suddenly Moses and Elijah appeared. So there's a lot we could say here about Moses and Elijah. They're considered to be the two most important figures in the development of Judaism Moses represented the law and Elijah represented the prophets. So presumably by having by Jesus having Elijah and Moses appear next to him that indicates to his disciples that Jesus truly has Divine approval because Peter James and John would have gone well. Elijah and Moses in here and there, you know the greatest figures ever in Judaism. This Jesus must truly be the Son of God. I think it's something like that is going on. So what did Moses and Elijah have in common well apart from what we've said already where they represent the law and the prophets will both Moses and Elijah will well-known miracle workers and they both fasted for 40 days. Just like Jesus did they both were rejected by some of God's people they both encounter God's glory on the high mountain of Sinai and finally both Figures were associated with Jewish eschatological hopes. Both of them were believed by Jews to return for the kingdom of God. So the Jews were awaiting the return of Elijah and Moses. So the appearance here is quite significant interestingly Moses and Elijah both had their bodies taken up to heaven. It appears that way. Anyway, we know that Elijah's body was taken up to heaven and he didn't die and in the book of Jude there's this strange reference to Moses does die, but there's implication in dude that after Moses dies Satan and Michael fight over Moses body which will imply that Moses is body still has a use So that explains why Moses and Elijah can appear here to Jesus, they're both dead, but now their bodies appear probably because their bodies are in heaven and this is a real visitation by the real Moses and Elijah. Moses never actually made it to Israel during his own lifetime. But here he does. So it's quite a nice closure for Moses. He could only see the promised land from a distance when he was alive, but now he gets to actually set foot if you like on a mountain in the Promised Land. So they're talking with him and we later discovered that what they're talking about is basically Jesus crucifixion and Resurrection. So verse 4 Peter says Lord, it is wonderful for us to be here. So Pete has probably been quite genuine. He's not trying to flatter Jesus. He's actually amazed. He probably thinks the kingdom of God Has Come based on what he's saying. Jesus is glorified. We have Moses and Elijah the great, you know, the great prophet and the great lawgiver. They've all appeared at once. He says if you wish I'll make three tents here one for you one for Moses and one for Elijah. So another word there for tense is brutes. Why does he say I want to make some birds or tents for you three, so he probably in this is our quote this from the Catholic comments or in the sacred scripture. It says Peter likely has in mind the tents used for the Feast of Tabernacles the Autumn Harvest Festival in which the Israelites dwelt in makeshift tents for seven days commemorating how God's presence dwelt in the tent of meeting and how the Israelites themselves dwelt in tents as they Journey Through the Wilderness on the way to the promised land. The Greek word he had translated tense is used in the Septuagint for the tents made for this Feast significantly the Feast of Tabernacles. Also pointed to a future fulfillment anticipating the time when the nations would come to Jerusalem to Worship the Lord as King in an eschatological Feast of Tabernacles, Zechariah 14 when Peter Witnesses Jesus transfigured in glory, he may consider the eschatological era to be daunting and thus see To enter into this experience in a way reminiscent of the Feast of Tabernacles. So Peter probably thinks the kingdom of God has arrived and he wants to be really immersed in it by making these boots. Verse 5 while he was still speaking. So Peter doesn't actually get an answer to his question. He says do you want us to make tents he doesn't get an answer because while he was still speaking suddenly a bright Cloud covered them with Shadow. So there's bright Cloud calls to mind the cloud that covered and protected the Israelites in the wilderness. Remember when they're moving to the promised land. There's that cloud that overshadows them. So in Exodus the cloud represented the very presence of God, here it is. Represent the holy spirit. So if that's true, then we have the Trinity here. We have the Father the Son and the Holy Spirit and also on top of the Exodus event other places in the Old Testament depict God's presence as a cloud. So particularly, it was believed that the cloud of God's presence dwelt in the temple and then in Ezekiel chapter 10 because Israel's being unfaithful that cloud actually leaves the temple, which was a very sad day for the Israelites. But the Jews did believe that one day that presence would return When the kingdom of God comes. So again, we probably have another fulfillment of Jewish expectations here The Cloud of God's presence has returned here at the Transfiguration. So that hear a voice from the cloud which says this is my son the Beloved. So here G God is speaking directly to the three Apostles. God is saying that to the Apostle so that they're clear on his identity. They need to know that Jesus is God's son and this is exactly the same as what God Said of Jesus baptism. But this time it's directed towards the apostles God goes on. So, this is God speaking which is quite phenomenal. God says, he enjoys my favor listen to him. So it seems like this whole event is a solution to the disciples doubting problems with Jesus at this point. Some of them are starting to not really believe what Jesus says because it started to predict his own death and crucifixion and I have a real problem with that. So it seems like the Transfiguration is supposed to be a solution to that by highlighting. The Jesus has his true identity and his true or thority. So God wants these three Apostles to have confidence. In Jesus and then to teach the other Apostles to have confidence as well. Interestingly this might recall the prophecy from Deuteronomy 18, which says that one day there will be a prophet like Moses who the people will listen to so when God he says listen to him. It might be calling to mind this prophecy about one day this great prophet who will arise that. Everyone will listen to so it's interesting. All the connections are coming here from the Old Testament. When the disciples heard this they fell on their faces with fear another translation is or and that makes sense. You would do that. If you just heard God speaking to you, but then Jesus comes along and tap them on the shoulder and says stand up and do not be afraid. So Jesus here is probably emphasizing as he does in other places, but he wants the disciples to not be afraid of God, but to see him as father when the disciples raise their eyes, they saw no one producers. So the vision Over and it has accomplished its purpose. Jesus gave them this order tell no one about the vision. Why does Jesus say tell? No one what you've seen probably because at this point it will be too much for the other Apostles. And in fact the public in general to handle they won't understand what it means and they might try and take him as king too early and Jesus as we know does not want that. He says tell no one about the vision until the son of man has been raised from the dead. So notice Jesus he predicts his iron Rising which is a filly phenomenal prophecy. He's predicting that he is going to be raised from the dead. Why does Jesus say it's okay to talk about the vision after the resurrection. Well, we can only speculate but presumably it's because people are going to be more likely to believe the apostles and their story about the Transfiguration after they know Jesus has risen from the dead because if people know that Jesus is risen from the dead well, then they're going to be more likely to accept Transfiguration story as well So I want to finish this section by quoting again from the Catholic comment around sacred scripture. It actually brings together a really really nice comparison of Moses and Jesus here. So here's what it says what these three disciples saw and heard on the mountain would have reminded them of what happened to Moses at Mount Sinai in Exodus 24 Moses LED three of his closest Associates up that high mountain That Was Then covered by God's glory in the form of a cloud for six days. On the seventh day the Divine voice called out from the cloud and spoke to Moses. Moreover during Israel stay at Sinai Moses would enter the cloud Atop The Mountain to talk to God and when he left his face would shine reflecting God's glory and leaving the people in awe. Similarly, Jesus singles out three of his Apostles and leads them up a high mountain that is overshadowed by The Cloud of God's glory as at Sinai a Heavenly voice calls out from the cloud on the seventh day as Moses face Shawn. So Jesus face shines brightly as the people at Sinai were left in awe. So the apostles at the end of the scene a lying prostrate greatly afraid. These parallels rain Forsyth in Matthew has already developed. Jesus comes as a new Moses to the to deliver God's people but Matthew also emphasizes that in Jesus something greater than Moses is here. Whereas Moses received divine revelation of Sinai. Jesus himself is revealed by God to the disciples. The scene underscores that Jesus is no mere human mediator like Moses. He is the Son of God who appears not with a reflected Glory but a glory that is his own. The disciples will soon see their master betrayed arrested condemned and crucified here. Jesus gives three of them an opportunity to see his glory in order to prepare them for this supreme trial of their faith. The scene reveals to them and to the readers of Matthew that the Son of God on the mountain of transfiguration is the same son of man who will suffer and be killed on a hill in Jerusalem. So that's an extended quite but I think that's a fantastic summary of what's going on in the Transfiguration and what it means in terms of Jesus identity and Mission. So there's two places where this where this passage appears in the catechism. So firstly in paragraph five five for which is specifically a discussion about the Transfiguration essentially. We have a recount of what happened. It says from the day Peter confessed that Jesus is the Christ the son of the Living God the master began to show his disciples that he must go to Jerusalem and suffer many things and be killed and on the third day be raised. Peter scorns this prediction nor did the others understand it any better than he in this context. The mysterious episode of Jesus Transfiguration takes place on a high mountain before three Witnesses chosen by himself Peter James and John Jesus face and clothes became dazzling with light. And Moses and Elijah appear speaking of his departure, which he was to accomplish at Jerusalem. A cloud covers him and a voice from Heaven says this is my son My Chosen listen to him. So the catechism sees this Transfiguration as a foretaste of the kingdom of God and also a Vindication of what Jesus has been saying to the disciples at this point about his identity and the fact that he has to suffer. So it all at this point in his ministry the Transfiguration answers a lot of the disciples questions and gives them a taste of what's to come in the future Kingdom. And then in paragraph four four four, there's a discussion about the only son of God. It says the gospels report that a to Solemn moments the baptism and the Transfiguration of Christ the voice of the father designates Jesus as his beloved Son. Jesus calls himself, the only son of God and by this title affirms his eternal pre-existence. So they hear the clear Catholic teaching that Jesus is God and by saying Son of God, it's an affirmation that he existed with God in the beginning as well. Hopefully you found something new that you learned today. I think it was really interesting to dive into the Transfiguration and look particularly at the parallels between Moses on the mountain and Jesus on the mountain here. If you think others would appreciate from hearing this then please share it with them and we'll see you again tomorrow.