Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish people with commanding them about all the laws of the big I deem the clothing that are worn by the kohanim in the Bedtime make - okay. That's the whole Parish, ah describes all the bigger theme in great detail the bigger theme of the kohen gadol and the bigger the bigger theme of Head head yacht the Bible turning point something out. He says it's interesting to note that in this week's Paris are you will not find any mention of the name of Mercy Rubino fascinating why how come the name of motion of a doe doesn't appear in this Parish? Ah, so some of us will know because more shareable who said to borrow them. God said, I'm going to destroy the Jewish people in the Sin of the golden calf. And I Shem said I sure am says helping many step aside Moshe understands that. This is his chance to lobby for the Jewish people so he jumps so to speak in front of God, and he says make any Nam is if your akashic at after erase me from your book that you have written. Please take all of my merits but don't destroy don't hurt the Jewish people. That's don't punish the Jewish people for their sin this if I didn't tell us McKenney nah, Miss America white me from your safer kill a lot siddiq the curse of it Sadiq. Is myth ke R becomes true even out tonight? Even if it's on a condition same thing with me for a Baraka when the words come out of the sadik's mouth. They have an ability to become reality. Even if they're based on a condition because the words of its siddiq are so carefully guarded and are so wholly the question that's espa all the method of Sheamus. Okay. So a shame says Michelle says erase me from your safe here, but he didn't say which set for he didn't say which part of Russia so why specifically the Parish of this survey becomes the perisher that motion a man whose name is erased from The real Naga on gives one answer one interpretation and I want to talk about both sides of this. He says number one Sif ricotta can be divided instead of sitting back on your book. It could be divided into safer 1/2 XX parashah in the Torah from the beginning if you count is parishad the survey so syphilis ha sephiroth always remember thinking about that. I was like really seriously. That's the thing because he says that the Gods Adapt when it has got to be a deeper reason than that. So I'd like to share a couple of different angle a couple different angles on this and there's not ashamed to share with you a big kaduche that I that I was okay to this morning should be the leader shama for Sarah direct very bad Zakir. I want to share with you something special rubber type. This week's parishad as I said describes what we got the bigger deal. And in fact, one of the pistol grip that we read this morning in this effort or I was the bigger names should be for our own he will have or will the father. This should be for honor and for Glory her own Africa for our own your brother. What is it saying to me? Our own Africa are on your brother. The pursuit over here is referencing something very interesting. There is another time when our own is described as your brother when mascara been refuses the mission to become the leader of the Jewish people. What is the pursue say about Roan he rode your brother's coming out to greet you Veronica with some McNeely bow and he will see you and he will rejoice in his heart now. Michelle was worried that our own would be upset that his older brother was passed over and given to given the honor was given to emotion. I've been through because of the dilly-dallying of motion the arguing of mouche the irony. Is that what happens God takes the Kahuna away from motion. And he gives it to whom Tyrone so the dilly-dallying the whirring of more share that our own would be upset is what gives our own these clothes. What we're doing over here about today is not punishing more share by having his name absent from the parish. Ah, but we're paying homage to Moshe to the fact that there are two leaders here each leader at a different quality and their quality stood in contradistinction. To one another and it wasn't that there was a deficiency in one or a deficiency in the other but rather it was the two of them together operating as leaders of the Jewish people in tandem that made the leadership pronged leadership of the Jewish people. So strong red bow tie. I don't me dies. Didn't he moved with such his whole his wholesomeness was such that when something was a Gazette a from a kadosh Baruch who I wrote just accept it with joy what my younger brother is going to be the leader even though I'm already a prophet even though I've been here in Egypt this whole time when he ran away when he was raised in the lap of luxury and the King's Palace. I don't know problem. No complaints there. Akka balsamic balibo rejoiced in his heart. Aharon, steamy mood, his acceptance of God's will his unequivocal acceptance of God will made him uniquely unsuited to be the Jewish people's guardian and their legal and their and their leader because when God came to more share and said, I'm going to erase the Jewish people. What is Michelle's response to God's will he fights with God's will our own what would have you said if that is a shims will Except that's the role of the co n to be intending with God to be more on God's side on the spiritual side than on the physical side. So the reason why our on gets the bigger theme is because their activism Mac mini bow, that's why he's the koi in the reason. Why more shit up there who is the leader is because he's gonna be the one that's gonna fight back. So because of me, hey Nina because of motions McKinney he gets wiped out from the The surfer what does he get wiped out from he gets wiped out of this Parish, ah, the clothing of the coin which is what he gave up in order to be more sustainable a bow tie. That's why the bill Naga own shares that it is always this week's Paris. Ah, that was terrible was missing from not just because it's number 20, but rather about Taiwan why because it's always this week falls out in the yard site of Moshe rabbeinu. So if you think about it, it has to be that this answer is True because if it was a punishment, could you imagine punishing more saira Banu on the week on the week of his yard site? He's down you gotta kick him now and he's down and insult to injury that's not what's going on over here. It's not so to speak the punishment, but rather a celebration of more shareable whose Essence Rebel died. I want to share with you. There was a young girl. Who is having a birthday party? She wanted to have the birthday party and villains in the candy store. Her father said look, I can't afford villains, but maybe I could strike a deal with my local pub, you know, the Rotary Club maybe and has a empty spot in the afternoon. Maybe I could take you down to adapt to the pub. I'll get a good deal on the room you're doing this. No, please take me to doing this that the faucet listen, you know, it's a little tough. It's a little bit more expensive to go to a nice place like that. I look this place is empty. No one's coming. During the day, you know, I got I could get it for cheaper, you know, take it easy on me, you know work with me. Anyway, the kid says, okay, no problem. Anyway, they walk into the Rotary Club the father he walks. He tried to make it a little festive. They have over there that head of the Moose mounted on the wall the head of the ox mounted on the wall, you know, somebody animals those killed in as they head into the fighting and hunting, you know, they're all they're all these heads so that the father wants to make it a little bit less spooky for the All kids daughter birthday party. She gets all the birthday hats and he puts it on all of the animals. Okay. Anyway, he thinks maybe that'll make it light in the situation a little bit, you know, maybe get him out of the doghouse with the wife when she comes and only the kid walks in with all the friends. She burst out uncontrollable crying. Fusses I told you it wasn't going to be Dillard. I told you she says no, I'm okay with the pug that she says what we use. Are you scared animals? She says no, I'm not scared of animals. Just a white guy. She says I'm sad. Why are you sad she said if they were going to kill the animals, why'd you have to kill them on their birthday party? I would die. There's no way that the idea of the emission of more share about whose name. You know, he is on his birthday. That's as gems. It's not a it wasn't a punishment. On his birthday the opposite it was a celebration of the birth of the leader that could throw himself. So to speak throw himself in front of her shame and say even if I pay the ultimate price I need to fight with you to protect so to speak. I'm Israel. Now, we all know that that actually was hashem's will have Shem said head as many as shame said separate yourself from me. Let me do this Moshe understood from God's words himself that Hashem wanted him. Him to so to speak fight back to protect the Jewish people. But again that was not motion. That was not our own troubled. I it's important to understand that it requires two different types of leaders to be able to take the Jewish people to get them to where they need to go and Roberta. That's not only true when you talk about the leaders and the prophets and the rabbi's are of the Jewish people. It's also true when it comes to the parents within a home sometimes appearance, you know everyone in them, you know, you see I told you got to be tough with these kids they need The blue is always one parent that's saying that the whole time he's beating the same drum and the other one that says, you know, you're always so tough on him. If you showed him a little bit of thing. He wouldn't feel the need to be so rebellious, you know, which parents right answer is both of them are right. And it's important that neither one of them should give up their voice in the family in the home because each one of them is fulfilling a distinct and important purpose the push and pull of discipline the push and pull of Raheem these two things. They together create like the spice souk says like the gemara says about Moshe and aharon. She coolly meme we have OSHA name. They are equal to one another each one had a different Model A Different. Benefit to them to them and together the emotion am that together. They are each one of them are as valuable as one another to the Jewish people, but I vote aye and like this to share this idea out even one step further. It's not just two different types of parents that raised a child. It's not even two different types of leaders that raise a child. I want to share with you one even bigger idea right now. Everybody is obsessed with two words. The two words are. Going to be a role model front worse than coronavirus. We're over coronavirus do words our community spread. Whatchu Community spread coronavirus? I know what I need to do is stay away from Chinese looking people we think in our head we're going to be okay. That's what we think Mickey Mickey. No. Wait, that's what community spread means Community spread means. It's not going to help you to avoid someone from China. Why because some of them China met someone from Death from Denmark some of them Denmark that had coffee with someone from Sweden someone from Sweden then sat down next to a guy from Italy next to a guy from Iran. Next thing, you know Starbucks becomes a petri dish. Okay. So the idea of community spread the whole point of the whole point Yosef is that that that it can spread by community that now we're finding people who have no links to China. They didn't travel to China. They didn't travel to China. They didn't travel to Iran. They didn't travel to Italy they didn't travel to Singapore. They weren't on the Diamond Princess. Did it go on any of these boats? They don't know anyone who's sick? They don't know anyone who knows anyone who's sick. That's a definition of community spread. That's what he was jumping up for but I'm right on your side Community spread means there are things that spread by the community, but I bow tie it's not only coronavirus your mushroom or Right that spreads via community case it spreads by community. Greed spreads by Community right modesty or immodesty spreads biker what a people wearing what a people thinking everything happens within this thing called community. And what is okay for you is okay for me a bow tie what is desired and required for you becomes desired and required for me. When a lot of people stopped keeping Shabbat in the All of a sudden people you feel left out. If you don't keep each other up. There was a woman I met on on Madison Avenue. She said Rabbi, I don't know you but you ruined my life as I ruined. I ruined your life. I don't even know you she says every Saturday the years I would get together with all my friends and play bridge, but slowly each one of them. They decided next one if the next to come to the Shabbat if The new class. I can't play bridge by myself. First of all, I thought to myself has Lita. I felt so bad. I only felt Mercy. I felt no anger. I felt that if not having a bridge game ruins your life. It's not the best life. I'm not gonna said, you know, I think that I you know, I that's you know as eat if that's what enough right but but the point is that none of the people in the bridge game were from this community. None of them prayed in Safra. What happened? Someone who knew someone was coming to the class? They said come one time. They came one time only to do them a favor. Then the next one came the next time and then the other one stole the other ones. That's Community spread. Rebel Die one of the most beautiful mitzvoth in the whole Torah is the Mitzvah of Kiddush Hashem Hashem is defined as doing a Mitzvah publicly because you know what? That is that's like taking a running jump and doing one of those Kamikaze cannonballs into Swimming pool because that moment that Mitzvah that you do this giant Splash splashes everywhere, but it's also true red bowtie flew that ship when you doing I've owned when you do something publicly. That's why the get my dad says a person has do I Vera, you know, that should hold him. Let him wear black clothing and then go do it in private. What is the gemara telling you it's not telling you that if you put on black clothing and go do miss I've been on private that it's moutarde what it's saying is let's at least minimize the damage. Let's at least worry about the community spread Rebel tie. Each one of us is part of this living breathing organism called a community and it's very important that we all realize that aside from our personal Deeds our personal prayers our personal class going attendance the Torah the kashrut that we keep what are we doing for the community and Roberta I want to share with The most beautiful thing of all and with this I'll end a man came to me and he says you see that man over there and the Shuli points says his Sadiq I said, he's a sadik. I tried not to show my surprise because I didn't know him as I said a nice guy but siddiqa thought that was much he says I'll tell you this guy talks in the synagogue. Very sharp. Got nice guy, right lovely guy. I don't know. He's a regular guy. He's growing. I love them. I think he's doing great. I think he's going to go from strength to strike. But I don't know what I call him Sadiq yet. He says I'll tell you he says I've been trying to get through to my son for years. I took him two rabbis. I took him to people he said but I know that he idolizes this guy because he does very well. He's very sharp lovely guy has a good sense of humor. So I knew that if I told him to say hello to him and shul to have him to tell him come sit next to me that the kid would make his day. He says and you know, what a few conversations with this guy and my son he's now on the straight and narrow is coming to shoe almost every week disguise as siddiq. Nothing that not I my wife couldn't do the Jewish schooling you Shiva system. I spent all that much couldn't do the rabbi's couldn't do but you did it. This guy did it and I thought to myself. Wow, sometimes we invest in the community and this altruistic thing that weirdo holster and to strengthen the community. Who does it pay dividends to pay dividends to us? Because we all need other people around to be able to help our children our families and we don't know when that said that cow that case it is going to come back so that bow tie it takes all different types. It takes more shit. I've been honest it takes out on a coherent. It takes parallel opposites. It takes the guy with infinite patience and it takes the guy with no patience, you know, sometimes people get bugged out because the guy that has on his up there when he's a professional not Little cousin and it's the guys going he had their watch and the Hassan goes crazy. Meanwhile, but those same guys that are majnoon about the time. They also the guys that you need in shoe because they're the guys that come exactly on time the beginning of the slop because they're very strict at the time. She understand what hurts you on the back end is what helps you on the front end. You see have to have a bigger view of bigger understanding of what community does the guys that have no patience. Are usually the guys that push things and projects forward. So Roberta, it takes all types. I'm inviting each and every one of you that it's here and each and every one of you that is listening wherever you're listening to make deposits in your community to B's okay to a positive Community spread and when you think of those words, it shouldn't only mean someone sneezing on you and butterman and something terrible happening. It should also mean the spread of Mitzvah the spread of mass intervene the spread of coming too. The spread of helping one another despite of of kashrut the spread of going to the McNair the spread of all the wonderful mix vote that we could influence one another maybe not in a direct capacity but through the capacity of community spread Barrel Cardinal, hola.