I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who submitted a video wanting to learn more about love languages. So let's hear from her Hayes family name is Megan. I was hoping that you guys would do a podcast on Love Languages my boyfriend and I have been together for three years now and we have very different Love Languages, but I was curious to hear your opinions on how these different communication Styles can affect your relationship. Thank you Megan. Are you ready to jump into this? Let's do it and disclaimer guys. This is going to be a good episode for Andrew and I because I am really spicy today just and by spicy she means angry. So I'm just full of sass sometimes I feel like that's your love language It is anger. I am a mom that has a lot going on. And today is one of those days you to your credit do have a lot going on. I do and whose fault that is sometimes that's my fault. Yeah. So like today, I love you. You scheduled a few extra meetings that have made today. A real busy, but we're here now holding hands and you still love me. I think no, I do want to talk about it though. Because With Love Languages, I think it's a great topic for our situation because it's in situations like this. If you truly don't know each other's love language, which I took the test and I actually am not the love language that I thought neither my If you don't know it and you don't know how to help out your spouse. It just makes all the situations worse. It amplifies the problem. You could say yes before we talked into what for a jump into what our love languages are though. Yeah. I want to talk about why we think it's an important question to ask other couples with their Love Languages. Yeah. I think it's important. I mean one I'm always curious to hear what people like different peoples love languages are but I also think it's like a test and a Like a interesting way to see how well They Know Each Other's Love language. And if they do if they don't, you know people it's like your relationship is bad if you don't know. Yeah, but it's just a challenge because you're technically asking your significant other how best can I love you. Do I know that answer and if you don't you should I think it's I think it's a really unique thing to reveal about someone so that's why I like, you know, a lot of these people are personality. Is that people see on TV or online wherever but asking someone what their love languages is like a very unique thing to be revealed and I feel like I feel like it's kind of intimate you could say, you know, so I like that question for that reason, but I will say in general, you know, what's funny. Sorry to interrupt you. Say two words so funny and I'm like interesting. How did it catches me off guard every time intimate intimate. Yeah, you get rid of the T. I don't know. It's us and then Word Mir a CLE. What am I am Miracle? You say miracle miracle a miracle. It's a true Miracle Mike. What are you saying earlier? I say Pistachio Pistachio funny to hold on. How do you say it? And I'm all messed up shoot that you're my head. Pistacia. Look now, you're smiling babe. This is the first time now I see those pearly whites. And now I will say in general. I'm pretty skeptical. When it comes to these like tests zodiac you're against all of them. I am and that includes just like you said and your grams landed him a wire again said no. Can I just say one feedback that we get a lot is us talking over each other. So that's already happened a couple of times here just for for future reference. I'll stop now. Anyway, the any Graham is included in that the zodiac is included in that I would say the love language is Example of one of these tests that kind of just puts people in these broad buckets of classifications and I'm not a fan of that because as cheesy as it may sound I just don't think that you can you can dilute a person down to like x amount of qualities like the intagram. Oh, you're an eight sweet. So that means X y&z about you. Well, that's not necessarily true or My love language which will reveal here shortly. It's not just that you know, I just think that the value of these tests provide our one a framework that you can talk about personalities about like talk about personalities with or a way to kind of think about a problem. So hey, how do you express love? Well, there's here's five different ways to do it and your tendency is this one specifically does that make sense? So I don't think it's like the gospel of Here's the one way to do it. And here's the one way I can speak to your heart now. However, I think Zodiacs any of grams love languages can tell you a lot about yourself that Tendencies if you tend to be more like an 8 or A Gift Giver or Capricorn then there is enough information out there that can help kind of guide you. To be a better person in those Tendencies. I do think some people read it as the gospel, but I do think it teaches you like it can teach you a lot about yourself. Hmm. I think that's true. Um, here's why we think love languages are cool because one it helps you get one step closer to showing appreciation and love for your significant other which is really important. But then it also reveals a source of possible frustration. So if you're like really not feeling loved, By revealing what your by learning what you love languages, I can better understand why you might feel frustrated like that and have a potential solution. So well, and I also think something that we learned With Love Languages as I think by default whatever your love language is is how you try to love your significant other. That's what we like fall back into the rhythm of doing however, Your significant others love language could be completely different or opposite from yours. And if you don't actively try and remember. I have to show him love in a different way that I want to receive. I could be loving you like as much as I'm capable of but if it's not in your language, you aren't going to receive it. Mmm, so you could still feel unloved even though I'm trying so how frustrating would that be by the way, I feel like that happens a lot too. I think it happens a lot with us. We even go through like phases where we get frustrated and distant from each other because we feel unloved even though we're trying really hard. I was about to say but we get into points where we will have these conversations and we're like I feel unloved right now. Yeah, and you are I'll be like, what are you talking about? I've been doing all this stuff and it's like well if that's not how you receive love. It doesn't feel like you're being shown that someone loves you. Do you feel up to this point in your life? I do you do. I'm just mad today. I got ya. I'm sorry. I Don't Want to Hold Your Hand okay. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I would love to hold Grant anyways that was a funny joke. Thanks before you took the test. Yeah, what did you think your love language was? So brief overview. There are five different Love Languages and just like Sean alluded to the language that you receive and how you feel loved can be different than the language that you need to give to your partner. Does that make sense? So the five love languages are acts of service. Yes words of affirmation quality time quality time physical touch and yes gifts. Yes. So of those going into the test, which I'd never taken before and you guys should know receiving gifts receiving gifts. Yeah good point the link for this test is in the description down below. We have a bunch of links down there for you guys and every episode Always make sure you check that is a really short quiz. So you should try. I mean it's easy. It's 30 questions and it's not like super philosophical or deep just going to rip through it, but I thought that I thought that my love language how I received loved would have been quality time and physical touch. And I would have said the same really didn't think it was gonna be words of affirmation for you know, I thought you were going to be words of affirmation. I don't know. What yours is from your test. I thought I was going to be quality time and physical touch. Any warrant that I was not say? Uh, yeah, what would you have guessed for me? I thought you were going to be quality time and words of affirmation. Really. Yeah funny. Yeah, we don't know each other at all. This is what I tried to do. Well, this is what I try to do because some of the questions wonder I'm mad today. You don't know me at all Andrew. I tried to really put myself in the situation. The questions were kind of cheesy. I felt like like There I know exactly which category this is applying to. Yeah, but as I thought about like, oh it's more meaningful to me. That's how all the phrases all the questions are kind of raised. I was like trying to picture myself on Christmas morning or in scenarios where you left me a note or when you came home and give me a hug like actually trying to put myself in the situation. And wow. How did I how did I how did I did that spark Joy? I reference Marie. Kondo. I also think your love languages can change based on. On the phases of life here in yeah, because I kept reading a lot of these questions and thinking like I'm a mom now and there are so much stuff to get done. Oh if if I came home and all the bottles were cleaned, I would feel so loved like and that's different than before a kid were we had nothing to do in life then then seemed like we had anything nothing. Like what did we do before get what did we do with time? Anyways, so without further Ado. Are you ready? I'm ready. I have a feeling Are the same? Okay, this will be interesting. All right, I'll count sorry. No, no me first one. Okay access service is mine acts of service and I was nine. I was eight really. Yeah. My second one was receiving gifts. I was in 8th what you I know mr. Deliver buy me a gift. Yes. Really? Yes good interesting. I know this is this is good self discovery for you and me it is. Henin live mine was quality time. Really? That's that one's the worst. If you ask me, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. That was not a funny joke. That is not a funny joke. I heard someone say that joke and I repeat it and I regretted it immediately. You should joke was that's the one that takes the most time and effort. Yes. So that's why it's you know the worst one but that joke dies here today. Yeah, that is not how you I saw that I figured quality time would be your second one. What would you say was your third one? My third one is physical touch really mine was called the time. I have five really I had a six for your third one. I'll see you were a little bunched together every eight seven six five four. I was 9 8 5 4 4 wow, and then I had words of affirmation and physical touch with my fourth and then I had receiving gifts that's surprising to me. Whoa. Huh? Yes, and I thought I thought receiving gifts is going to be higher because I love being surprised by little like little gifts. I remember when we were dating something that meant so much to me and it was so little I was living in my apartment. You were still you're finishing your master's degree and every night. The only time we had to hang out was after like eight or nine o'clock at night. You'll come over for a few hours and every night. I'd bring over a bag of my favorite apples like you would stop by the grocery store mountain bikes two or three apples and it was the sweetest thing or you would always come with flowers and I love like it made me feel so special. It's funny because from my perspective, I would bring these apples all the time because you said they were your favorite you love them. You said like when you come home from traveling you just love to have something healthy like an apple. So I got you these apples, but you never ate them. Yes. I did then I was like, well, I did have an agreement. I think you are seeing her Apples because I ate honeycrisp apples literally every day. Okay, this is really I'm glad we're having this conversation. You know, what is interesting though? I think one of the reasons why Receiving gifts is my lowest. I like receiving gifts. I'm just a bad gift receiver. That makes sense. Yeah, I don't know why but anytime people get me a gift. I get like uncomfortable. Like I don't know how to express my gratitude. I love giving gifts. Oh my gosh. I love giving gifts. I think you're one of the best gift givers I've ever been around. Thank you. So thoughtful. I love like the wrapping process and I want to make it personal and like this whole experience. I love that. You know, it's funny. I feel like what holds you back from giving more gifts is you're a perfectionist about it. Yeah, if you can't have that perfect. I don't get it exact wrapping paper that you want with the bow that fits it perfectly can't wrap a gift and not giving it to you. I think that's something you could maybe work on because you have a lot of good gifts to give you this for this podcast is about you're gonna tell me what I need to work on your gifts really but yes access service was my number one and I really never thought that was one of my love languages. I think that's changed. Since having Drew just because everyday I can feel so overwhelmed with like I need to do this and that and this and that and I need to be here on this time, and they're can just be so much doing today. It gets we so easy for both of us to look at each other and be like, why didn't you do this? Why couldn't you have helped me so coming home and seeing bottles washed or laundry done or whatever makes me feel very loved because it makes me it makes me feel like I've been seen funny thing about Sean when she gets really frustrated and mad I think at me or maybe not at me she goes into like Ultra cleaning modes, you know, we might have had a pile of laundry sitting out for two weeks, but when she gets this certain type of mad, she'll like all of a sudden start cleaning everything up she'll get super frustrated that why do we have laundry sitting out and like it's been there for two weeks. What are we doing? I was just I'm sorry. I also that is something that I learned. And growing up though. My mom is just the most amazing like organized alphabetizes stuff. The house is clean a hundred percent of the time and I think I got it from her where she can't feel relaxed and less things are clean and put in place. So like if I don't have a super crazy life at like in a phase and things seem organized in my life. I can come home to clutter and feel fine, but As soon as my life starts feeling like chaos, if I don't have my house put together and cleaned then I just feel like I'm going to jump off the edge. I want to do an interview with your parents is probably not good for me to say say jumping off of something I did. Okay. Yeah, we can we can maybe remove that. Yeah, maybe so but I want to interview your parents because I think the context of what you were used to Growing Up and what your Did for you has a lot to do with how you feel loved and how you express love. Yeah, so I think that'd be fun episode. Don't you? I do. Yeah, we just have to convince them to do it. I know that's gonna that's gonna be some work, you know, I love language that I think is interesting babe. Do you know what my love language is mate? Yes, it's food and we have told you about butcher box before we love this service. They deliver high-quality. Aditi meets right to your door. I know we've talked about this a ton but we're seriously using butcher box almost every night right now, especially because it's finally getting nicer out. I can't get over how high quality their meat is. So what your box is a meat delivery service, they send high quality meat right to your door. You can choose for curated boxes including a mix of high quality grass-fed grass-finished beef free-range organic chicken and Heritage bread pork or customize your own. So you can get exactly what you want and what your family loves so it's also super convenient. Honestly, I feel like the worst part about going to the grocery is the meat counter and it's affordable it is. It's actually amazingly affordable for the quality that you get. Another thing that I love is that's all responsibly sourced. So like on the chicken breast you can learn about the farmer where they got the chicken you can see where the scallops came from like what ship the scallops came from and they now offer salmon, which is my favorite you love the The salmon we've had such a variety we get the wings from there. We get the steak. We get the chicken breasts. All of our meat comes from butcher box. Anyways for a limited time. You guys can get ground beef for Life new members will get two pounds of ground beef for free and every order for the lifetime of their subscription. When you sign up at butcher box.com couple or inter promote couple at checkout plus shipping is always free go to Butcher box.com / couple or enter promo code. Couple at checkout if you guys want free ground beef for Life check the link in the description below and let's get back to the episode. Where was words of affirmation for you again last which is crazy your man. All you want is Affirmed. But I think it's really interesting. It almost seems like like I feel I feel as if men have like this. Oh, he wasn't told that he was loved enough and he wasn't told that someone was proud of him enough. They're just really really sad. I don't feel that but I think a lot of people do I think in our situation thank you. I love you in our situation. We almost say I love you too much. Is that what you do? You think I do? Yes so much so that it dilutes the punch of it, you know, do you know something you do? Huh? You never say the words. I'm sorry. You replace it with I love you. You'll do something. I'll get mad or whatever in your eyes. Like I love you. I'm like just say, I'm sorry. Okay, you say I'm sorry about And I say I'm sorry too much you say I love you too much. I mean that sounds terrible that I'm saying that it's amazing. But yes anything can be diluted. I'm sorry can be diluted because I say it so much. Yeah, so that when I am actually apologetic and sincere you don't believe me. What a conundrum that is what I don't get out of that hole. How about I say I love you more and you say I'm sorry what? It's interesting. I'm sitting here thinking I feel like I say, I'm sorry all the time. But one of my friends said this and I think it's really good advice if your significant other gives you feedback. It's really important to actually take that to heart and listen to it because they spend more time with you than anybody else and they probably have A better perspective on things on some things and you do of yourself. So so you're saying I'm right. So you're saying I'm I probably not say I'm sorry enough and I'll have to think about that and really do some introspection actually to see if I'm right or not. No, no, no. No, I will say this and again every couple has their things and you notice certain things about each other. You say I'm sorry and you come across very apologetic. You see me. You hear me you listen to what I like need to say and you you're very sincere but it's just funny how like you can get hooked onto things and it goes back to the languages. Sometimes we have to hear specific things. We need certain words. We need body language. We need, you know, everyone needs different things, but you always say I love you, and it's You are saying I'm sorry, so it's beautiful and I shouldn't be complaining because you look me in the eye and you're like babe. I love you. Like I apologize and but it's weird how in receiving it. I feel like in my girl way of thinking because girls are crazy. I'm like, oh he's just he's not accepting that he didn't something, you know wrong. So he's avoiding saying, I'm sorry, so he's just going to say I love you, which is wrong. Don't say girls. They're crazy. But it's I know it's a flaw by me but It's weird. We all have those things but I think in addressing those things with your significant other you can make it. It might sound crazy to you to be like you actually need to hear the words. I'm in sorry like that can sound crazy. But if you acknowledge those like try to voice those to your significant other I can make your relationship a lot better. There's some questions on here that we thought were. Yeah, you ready to walk through those? Yes. I don't have him pulled up. You don't while I may pull them up. Babe, because I got them right here. So one of There's 30 questions. We pick out five. Yes. We thought were of interest and one of them was it's more meaningful to me when I spend a long time with my partner just the two of us or my partner does something practical for me to help out. I had this one is interesting because I'm clingy and I love just being in the same room with you. Hmm. Like we don't have to be doing anything at all. We don't have to be talking. I just want to be near you and your the complete opposite you stressing me out and we'll just one more just they're not doing anything movies sitting in the same room like on computers. He's like what I gotta go my office and you get away now. I think I'm more of an introvert than you are. I think you're more. Shy than I am but I think I'm more of an introvert. So I like to have my you recharged with your alone time. Yes, he has interesting. Yeah, do you agree with me or not that you're more of an introvert? Yeah. We're around people all the time. You're such a people person though. I am not it. I love talking to strangers and getting to know people you recharge when you're alone. Yeah, which is very introverted. Yeah. I think this is my favorite thing about The Love Languages quiz is you should do it with your significant other and the same room go through it and stuff but talk through the questions because it just brings out so many like situations that you haven't thought through. Then you could be doing it completely wrong for your significant other and you're like, wow, I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety. I will try not to be near you as much just because the quiz little cheesy doesn't mean that it's not really good. So yeah, just like Shawn said pull the value out of it that's there. But okay, here's a hypothetical though. So I get recharged around you you don't so how if situations like this arise for people. How did they fix it? We I think it's just like Hey, we're going to have together time. But I also need a little alone time makes sense. You're getting in this you reposition your I facing me and my hip started hurting. Okay. Well, my body language is telling you that I like you again. Yeah. Hmm. Not for long. I'm kidding. It's more meaningful to me when my partner puts his or her arm around me in public or my partner surprises me with a gift PDA. Here's the thing. I am not big on like receiving material items. But what the gifts that mean a ton to me are like a handwritten note, even if it's like on a paper towel or lipstick on the mirror. Whatever that is. I don't like PDA. I love the little notes and stuff. I love that. But I also I love PDA. It's so weird to me. I think it may be an insecurity. I should probably go to therapy for it and figure out why but There's something to me about your significant other wanting to publicly show their love for you that brings me security and confidence within our relationship relationship. So I anyone real dating or just in marriage. Yeah, see now. I'm not saying you should be out in public, you know sucking tongues. When you put it like that practice at real quick, let's just go absolutely not. No just try to see if I don't like you that much yet because I like I'm not saying I encourage that especially dating, but I think there's something beautiful about Not being embarrassed or feel ashamed to show. The love or the Affinity you have for someone as long as you're married, I just think look no, I just think I think you're out if you're out in public and you make out with your girlfriend, whoever that may be at the time. Maybe you have 10 different girlfriends. And then it's like the just the value of it decreasing attend of her almost everything time. Huh, you have 10 different girlfriends with no, but over time it's not diminishing returns because I think I think some of the most beautiful love you can have in your life is the love that you like isn't your forever love. It's what teaches you what true love is. So if you're dating someone and you love them, I don't think it's okay for you not to be like to feel like you can't be proud and show the world that you love them. This is really interesting because I don't think I'm right here necessarily. It's like more of a preference like I'm not saying the PDA is discussing generally, but it's like I hold your hand when I kiss you in public, but it's because like you're my like we're together forever, and I know that it's like It's like more special to me because we're married. I don't know. That's just my preference. I get it. I don't get it. But like I enjoy that you are trying to explain it. Yeah, I just think it's different. I did I do. I think it's different too. We probably view it. I'm more conservative. Generally then you are is that fair to say? Yeah, the third question we thought was good was it's more meaningful to me when we kiss frequently. 4i since my partner showing interest in things that I care about. I kind of leaned towards kiss more frequently. Yeah, it means a ton of me when you're stubborn. We just had this conversation yesterday. You don't want to do things you don't want to do or actually, you won't do things that you don't want to do so when I'm like reading a book Come on, breathe Andrews been and I'm I acknowledge this the other day. I am being on. I mean, I'm measurably stubborn with this and I don't know why but he's been wanting me to like just read. Read books and I'm it started out cute and now you're like really you're freaking book and I'm like, I don't want to you know, you just dig your heels. And if I do I do and it's a flaw I would say kiss more frequently just because I think it's healthy to have independent interest. And I don't think your partner needs to be like oh. Teach me everything about gymnastics, you know mmm, but I think acknowledging that person's interest in me like babe. I know you love gymnastics, and I know gymnastics is on tonight. You should watch it, you know. Yep. Just thinking I just feel like I've watched a lot of gymnastics and you've asked yeah, you haven't asked to watch football. I respect your passion. Hey, that's me all the rules about football and that meant a lot. So thank you. It's meaningful meaningful to me when my partner doesn't check his or her phone while we're talking. Mmm or my partner goes out of his or her way to do something to relieve pressure. for me It means a ton of me when you don't check your phone. I I think that active listening is like one of my favorite things and can make all the world different funny. Because I don't do it much you don't do it much because it's huge for me when I have your undivided attention, but it's very difficult to get hmm. I'm sorry about that. Do you forgive me? Yeah, I'm sorry. Yes. It is interesting back to the kissing one. It definitely changes the different phases you go through because like the first six weeks after we had Drew and the six weeks leading up, you know, it's just like a time where there's not a lot of physical touch and it was like I felt distant from you because of that. Then I was like well, I would really appreciate a cuddle every once in a while, you know. Yeah. Anyway, this is really good. This was really good. I appreciate you putting this episode together babe. You did a fantastic job. Thanks, babe. And if I can learned about you. So if you guys haven't done love language quiz yet. Try it out talk to your significant other about it. This is not an ad by the way. We just truly love the site. Let us know your thoughts comment down below if you think you know, we're on the right track if you like PDA if there's certain things that your significant other could do differently such as like the I'm sorry versus I love you. Are there certain things that like you need to Here. Yeah, let us know now. I now I have a little better way of loving you babe. I am curious what you guys think of these generalization test these classification test and general. Let us know if you want us to do in Enneagram podcast. Yeah, but if you haven't yet, make sure you give this show a rating And subscribe to and whatever platform you're listening to make sure you check the links down below. If you want to take the quiz yourself and learn more about any of the sponsors or fun things that we have going on. We like it all and this week is really big Actually going to MIT Sean's doing a panel discussion. We're doing a live podcast up there with a really exciting guests. I cannot wait. Yeah, and then we're also interviewing we're interviewing multiple. People will wear at MIT. Yeah, all super super exciting names that were it's they're going to be fun in a Rios. I can't wait. It'll be great. So anyway, that's all we got for you this the East fam. Oh,