Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guysUs so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I will start with my first two because these are the these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate react authentically one then make me laugh. So I think that these were absolutely hilarious. Okay. It may have been one of so good of a chef. Hey, maybe one of those things of this hopefully will be where when you're an assistant and your there's a couple of you together one of my best friends, Tom. It was an assistant as well. We were best friends at the time and when you're an assistant, you say these silly things and you just write just crack up. Yeah, you're next to each other. You try not to laugh because the clients there and they just become delirious and we still laugh about it now and actually I did get this one from somewhere else as well. So when you're doing somebody's hair we were colors we were kind of people at the time so you always doing colors. We always ask where the party is 4/10 and stuff at it's someone's really noisy as well. So I was doing this lady's hair and I said, you know, she's talking about you know her day or everyone's like yeah, you know looking at in the mirror cycle. Where'd you where'd you park? You know, like signaling tear that I wanted her to tell me where she Parts her hair and she was are downstairs in the car park. All right, and because I'm so Play I'm So play I was like, oh, yeah pop-ups well tie, isn't it? I hate parking in that one thinking. Oh my God, and then she was like that. It's not what you said was it was so embarrassing but somebody else. Where's The Parting? She's like, oh, it's just a similar time was shampooing somebody's hair. So you take me over to the and typically you get some twat that comes to have their hair done with a polo neck on. Yeah. She's really annoying. Yeah, and I said to my husband like full-on that's so irritating special when I come in from like dark tints and I come in at a white polo neck. Anyway, we were just assistance at the time, but he was standing there and I was at the base next to him and he was saying he said to her. Can you roll your turtleneck down and I would but I can't afford it. Still to this day. I have no idea what it could have been. Can you roll your turtle? Can you roll down your turtleneck a word back? I would but I can't afford it the fuck. Did you think we were right next to each other as well on all the way through we were absolutely just absolutely creasing up and we still I mean, what could she possibly have? Thought I've no idea. The great one Theory Patron hold this like but what has she in your mouth? What must she thought we don't that would but I can't afford it. Oh, no, that's well. I got said one. That's a bit of like haven't quite heard it and I love this one because I just I mean I can be the good old innuendo Queen anyway, but I love it when I told her you all remember everyone people missing things that people said, yeah. So this lady sent in when I worked in a salon I I asked the regular customer who was in her 80s if she enjoyed having sets done bearing in mind that she's not coming for a shampoo and a set once a week, but the customer heard it wrong and replies. I don't have a husband anymore. I'm for my face was bright red. She realized what I had said. Luckily we both laughed it off. She's never been in the cylons it. Come back. Imagine a hero dog. Don't get sex. Thank God. She didn't elaborate on how she does have sex. These days could have been could have killed of yeah could have got bit way to we've had a few we've had a few stories about we've had some good old people. Yeah, but a lot of them are about pee and poo somebody somebody Say one about she was really old and then she was quite open in her conversation. And she said she said it was just sitting there and I try everything and apparently she just fucking tell saying I had something something about shagging everyone when she was young. They were like, she was really like unassuming old woman and she just blurted out how much sex you survive the trip awesome. All sorts of I bet I bet you the best stories. I mean having worked with salon owners for years the things they tell me are always pretty special but I mean being there and having to remain professionals rather quite the thing is it is when you another another one with an older lady that somebody had sent me was That she had the old lady but her some more teasers in nice. I think it must have been like a Christmas figure they doing a lot of room. So she said I offered them to the lady during me doing her hair and she said, oh it's been a long time since I had two balls in my mouth. So the girls that she put it she said something like she was only 19 And then burst out laughing and the moon was like and then she realized what she said. She said. Oh, you've got a dirty mind. So she didn't quite mean being t-shirt. It's no beansie bag. She said, oh you've got a date in mind. You have a mini it was because the something to do with Dentures or new teeth or something that she couldn't have eaten too once. I said yes not like girls who she was something Tina. Yeah, not my casting full on a good job that she had a decent personality. And because I love that one off. Well, I think she came back. I had another one about a girl who was mortified that this is more like a blond moment. So she said that she was carrying on and I lashed into the client and wild while the client was lying there getting it in. It doesn't she realize that there's something missing. She kept looking around to figure out what it was and then she realized oh it's the music so she walked over to the stereo and turned on and the client who was still laying there patiently waiting for it to come back said oh this is magic. So it should probably know I just I just turned on with the power switch after a couple of seconds ticked in ahead and she realized she meant magic FM. I don't know that she was a magician. Oh bless. She was thinking that she was Paul Daniels. Is it Paul Daniels? I just make is that the right saying he was a magician? Yeah. Well, they don't even better Harry Potter wand Debbie McGee coming out of the box. So I had another one. I had one more. I'm on a Mobile hairdressing page and I asked on there and they must have some hilarious stories. Somebody said this was a great one and she asked a shout out to be listening when it comes out. So I'm going to let her know but she said I had a guy in. He and I'd asked him. You know how I've been what's happening and he tells me he lost his dog. So I gave him my saddest face and said oh, that's a shame. Did you have him along? He looks at me confused and said I had since I was born turned out it was his dad not his dog. To the making of me. It's pretty awkward. So I always obviously really sad about his dad toy really sad. You get we do get people in and like they've just lost a husband a wife of like 60 years. Yeah, it's really their they're not quite so funny. I'll see if I can find a funny one. Yeah, the story ends our husbands. No, no, no fun. No funny ones of those but that's what I had for miss hearing or say funny things that we miss here. Yeah, so I think what we'll do next week's episode is I think we'll talk about Bodily fluid because we have had an awesome Jesus. I mean, yeah that we think we're going to have to have several episodes of bodily fluids. Maybe we're gonna limit us to type of bodily because one for poo and definitely one for seamen because the clock the semen ones have been sent through then I don't have oh, no, let's not talk about that one just yet. Good grief. Yeah. Yeah Greg did that come from a beauty therapist it did. Yeah. Yeah one of those yeah got one of those. Yeah, we'll have to see how they compare absolutely amazing. Well, thank you so much listening to secrets of a salon owner and like you said at the beginning if you have any amazing stories to tell us then you can send them to secrets of a salon owner at gmail.com. Also, if you want to be if you want to sponsor one of the podcast send an email to the same address and we have a Facebook group for you all to join. It is UK salon owners and soon we will be launching. Five day free challenge. So if you have some stuff and you just need a little bit of help of how to motivate them and how to retain them and how to make them super duper happy then please do go on to our Facebook page and sign up for your free place. You start the 30th of March and lovely all to join and from the 1st of April. We will have a membership group that you can all join 17 pounds ninety-nine per month and it gives you daily training on all aspects of running. Running a salon. Thank you so much for listening. Catch you later. Bye. Bye.