All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs. All it takes is a San Antonio lost a Sacramento No loss A New Orleans Pelicans loss and to Lakers winds were actually one Lakers win, if any of those things happen and we are officially back so you eat it's lit Tommy. How does it feel to almost pretty much efficiently be back in the playoffs. It feels fantastic. This is weird. We've been doing this for so many years and we've never been I've never been a playoff team. So it's going to be weird to actually like talk about games that matter like her. We important. Yeah, it's insane. So yeah, but it's awesome and the excitement's definitely here and the anxiety is returning to because I think we have a pretty good team, but I don't think it's like so obvious that we have the best team. So we'll just have to see what happens. Yeah, it's obvious. Okay, let me go we'll get into that in this show because we obviously talked about the the final roster spot now vacated by Troy Daniels who we will be facing off against pretty soon again because he just got schooled. Cooped up by the Denver Nuggets. So so cheap dude, that's not gets are trying to steal some Insider info very true. Very true. But before we get into all that Tommy, let's quickly talk about how fun and dominant Anthony the brow Davis was the other night versus the Sixers where he looked like a 6-10 Kyrie Irving out there dribbling behind his back going into spin moves and then scoop T doing it up for these Nifty lay-ins and floaters and just hitting Is did you know that in that in the year? 2020 Anthony Davis is shooting 43% from three-point land. It's insane. That's know. What did you think about Anthony Davis and then I guess we can transition to as well to LeBron James because as I mentioned in my beautiful intro these two seem to have dialed it up a bit and we will need them to continue doing so because the next you know, seven games stretch here will really be a playoff tuneup for the Lakers if we've ever seen one so quickly your Thoughts on how Anthony Davis looked last night. And then if you want to transition just talk about how dominant LeBron James has been as well in the last, you know, one or two weeks, even though both of them have sat at least one game, you know, LeBron James pulling up for those 50 Footers. But yeah Anthony Davis first, so I guess yeah, I mean, I've been very very impressed. It's interesting because with a guy like LeBron you have that you have history to look back on and be like, okay, we pretty much know what this guy is going to give us. During the playoffs like LeBron every once in a while. We'll have like a I don't want to say bad because that's like may be misleading but not up to his standards had game during the regular season, but in the playoffs those games like our view and far between I mean, he really ran stuff and then like his good game sir, really epic, right, but with Anthony Davis we have less of that history to kind of fall back on. So personally I was getting a little concerned of like does he have that next gear? Here and I guess I just underestimated him because he clearly does have that next gear. I mean, I think he's shown it in very limited bursts and I hope that's intentional to be clear. Like I hope he knows what he's doing and he knows that when like when he can get to that point and I mean if you remember what he did in that Portland series a couple of years ago, I think it's pretty clear that he does know how to turn it up, but seeing him turn it up and random, you know circumstances like the Philly game just so insane because he's Top 5 scorer in the NBA top five defensive player overall in any position in the NBA and he is not even like going a hundred and ten percent most nights. Well, he that's the crazy thing. Right? Like you have a guys like Russell Westbrook who I'm not saying like this is a bad thing. But I mean Kobe was like this right but it's like guys who are you know, how they're going to play every single night because they play that way every single night and they don't have the next gear. Because they're constantly playing in the next gear. There are guys like that but you know Anthony Davis is just you just kind of assume that like, oh he is playing like that because otherwise how would he be this good? But apparently he can be much better. I mean, you know beyond hitting threes, which is fantastic and it's going to I mean that that is going to be huge as forget 42% but if he's able to hit like mid-30s from three in the playoffs that would be phenomenal, but if he's able to play with like this stuff Miss and intensity, it's just going to set the tone for the rest of the team. I mean you saw it at the end of the second quarter of that Filly game and beginning of a third but mostly the end of the set again his defensive intensity. His physicality is like He his whole demeanor changed that entire game. It's all of a sudden LED started. Everybody else playing Super visible. Then you had Avery Bradley ripping the ball away from dudes. You had like LeBron James just like destroy. I don't know who he just completely packed at the end of the second quarter, but he like destroying that dudes life, you know a just like you it UPS everybody is intensity so much and it's like it's crazy because LeBron has been criticized for this. His for most of his career, but LeBron is enhanced when he plays with better players, you know what I mean? And I don't think that is the thing. He should be criticized for it. I mean, it's amazing that he is one of the greatest players of all time. If not the greatest, you know, some might need some I'd say when his careers over he is still like so he's so much better when he has like Elite teammates because he doesn't necessarily have the skills that are want to be the guy who's going to take 30. Shots and like shoot you into a win, you know and do that kind of stuff, but he will be there to make all the right places like make the Superstar highlight Place score but like as a second more of a secondary option, so I guess what I'm getting at is it's going to be very very important for our postseason success is if a d is a true like 1A 1B type scoring option as opposed to just like second option, you know, and I know maybe that's a little silly to say because he's leading the team in scoring. But I mean, you know what? I mean, like it's one thing to lead the team in scoring and another thing to be like we can just throw this guy the ball and is pretty much he's going to get us a bucket like we're pretty certain, you know, so yeah, let me jump in real quick about go ahead. Sorry because Anthony Davis, I mean you cite granted, you know in the Philly game no Joel embiid. No Ben Simmons. We know that but I'll Horford isn't a slouch Tobias Harris is still there as a wing and I think you just saw Anthony Davis Kind of turn up the physicality wherein he still has been putting up numbers, you know this entire year and let's be clear Anthony Davis at this point. We should know this is not a post-up player in the likes of Shack or Kevin Garnett or maybe even Pal Gasol right toggle saw was a little more skilled, but what he is is a tremendous face-up player who has ridiculous handles and Nifty spin moves and like he's got those crazy up-and-under layups that shouldn't be possible for a guy his length, you know that we've seen and I think just the Sixers game. You just saw him be more aggressive in totality. Right and that's kind of what you want to see and most of the time we've seen that aggressiveness on the defensive end the entire year, but we started to see it on the offensive end as well where he was just taking it hard to the rack, you know, not afraid of contact was able to bully ball a little bit more. So I think that's what was most encouraging about Anthony Davis has performance against Philly and like I mentioned, you know, it's upcoming stretch. You're going to be going to the Milwaukee game. We're going to need that come Friday. I mean, it'll be interesting to see if he's able to translate that to Milwaukee against the Clippers we got Denver coming up back-to-back Utah game. So it's I think it's a very difficult seven games, right? Yeah, very very difficult seven-game stretch and I've surmise up until this point that I feel like Anthony Davis knows his body well and this is one of the not one of the few few seasons where he's been healthy for the most part this entire year, but I feel like he's been in game load managing as well and sometimes yes, he settles for too many. Jump shots, but I have to think that he's just going to turn up the physicality and bang a little bit more down low once the Playoff starts and if last night's game is any indication then then hopefully we're going to get a more physical physically dominant and more aggressive Anthony Davis. So anything else to say on a d or Lebron. The only thing about LeBron is I think we all have to keep in mind and I hope I'm proven wrong about this, right but playoff LeBron is a thing but He's not going to be playoff LeBron when we last saw them like two years ago. You know, I think LeBron James now is a very different player. I'm not saying he's worse. I think there's a lot of things in fact that he does better now. I mean, you know, he's obviously he's leading the league in assist while still putting up like big numbers scoring. His three-point shooting has been phenomenal this year. I feel like since post All-Star break. Maybe this is just, you know by visual perception or whatever, but I feel like he's been shooting free throws a little bit better maybe Just making that up. But yeah, but he's also not been going to the line. So that's a whole nother issue. But that's another issue for like I you know, that is another thing that's going to keep us from winning in the playoffs this year. But and that's nothing against LeBron because he is attacking the rim, but I did some of the calls. Anyway, I just don't know that we can expect like LeBrons turning it up a notch to suddenly be like, it's LeBron from six years ago who's just like gonna take you off the taker big man off the dribble and go to the rim and just dunk over him, you know, In early, you know, so we that that is another reason why we really really need to have Anthony Davis just like up his game a lot and then hopefully maybe pick somebody else up who can take some of the creation burden off of LeBron, right? And I think if anything LeBron James May mentally still be that same person, but he might be forcing the issue come playoff time and his body just won't have it. So that's where Anthony Davis has to close the gap and I think he will Okay, before we get any further with this show. I just wanted to remind you guys that I am your host Jonathan Hernandez. And that is my co-host Tommy Alexander. But also please follow us on Twitter at Lakers Legacy pod, please also rate interview US on iTunes because the more you rate and review us that's how many more times Cal kuzma will attempt to dye his hair even blacker to try and regain rookie mode Coos Mania before the start of the playoffs because Lord knows we need Zero Dark Thirty cooze. Whatever that means Tommy, we actually got our first rating or our first review for 2020. So I will read it. It is from Jay the one and only his title reads fun guy here love listening dot dot dot and then it got cut off 5 Stars great podcast that intro song helps me wake up in the morning better than a cup of coffee. The jokes are quotes are hilarious whether they are bad intentionally or not. Still hilarious JK guys great job. They are bad unintentionally, unfortunately, so thank you Jay the one and only man, it took three months to get our first review. Come on guys. You guys are slacking. Let's turn it up playoff intensity mode for the iTunes rating and reviews as well. Also, if you'd like to help us out in any small way financially you can go to patreon.com slash the Lakers Legacy podcast donate a dollar because I started doing quick postgame recap. Of my own where I do a solo pod right after a game and just give three quick key points that I witnessed from the game. I'm calling it 3, what did I call it three seconds or three in the key. Sorry. I'm calling it a Korean the key. No, they're called three in the key because I give you three, you know highlights from the game that I appreciate three key takeaways from the game. No, it's called three in the key because you know three in the key because of whatever anyways, yeah soda paste giving three keys. Yeah. Exactly. That's the point but yes donate a dollar and you can listen to those postgame Recaps by Yours Truly lastly. We are brought to you by lineups.com. Okay, before we take it to break Tommy. I just wanted your quick thoughts on what Markieff Morris has shown you in his limited amount of time with the Lakers. I think it's only been about a week. I thought he's been very solid his three-point stroke looks pretty wet when he has shot it last night's game was probably his worst game as a Laker but I mean nothing. To really hold against him. One thing that has surprised me is he's a pretty good team ball Pastor like he passes the ball pretty well and play makes within the flow of a team's offense. So he kind of fits that pace in space motion offense type deal. So that's been a pleasant surprise to see and obviously, you know, he brings that toughness grit mentality, especially when it comes to boxing out from the free-throw line using his big booty his a thick booty. That's thick with two Seas. But yeah, what have you seen from Markieff Morris so far? I've been very impressed. I mean like we got this guy for free basically, right? So it that makes it that much sweeter, but he's shown that he can hit an open shot. I think he's not shooting as well as he shot with the Pistons, but obviously it's a very small sample size and some of the shots that he's taken have been like very contested and I feel like when he's open you feel pretty good about it, which is more than what you can say about a lot of guys on our team. Maybe maybe not a lot but a few he brings a level of physicality that I really appreciate. I don't remember if I talk to you about the separately or we talked about it on this pod. But I was at some point, you know brought up like what it even be worth signing. I don't know if Kenneth Faried was the example but you know somebody of that nature who can bring some sort of grit and toughness to because you need that in the playoffs. I mean, I think the phrase enforcer is over you Use because it's like we don't need a guy who's just going to go out there and like be people out for no reason but it would be nice to have a guy or maybe even two guys who can sort of set the tone physically because I think the Lakers do have a bit of a reputation this current Lakers team a being a little soft. We've seen that at times right? I mean like, you know, I'm not going to get into like how they get down and then, you know all of a A sudden turn it on and when games because they've been doing that all year and I think that's more of a mental thing than anything else. They have talent teams will most nights but there are certain like, you know, and I'm not going to say we're bad against all the good teams, you know, everybody's got a new metric everyday about like this subset of teams. Look at the Lakers record, you know what I mean? But like I do think there is a trend as minor Trend that I've seen with some of the teams that play really physical defensively they They can get away with it and they're not going to face the same like we're really good solid defensively but not maybe physical when you watch marking Morris out there like on free throws boxing out. I mean my God, he just left like fuck you like targets a guy and just throws his whole body weight into him and I'm like, okay I look that makes these guys think about it. You know what I mean? He's had some really really hard fouls and the pain he stood up already. I like his second or third game with the team. He likes stood up to defend Dwight. And you know, we're not nobody else really reacted and frankly. I don't think Marquis reaction was warranted, but I did just like a nice thing to see you know what I mean? Yeah, so I've been really really pleased with all that I think the ball movement and like ability to dribble the ball a little bit. Like you said is was a really good observation. I think nobody talks about that with his game like he's viewed as more of a for I think we're as like his brothers for sure viewed as more like a scoring Wing but I think Marquis has that I frankly I trust him with the ball in his hands more than Kyle kuzma. I know that it's different in kuzma has asked to do different things but it's nice to have another solid vet presence who can reliably hit a three who's tough. You pretty much know what you're going to get out of them. He's like a known guy around the league and I've been I've been very impressed and I'm very happy and I hope we actually work am in a little bit more. Yeah into the rotation. And I think if anything he will I know a lot of people have been saying like adding Markieff Morris helps put him at the four spot and then also allows kuzma to shift down to the 3 spot. I'm actually more intrigued about just Markieff taking away some minutes from Javale McGee when Joe Veil is being loopy, you know, because I think that's a thing that's starting to rear its ugly head. Even though JaVale has had some really nice games including that six-block game against the New Orleans Pelicans, but you know what I'm talking about, so if Markieff just gives that that ad It you know padding and and buffer and insurance for whether calculus is being stupid or Javale McGee. He's being stupid, you know know it and I think what I'm about to say is not been fully realized and I think it will be realized in the coming weeks as we move towards the end of the season but like a big part of what we were going to do in the playoffs is play small ball with ad at the 5. I mean you just have to do it to match up in certain cases. Like we've been avoiding it and forcing other teams to match up with us during the season. I think you can get away with that. That during the season but once you get into like the knee gritty like here we go. It's time to win these like, you know, yeah extra over managing everything. I think like you're going to need to use more 80 at the 5 and I have a lot a lot a lot more confidence and Mark he's playing the for in those scenarios than Coos playing the floor. Now you got nothing against Coos it just their body makeups. Like Markieff is a grown man who's very very strong and I just have so much more faith. So I think those lineups are going to start Look a lot better for us. And so we will be able to avoid to your point these situations where we sometimes have to go with like JaVale just because he's another big man and cruises and having it defensively so that's another benefit that I don't think we've even seen yet. Yep. I agree. And also last point is I think on a permanent basis he's doing better than the Clippers acquisition of Marcus Morris who in 29 minutes is shooting 41% in 28 percent from three and only averaging 10 points. It's so there you go Lee so far. Yeah. Yeah, but I mean we got Marquis for free and just on the value play it's true. And that's true with that said we will pitch it to our sponsors take a little break and when we return we'll close it out and talk about JR Smith Dion Waiters. Allen Crabbe, etc, etc. All right, we are back. So the Lakers at this point have worked out both JR Smith and Dion Waiters. I think they are assessing I doing their personality assessments or whatever. I'm of both these guys and determining next who will fit this team and who can be relied upon in the playoffs more importantly, I think from a personality standpoint in a locker chemistry standpoint. Allen Crabbe also got waived, but personally for me, I feel like we already have the better way better Allen. Lab in kcp. So kind of seems redundant to me. I'm glad that the Lakers have waited up until this point to make their assessment waiting for the March 1st deadline, but also, I think I mentioned this to you on a Facebook but we've got this upcoming seven-game stretch and if they choose to wait a little longer, I wouldn't be too mad because this next seven game stretch against Milwaukee the Clippers Brooklyn Houston, Denver, Utah, Utah is going to be very telling to see like what actual glaring Always do we have left after we've already brought in Markieff Morris that we still need to address and it could I mean the most obvious one would be primary scoring and creating which Dion Waiters and JR Smith are but I don't know some other glaring flaw May rear its ugly head here during this playoff tune-up that we aren't attuned to yet and it might benefit the Lakers to wait, you know, three more games just to see okay. Do we really need Dion Waiters and JR Smith or do we need to you know pivot another Direction? It's likely we're still going to go there. Away, but I wouldn't mind if they waited either or I wouldn't put it past them with that said do you have a preference between JR Smith and and Dion Waiters at this point or do you have like a dark horse that we haven't even mentioned yet? Which way are you leaning right now? So first point is I would really like your point about it's a good thing that we waited and I actually you told me about your idea of whole thing about how I go next time in games like important. It's like a it's essentially like a playoff dress rehearsal and it's going to be very telling for what our needs against the elite teams actually are and I like that point so much. I stole it and told other people to make myself sound somewhere nice FYI, but I like it. Yeah, but they're as of Right now I'm leaning towards its JR Smith Jr. Smith has the proven like I've been there done that with LeBron. I've shown that I can rain threes and crucial playoff series. I showed that frankly. I can turn games. I mean everybody remembers him for like the LeBron like, you know me and where he's like boys Hands in the Sky Jr. Call the timeout, you know, he's Jr. Is going to be Infamous for that probably until he retires, but that was not defined. Pining for him. I mean you can't point to that and not point to like all the success he had in their title run and yeah, how many huge threes he hit and not just like huge threes. Like the calves were running an offense. That was very predictable. I mean they had LeBron doing his thing and then they otherwise we're trying to get like their Shooters open and you could win the when the playoffs come like it's not so easy to just run a guy off a screen and get them a wide open shot. Right like the defensive intensity ramps up. The physicality ramps up and JR Smith has proven that he can just catch and sling and Rain threes and we don't really have another guy. Who does that like most of our guys we have some good Shooters, but most of them are spot up like I'm going to take my second here to gather myself and then shoot it and I just think date Jr. Brings that different skill set. We wave trade Dale's to create the spot Ray Daniels was like a 6-3 guard Jr. 6 7. So he gives us a little more of that size. It gives us a little more flexible again another vet. Who if who's or somebody kcp. Danny Green who ever is not just like shown up that night gives us another six seven like body with length and experience and Veteran Presence at throw out there. And I mean JR Smith and his day was not a horrendous Defender, you know, we're not talking about like Isiah Thomas or something out here like this guy could hold his own so I like him for those reasons. The main reason I do I don't Take that Dion moves the needle Dion Waiters moves the needle for this team. We have so many guards who are playing pretty well right now. Avery Bradley is playing very well for us right now. Alex. Caruso is playing incredibly. Well K. CP is playing pretty well. Danny Green is obviously always going to be there and so when you think about it, like we're already not giving minutes to a guy like Quinn cook who can hit threes at a high cliff and we're a team that needs a guy who could hit you sometimes look we're already not giving you know that him minutes. We're probably we it's not going to be the case that we played Rajon Rondo this entire season to try to make them fit and then suddenly he's going to be kind of out of our playoff rotation. I mean, I already think is minutes are going to be reduced. I guess what I'm saying is like when the minutes start to ramp up and you have like LeBron and AD averaging like 39 minutes a game, you know, people forget LeBron is averaging like a career low in minutes right now. It seems like he's playing a lot but he's playing under 35 minutes a game and and that's a career. For him. So when his minutes ramp up that just cuts down Rondo even more and some of our other guards who were playing well like Caruso, I think his minutes are only going to go up from Hoops. Are you coming out or no? I think Kuru says minutes are only I think going to go up and that's going to cut out more time in the back cord. And so, you know again tying it back to your point about the next seven games are going to show us a lot. I think these guys Caruso LeBron ad are going to be playing a lot of minutes. Minutes heavy minutes and these big game pouring games and we're going to start to get a sense of like we're guys fall into like more of our playoff style rotation. And once we see that I think it'll become clear that like, okay, where could we possibly even put Dion Waiters in to where he can come in and make an impact and like a five to eight minute burst II personally think it's going to be very hard to do that for a guy who's you know, a ball handling like I'm going to try to get my own shot. Kappa guy and it's weird because like I think that's I'm just like super officially are our most glaring need but I just feel like JR Smith, you can throw into a game where he hasn't played the last three games and you're just throwing them in for like a six-minute burst because everybody's cold or like something I'd wonky with a rose Haitians and he could just come in and hit three threes for you in that time like Turning Game and like he doesn't matter either. He's hot and cold like that since it means nothing for him. So I think when I think it's going to be important to see like do we even have a spot in like our plant? We play like 10 11 Guy. This is during the regular season and in the playoffs, which is crazy because we were not supposed to be like the depth team but in the playoffs that is going to get cut to like eight or nine guys, you know Forever at least for most teams. That's how they do. I'm not saying that's a will do it. But when you start thinking about it that way it's like, okay, who do I feel with to just come in with like, no, you know. No exposure to the cord and you know body not warm and and come in for a few minutes and produce and to me that's JR Smith. Yeah. I mean, I actually agree I give the front office the benefit of the doubt so cop-out answer. It's almost like 5545 Jr. For me. I would understand if they went Dion Waiters way because I've seen the clips of him being physical and aggressive on defense using his body. He's become a better spot up shooter in recent years and has a little bit It more playmaking creation ability than then JR Smith has I understand all of those things. But and also at least this year. He's actually played basketball, you know what I mean? So that's a kind of a pro in Dion's played like four games. Right? Right. So it's not that big of a gap. I tend to side with you with regards to Jr. Just because he is he does give you more length. He's like six six six seven. Dion Waiters is another six-four six-five guy who like fits in with like five other guards that we already have. You mentioned and if need be, you know, like I said if kuzma is being stupid you can play Jr. At the three and also playing alongside. Kcp. Yeah. So I like that added factor of it and then obviously he has he has a rapport with LeBron James LeBron. James knows him trust him knows his Tendencies. And Dion Waiters has only played one playoff has only been in the playoffs once actually in his entire career JR Smith has been there. I think at least seven eight times. I mean, I remember him on the Denver Nuggets raining threes on on us and right it was Kobe Trevor Ariza Bynum Etc. So I think just for those reasons alone and also just because I like the like wild card Dynamic of Dion Waiters, I guess and obviously he's younger and has that has I guess more upside but you're not really mining for upside from like a 12 man. You mentioned you just you just want a guy that you can throw in there and I think it sounds weird to say but JR Smith is just going to be more dependable come playoff time, even though you may like be, you know, uncovering a diamond in the rough and dear. Waiters once you put them out in the playoffs, but there's also the risk that this guy just absolutely wets the bed and he becomes unplayable. I mean, I guess it's not that big of a risk because you're taking him on as a 13th guy, but I think if you're looking for break glass in case of emergency type guy that sounds more to me like JR Smith and also fits the age range of more of our veteran guys like Markieff Morris Dwight Howard LeBron James just just dudes who have been there and at the very least have the intangibles and Won't Be Shaken right? I think from a It'll aspect you want a guy who's seen everything. Dion Waiters has seen everything because he's been chewing on gum. He's but not from like a you know, like a playoff perspective. He's only been there once so I think in that in that sense, I tend to agree inside with you with regards to slightly leaning towards JR Smith. But if they go the Dion Waiters around I wouldn't necessarily, you know be opposed to that either. I just think that they vetted them both pretty equally and decided that there is some upside here with Deion. So yeah. I would definitely wouldn't be opposed. I would assume that they have much better information than us. I mean, they made the Dwight Howard signing which has been one of the biggest key signings of our entire season, but you know, it almost feels like their behavior with this whole situation kind of suggests where they're leaning. I mean de Dion Waiters is the type of guy where if you want to add him and you want him to actually use that skill set that you're looking for which is, you know, more creating playmaking get my own. Shot you would think that it would be a no-brainer. Right? I mean like Jr. Doesn't do that not only does j or not do that. But if you want to add Dion for that purpose you better have them now because there's only like 20 something games left. Right? So like you need to like get him some reps. I mean, he's barely played this year and he obviously has not played at all with this team. So like you need to get him some reps if you actually want him to be a guy who's going to have the ball in his hands the whole way they're approaching this with We'll see what we need and we'll address I get it and there's a multiple reasons why they're doing it. But I also think that's just going to be more reason when they ultimately are ready to make the decision of why it's better to just get JR because you know what he can do right like you run them off the screen or had him stand in the corner or whatever, you know, he knows simple, you know off ball screenplays, you could just he's played with LeBron. He'll know where to stand and catch the ball in fire. But three like that doesn't require as much getting as many as many reps. A guy like waiters where it's like, oh, we he needs to be out there like running the pick-and-roll in like playing with these guys and like getting himself into a Groove because we he's not as established as Jay are wearing, you know with Jerry you can kind of just rely that are you know count on the fact that he's been in the league for like 16 years and can just go in and make it three, right? It might be another like mini kaku's must scenario where you're like, oh do we need to give this guy like five possessions first to get him no going right, but I agree with you. And yeah, I think that's pretty much it. Lastly. Obviously we've been talking about this seven-game stretch and I hate to place so much importance on it. But and this isn't even coming from like a fan perspective, but I think from the team's mental perspective. They need to I think at least go five and two I know that sounds ridiculous, but I think I told you this but I think they need a home on all of their energy and focus for this next seven games and if they want to arrest and lose the rest of their games after that by all means go ahead and do that and start doing the load management thing. But this is our closest thing we're going to get to the playoffs and seeing how ready we are for the playoffs and I think if we obviously stay healthy throughout all of it and don't overhype yourself, but I just hope they really focus in on these games and really put their best effort out there and win. Okay, maybe four and three, you know, at least four and three so that they can feel good about themselves mentally. Do you agree? No, I agree at least four and three. I mean 5 and 2 would be a great outcome in this stretch and I think would really make us all feel and then certainly the team feel like they can compete with these with the best teams. I mean to be clear I would like we've already beaten Houston twice. I'm pretty sure right. Yeah, and I think the one game that we lost them was kind of nonsense. So like we've shown we can beat them. I think we beat the nads already. We haven't been in the Box. We haven't beaten the Clippers we have beaten the As I think both times we played them but the Jazz are playing a lot better now than they were playing when we previously played them. But yeah, I mean, yeah, I think your point is well taken and I'd part of me thinks that they are approaching it that way. It's obviously impossible to know but the random Golden State game where LeBron, you know will suddenly got hurt and had and I mean he was load managing and then like the New Orleans game where a deal it was load managing. It's sort of felt like they they they're all marked this game on their calendar. You know, it's like let's play the Philly game because we have three Off after that first, like two nights off after that and then we'll we're getting ready for the show, you know, so I would be pretty surprised if they played the load management game during this stretch because I think they are going to use it as a litmus test and we're not like the defending champs and we're probably not even the favorites to I wanna know about Vegas but you know by NBA expert opinion the favorites to win the Championships. I think we need this as a as a litmus test to see where we stand. Yep. I agree with you and you will be at the game tomorrow, right? So that should be fun or I will high-intensity fun high-intensity playoff basketball against Giannis without said, that'll do it for our show. Thank you guys for listening. Please follow us on Twitter at Lakers Legacy pod, please also rate and review us five stars on iTunes. And with that said Tommy I will bid you adieu. I don't think I've ever said that before. But yeah, I was like, huh, and then you do sir. Thank you. All right. We'll catch you guys later. Peace. Peace.