Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network. So my God, this is Emma Lori, 91.9 Basta Elmo. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Organism. Maganda. Maganda Ang agua Blanca salmon. Wow. So the vine t-shirt is at our Smoked Meats on a Tuesday morning. I'm agile and don't land on the June Gloom pump a good vibe. Well, I like in kick over the ninho. I'm gonna dress Helix day Garbo. So tell me I'm gonna healers now glad boss'll power. Anyway, when we discuss ammunition wagon you on choppy sexy beautiful peanut feeling. I'm Mega about what's a pictures of videos of fevers sexy good. The personal Myra dilatory nagaimo are Maria feeling. Yeah. Hey my career my video up on a nigga turn to spread. This is on my dick. Give me one minute. Guess I win you're in I'm being a swab in and banging - yeah, but I'll get more rain, but I'm be nahin luggage 60 Radha government. My name is Rico Suave, baby. Brother Bernie, but I'll be gone today is February 25. Holiday by on okay. Bye holidays, and I just Day by my Amazon and I didn't English G is not mine. I'm Really Gonna know I'm gone. English but a good morning said yeah my moon and my mother good morning, but oh pass on both of you and all the people of misamis Oriental. I will see good morning everyone, but I'm hungry birds all the drivers and cars and available. Good morning. Yeah. Thank you for ship. You're ready. Yeah. I've been trending you got on my Gala and healing synodos franchise boo. Sadena Toy Story anger on someone. Holiday my Donna Karan proton can heal on body clock. Nana got Lon Nakamoto away classy, good morning. And a lot of break was kind of a shout out to my students. I think about the look Barn kilometer. I'm gonna take a holiday. Yeah, I do my own which is NBA way. I'm trouble Hunter amazing rice: Hard-working running on the hard-working hard-working guy even a service-oriented pneumonia trabajando. Good morning. Happy for some free phone if our fulfilled before our and first hour after dinner - Wednesday. That modulator dig in I'm a pastor in today, but let God. so good, / Wednesday Park Come on. I'm boiling at the last hearing people its ability to sell. Okay. Wow, Nina Mona Used to Know gone when im a manabu one and a microsite and ideally they came up with like a boa boot on last year's. an Imam or nationalism I'm thinking of a number between Brown I Can Happen up honestly, I don't the newest taupe. I love you know word per word sentence percent everyone at this is the create this became my identity and young and yeah research Met Gala. It more money show all grabby. Oh, oh. Oh. Hello Joaquin today or Lopez katigbak. So Lopez. They happen John CLK CLK. He graduated high school from savior. Mmm. Such a no one save your school is unknown and earned a degree, huh? Hmm degree burn. Oh did it? Degrees are calling in management engineering from Ateneo de Manila University in 1991. Mmm katigbak started his career in 1992 as a financial analyst for first Pacific Capital Corporation possibly delay the Nana, but I'm 21 years old Palencia Michael in natural couldn't do you doing brother? Two years later hmm cutting back with berries adroitness. Oh ma long's a possible witness little you know, what sad right now right now. Oh, can I suck it? I'm gonna drink some tea in the morning. able Corporation Kathy back with cement all consumed in Tunisia label goodness. You good reasons would cement his reputation. As one of the country's top corporate managers by making Sky among the most profitable media companies in the Philippines. Wow, the Magic Bullet in 1999 Canadian apart when Kathy back was 28 years old. he moved to ABS-CBN was assigned as a Herculean task - a dining Herculean can undergo glad I was born masculine as re-build abs-cbn's online business and make it the country's leading digital media corporation on the internet you only G time every time somewhat. Okay. Bye. Well, he's the Tito of Heelers King as head of the internet platform from 1999 to 2004 the digitalization of abs-cbn's content once he was able to make the internet a highly profitable. For the corporation he was assigned to him Sky cable with ABS-CBN bought in 2004. So English manager will get those selected away Storia in December 2015. ABS-CBN Corporation announced a big shift in its leadership. The corporation's president and CEO Charo Santos control would be retiring from her post and will be replaced by Carlo katigbak real. Captain January 2016 rain I think Buck is a car seat of ABS-CBN chairman emeritus Gabby Lopez Advantage Advantage money gonna take over. bunty's can Asana I will no peanut Sound like anime. not the Guatemalan people Court they made him an email and oh man, did I actually still like it Derek? A king's hat on his head that allow government good inside. Don't you think I'm silly did good. So knowledge. Yeah. Deal Ali my said mother bunny Spider-Man, but with great power comes from sweet great response responsibility and problem for being a boss balibo. Cocoon is a boson grabbing up a kasama sober and Pakistan when the de Ribas. I'm on my way over nunca. We not take a lion. ha ha ha a friendly and how much ambition ambition anymore huh healing segment because he said Get my swag not cayetana guys It Go pop up on perform months people restrict. My pressure own a pressure demon whose idea below subgame. Perfect. Formulas Osaka Boson. Monet Manet and Montana for you little what's up. What's the best one boss and I said, I am broken up in a pool. Boston on okay, okay, but for parama home better person you can on your own boss now Medusa branca, chill, but sometimes one Goodwill box of bronica Yokum or old clothes not even a gaps on tendency more directly my friends. Still the boss and you're still not gonna get willing to go beyond. You can say 291 lat. I'll go get her bring me joy stick to the back to you little what kind of boss is for you is a perfect boss for me Hannibal Seaboard being a perfect hus like I never though I must say up Carl demaio. About that. I need to man. The other like you can with another briefing. Let me my being at an awkward them up on what time we got In fairness Equity compared with her never let her get embossing a must must go now history early case. I wonder how good I am. I gonna get them, you know and go. Wow. It's about to pop a balloon in the name of the book Rudy by now. Let me know how you do it. Oh my God, huh? My God battles boss for me. It's gonna hold. You know, well, we couldn't Street for Wars open for communication fixed area good so Mom that inspires getting my inspired to go Bubba bushka didn't get AppleCare. The meaning of that push and pull. Yeah, I'm sorry. What's the meaning of push and pull on a push-up cardio post-poll first Apple Porsche play the limo is the city Pole. Witness Choppy a little open each other where else I don't play the Corrales ba special guest. So if they want to invite you for a sad sad and movement your PA made a little easier the taxi drivers. But I thought about the letter for today. I rated SPG strict import new by and Gabbana Magoo Lanka Sri Lanka Sri Lankan Tamil language chorus on sexual horror or Drogo. Nahi medium Coke summer, Ibaka. dear My eyeglasses are in your better burn Maria billing error Egos wahby, and little English are oh goody to your brother burn Maria billing hero Rico Suave B and C. You lead to English, sir. It dug una lengua Nene has a panel and see Alberto. Just call me. My name is Alberto. Mi cyan't I dos anos de Covent Garden wobble. Yeah. I'm almost 32 years old, but did not be make a relationship. Um, but by Mo and I know Guy you go someone about buying. I don't know anymore. What do you mean Taliban? Why am I scared? I don't know why I'm scared that kind of girl Western agali Moto Blanco Baba a macaroon. There's girls win. The one that abandoned when I'm in front when the end front of Grandma orders are called for me. Body shaking their seeking the body because of called following am Juarez. I don't get to the boat and got a Roy night was talked about by Nazi occupied building Nicole. But Mor the work, I have a Workman. There's always the girl will be loading will be turned around, right? T will be flirting for me was I gonna cancel but there's a Time the others all my friend to what they mean can tell there's what they mean. Can someone second-order Maria bully at ease all the work with always be teased for me. Am i setting on an island among go go go behind me. How much Mor the trolley at did not be alike of girl, press upload a nylon line moving about my ankle. There's another girl like it. Look so good Anakin good man. Yeah, this is the sucking of love life. salamat empanelled Dunnigan These are going to cheese is not because they are. But I'm finally cooling Brad Mogollon skinny, but a billion about that. Little bird, no boyfriend since bertner a couple gonna make a box. I wanna look carpet premiere on Melissa. The minimum amount of money we give this one. the memorial a boot on Uranus on Motown Log mom, we did a mango drone our Conquest being raised a given wave will tell her we're good to go Alberto. What a golden apple guy you relying upon. Let's get Mom can never get show you guys three sizes among polisher mid-june. I don't know what Sammy Junior Incredible Hulk 3XL mango now go Come on. Look at Alberto Alberto contador newspaper. Roberto man, good morning morning, Mom. My sermon today nyanko podoleni Madam Ron's mobile mobile and polisher Team Wang pans. It was Safety Shoes some of the other uniformly quantities old mask. Come on, you'll meet an Imam. Okay. But you'll only get get look at it again, but you should also go go get Circle get down the hill and bit set. Your hyung Good Vibes guy you every day. I'll prepare my like the in 2005 receiver and thank you. I'd make it your way. Is it getting a drama but it's all right. Yeah, I do. Don't go buying a cup of sake Taco. I remember the first few days in my life. Yeah, see I'm buying and a couple he looked very happy that you don't know geek. Oh my God. Nick is a kitten. excellent we did three three five two zero nine Bleh bleh is red. We bring we no no, no nobody will you put the work anyone mumm-rana them do but long anymore. Alberto the biggest pizza Merry Christmas And so I'm going to get him out of the water. Catrin Tanaka one upon an innocent family now yeah I think on any mom look how you need timoney Binaca Mommy goodbye Albert 200 sasebo, Japan I'll be more something new to do. I know you ain't nobody had any you back on and keep on going microwave position. What is the economic dependency? Alberto You can look at the social real gonna unload Albert Albert. Come on, look at my eye. You can Bank on for example, Macadamia dolls are gold coins pretty coming Billy I did. Europe the penniless I'm gonna make a 2000 to get a break oh my God Alberto are you anabolic body home offer a break? We serve better. Oh not forget pretty simple, but good taster. That's good owns a good way. It is like a balloon. Blossom from wood and malathion can use the office get one week Dosha bouquet duration while huh do you so when I was talking to you When the body has good music tho XD. Well, I don't know Singlish the same my ex-girlfriend TVs in the same mirror face of my ex-girl brain. I don't know. I don't like came a dump. Slum a pogo stick there are deep inside in my heart because I get a message from cousin can Stir It Up? I know sir more than trabajo Duro / - already sitting in this room suite see Talking already you forgot your birthday party Come on, look up a balcony gitanos a golf course. Our training is all about this morning in the cheapness apana what I'm doing a mocha. Hi Brittany. Imagine a guy with a mega mega Ade. Someone else's spam 1kb Flopper marijuana, and then there are more number was like you got anything else Emma Romina Castle? So in talking about what what did you guys have fun on your main? Love you got in here. It's O'Donnell again Union in love poem or yes. I am life, and I'm not gonna focus on It's 8:50. Dude. Knock Bob Mollica. Mullet Restless eager. Just check run run run run run. He'll Escape brother Bernie bit of blood healing and Maria filling era. I'm butadiene. Look ugly Rico Suave bear. Hee hee hee birthday. Okay. So what do you say? Hello? Hello. Are you gonna let me go? you know I've been told bent announcer good morning see Eugene skis park ski wow see papa Eugene coming win a thousand and one brother who's and I didn't some exclusive look at him oh my God It's a miracle you think that led to senior high seas hit medical gear and More Jesus. Guy like DJ see American abolishing it. Oh my God advice is my story. at Lisa Marie car Love life buddy Carlyle, but bubbling a sexy driving somebody car more somewhat Castle also get malicious sailing a breastfeeding LeBaron. But then when I'm not willing that be breastfeed is still best for babies. And for that is yellow someone at this. Yeah, and you got a problem with Alberto, Alberto. No, it's all good. Alan. Connealy physical peak on physical appearance and Iman problem. But autonomy young man must delima tone and Marlon young indo-canadian. Kaisa ended long unknown, you know body as we go older. I mean, you know Maria is that told that beauty is just the icing of the cake. But meet again, I want to sample and cake. No guapa, Anna Maria. Any building next to her is why you will get the Hex Girls Beauty set and they approached cake on here on Indiana. surprise Bit though, Connie Limon carry much as a more caring caring. I know if curling if caring when I say more potent. mulatto say more coffee reminds me mails someone like Anna businesses I'm going to meetings you know Selena sensitive game jin-ae of ganja but I an idiot yeah and in the office meeting me on Sexy come on come on no Anna yeah PC Master popey it's an ambassador is saying as a master poppy mola certain area but I'm not asking brother Bernie because without feeling Maria filling era be negotiating low gaggy Rico Suave are always remember that laughter is the best medicine but if symptoms persist good