Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you go to what spin to the top of the puff and stuff Facebook page and you could be one of the want to call guinea pig because that makes it seem like there's some sort of danger. It's there's no digging. No. No, but you could be a tester if you will product tester. Um, my mom uses it on her back dream, right? Yes, and she has had Back problems for years and she is way too young to be dealing with this kind of back pain, but she's gone through all the Hoops of like physical therapy and you know all the different doctors tons of medication, right? She has not found anything that really helps but it was really hurting her on Saturday. And she said I just need my CBD lotion. I need to lay down. Like it really really helps her smile. It's great for like chronic pain. You've been having and there's no other solution. She loves it. Awesome. So it's working for Steph's Mom. It could work for you guys, too. So again, Pin to the top of the pufnstuf Facebook page. Why do you want to try it and we'll pick some people again, it's more or less going to be like random. We just want to make sure it's a nice eclectic group of people that are going to be trying out the new products and very soon not right now, but very very very soon. You'll be able to walk into CBD American Shaman apiece stores and just say hey, I'm here from the pufnstuf podcast and they'll give you a week's supply of product for free no purchase necessary. They Want to try some of their stuff nice. Yeah, so I'll tell you guys when that's going to happen, but it's coming up. So it is Wednesday and that means it is would you rather time I wrote this one myself. Okay. So this isn't a controversial one. No, no, let's keep it simple. I you know, I look through all these fun. Would you rather questions on Mike? I want I feel like writing my own. And it's kind of based on something that we've talked about before. Would you rather attend your own funeral? Like you're legitimately dead you come back as a ghost and attend or read the minds of the people at your wedding both are so tempting. Right? Like are there people not ants like she does not even look good in that dress. Right? Right, but I also really want to see who's crying at my Funeral I don't know though. Here's the thing again. I want to hear the thought process. Okay. Here's my thought process. Being at your own funeral you're not hearing the thoughts of the people at your funeral, right? You're just going to be there you're gonna be there and you'll be you'll be able to see who's legitimately sad who's cracking jokes who was drinking beer in the parking lot not taking this seriously free game in the funeral right see but with the wedding you would know they're genuine thoughts. I feel like people can fake the sadness at the funeral. But at the wedding you would know what they were actually thinking that might be a little bit more appealing to me, but I've always said that I wanted to know who Came to my funeral and what people said about me. So I think I think I would go with you neural, you know, people can fake it. We've had this conversation before about being at our own funerals and seeing who's sad stuff. Right? So I wanted to use that as the base and I started thinking what else would you want to know? I mean, we want to know who would come to our funeral who would be like, I'm busy that Tuesday. All right, you know, yeah, but then I thought wedding because we've all Some of us are that person other times we know that person who's like I gotta go to this stupid wedding on Saturday. I give it six months. Anyway, he doesn't even know that she's been cheating on them. Yes, people say that stuff all the time, right? Okay. Wait, are you reading their minds while you're getting there? Like you can see what they're thinking while you're getting married? Yes. I don't know I get so bothered by what people think about me. I think it would ruin my wedding day really think I'd rather just be naive just Totally unaware because if I was up there like we're holding hands looking into each other's eyes smiling and I could tell that someone in the audience was like, oh she does not look good from this angle. I would I would cry I would just start crying. I do not feel that way. It would not be happy tears. So I don't I don't think I could emotionally handle that. I'd want to see people at my funeral see I'm choosing the wedding really because at your funeral, it's over right you're dead. That's sure you're seeing who's there? Who's not if Mike didn't show up, you know what never liked him anyway screw right? But at your wedding supposedly, you have still a very nice long life to live. Oh, that's true. So, you know, which one of your friends are backstabbers or like conniving talk about you behind your back have bad thoughts about you and then you could be like, oh well All right there Melissa, you're getting cut out of my everything. That's true. The knowledge could be better put to use because if you're already dead already done, what's the matter? What's the matter? That's so true. That's a really good point. I don't know those sometimes like I accidentally think negative things and I don't mean to so I wouldn't want someone to be reading my mind. You see I would think this of you. Because I know you I know you better than pretty much anyone and I would think that if you thought a negative thought you'd immediately put a positive thought on it. I tried. Yeah, if you were like, oh that is not a good angle. It's probably just where I'm sitting from. It's probably that person actually has a great angle right? It's probably just a Sun hitting or not quite if the right angle like, oh that that is not the right dress for her body shape, but you know what, it's what she wanted and it's her wedding and I hope she's happy write operations try to bring it back around to something positive. I really think that that would be your inner monologue. Right? But sometimes you just think things that you are not trying to thank and then you can't stop thinking about them. Does that ever happen to you all the time like in you just can't stop thinking about something loud though. You just said just comes right out the filter. Yeah. Yeah, like you're sitting at a wedding and be like, oh, wow. He really married up right? That's why I actually that was my inner monologue at my own wedding. Did you say that out loud? Oh, I've said it out loud. So many times so many times. All right, so we'll put that up on the Facebook page. Would you rather attend your own funeral or read the minds of the people at your wedding so tough one? What do you want to do? We are getting stupid. Very stupid we have several stories in today's show about the stupidity of not just Americans but human beings is General. I believe it on cell phones, or maybe we're all eating lead and we don't know it. I don't know but 38% of beer drinkers 38% This is a huge number will not order a Corona beer because of the coronavirus know I saw this online. I was hoping it was just a joke. No, They're like, well, I'm not sure but it's just not worth the risk. The beer brand has seen a large drop in sales because of the coronavirus there is obviously I can't believe I have to say this zero correlation between Corona beer and the coronavirus are you positive and you know what next year when the Heineken plague comes out they'll have their you know downturn to imagine being like the people that work at Corona and are making less money because people aren't Smart, I'm just it just makes zero sense. Do you really believe the coronavirus has anything to do with Corona beer? And if it did don't you think they would rip the entire Corona selection off store shelves, right? Do you think they'd really still be selling it and advertising and just going on business as normal like just Corona have to put like that to spend marketing money now to retrain Society to let them know that they have nothing to do with the coronavirus. Probably they could actually use it as a fun marketing opportunity you Gotta Be You gotta be careful though stuff because people are dying trust me. I know I literally work in digital marketing. I know people get ya people take things the wrong way and get upset but they I mean they could they could do it in a tasteful way of kind of making a joke about like, hey guys, like why are you not buying our beer because of this right? Not the same thing or maybe they can do something where they maybe they pay like Saturday Night Live to do a sketch about Hey, can you do a sketch where people can call people idiots? We can't do it. That's true. But you guys can do you can get away with a lot more stuff than we can totally do they can do kind of like a give you a you know will give you some cash to do this, right? That's a good idea. I wouldn't be the worst idea or pay some influencers or something to drink Corona beer when they're out right just to make it clear not the coronavirus, right? So like take who's a famous athlete. I need famous athlete any famous athlete. Eat Kmart Carson Wentz. Okay, so they say hey Carson Wentz. Can you do us a favor will give you a million dollars if you and your wife go to a bar and put it Instagram post of you guys drinking some Coronas right do something like that, please. Yep. Please pretty please just to get it out there like it's okay. See you and me got some good ideas. Oh, yeah, people will listen to him telling me. All right coming up. I'd like to say that was the end of our stupid stories. But no they continue kids the pufnstuf podcast healthier happier. You has created for more than just a gym membership or diet plan. Don't take on your New Year's goals alone. Let's CBD American Shaman of PA help you reach your goals by giving you the physical and mental relief needed to persevere. The better you challenge will reward you for sticking to your goals to learn more and to try free samples of the newest products visit a CBD American Shaman of PA store in car. Mechanicsburg Harrisburg and Lancaster or visit hemp is health.com and remember to use the promo code puff at checkout to save 10% on every order. Do your kids lose their house keys. Do you hide a key near front door for friends relatives the cleaning lady or pet sitter. Do you need a better way to secure your home? Let itd systems and security solve all your problems. I TD has the knowledge and experience to install Smart Home features, like smart locks motion sensors indoor and outdoor cameras and wireless keypads that can. Troll everything plus you could turn off lights lock doors and do any of your cameras right from your cell phone or tablet turn your house into a future house and had peace of mind your life itd systems and security to find out more visit itd SSI.com. Do you love saving money but hate buying one of those coupon books filled with Places You'll never go too. Well here comes quick save coupons to save the day quick save coupons as an app where you can find savings for restaurants stores and experiences that you will love and here's the best part. Free no big coupon books to buy no websites to give your information to click save coupons will show you all of the Savings in your area right on your phone. Just go to Google Play or the App Store and download the quicksave coupons app, then start saving money on many of the places you already go to. Hey, honey, how are the taxes going? Pretty good. Let's see. We either get $800 back or we go 4 grand. Hmm. I think we should call each in our block. Let's face it taxes can be confusing and the laws seem to change every year let the professionals at your local agent our block take the worry out of your tax season H&R Block and Dillsburg. Neuville, Biglerville Fairfield and Gettysburg have been owned by the same family for over 50 years and they've been there for every tax law change along the way don't leave money on the table file your taxes confidently with H&R Block now back to the pufnstuf podcast. Okay, we are back. on the podcast we just talked about stupid story were 38 percent of beer drinkers say that they're worried about drinking Corona because the Coronavirus idiots. Anyway, these people will share the planet with the intense stupidity continues. You're in a country. Music. Did you hear about what happened with Garth Brooks? Yes. No, I don't care who you like politically your Trump supporter. That's fine. Biden supporter. Fine. Hilary don't care Sanders don't care. I don't care just be smart Garth Brooks is wearing a sandwich. his jersey at his concert in Detroit internet conservatives reacted poorly now in their defense It said Sanders 20, right? So Sanders is the name 20. I kind of see where they're coming from but if you know this much about football like like a smidge about football, you know about the very famous Detroit Lions running back Barry Sanders, right who just also happen to be number 20, right? And it's a football jersey. It was a it was a Detroit Lions football jersey is a Barry Sanders football jersey. Now if you know zero zilch squat, About football I might even give you a little bit of a pass. I don't think it's a past the figure out what you're talking about before you start complaining. It said Sanders could be Barry Sanders and 20 like 2020. It's I understand but you're right. You should probably just do a quick Google search of Sanders 20, right and Barry Sanders will be actually know what let's just do it. Why not if I were to say Sanders 20x. She's probably just going to come up with Garth Brooks. Tough. The very first thing is Bernie Sanders it is as a matter of fact, if you think about the context of it, you know, what is matter of fact the whole gu the whole good Google page 1 all Bernie Sanders. Wow, wait was the pit. Okay, I've seen the picture of I didn't see like the background is there like any context clues that have tested with football sure. You know, what don't know. I take it back. I take it back Google corrected what I put in Google put Sanders 2020 if you just put Sanders 20 Barry sandals Barry Sanders Wikipedia Pages the first thing that comes all right, right. So that's good and then obviously all the stories about Garth Brooks. Yeah. Did he do this just to get a rise out of people. I don't think so. I think he was playing a show in Detroit, right? And he was playing to the crowd like so many other people Do like I asked earlier is there because I don't have the picture in front of me is their context clues that it has to do with football. It's just a football jersey. It's like a hey Detroit like I'm here and what's the caption? Oh, I don't know. Okay, I wasn't sure like if he if people took two seconds to look at the caption or whatever if it would be made more clear. I'm gonna look yeah, I do everything I've seen it was just yeah, it was just him looks like Back hallway wearing like a wireless. Mike was definitely a a Detroit Lions football jersey. I don't really see it caption. Just like an Instagram post 70,000 fans attended is February 22nd show at Ford Field. That's where they play and here's the actual thing Detroit. You carried me all night long, but you always have I'm In Love With Your Love hashtag Garth in Detroit and then that picture okay. I mean I get where people could get the confusion from but use context clues and figure out what you're going to freak out about before you freak out about it. I think we're so like ready to freak out. I think we're so ready to be like, ah, like everyone and not ever know save one. The hardcore people on whatever side you're on they are just like they're like a rubber band ready to snap Yep. They're just like I can't wait for someone to make me upset, right? So they saw that and they were like Yep. This is it. This is what we're going to do our they how could you do that to us Garth know and you know, what, does it really affect your life? No, I mean I'm obsessed with the Jonas Brothers, but I don't let myself actually get physically upset in my own daily life about something that they're doing. What if the Jonas Brothers came out? With a drastic difference of opinion on you about something important. It really wouldn't affect my day. I mean I might be like, oh like if it was a terrible opinion, it's just like something hard on. His brothers are like we don't like dogs, right? Well, okay, that's that's different different category. What if they're like, what if what if Nick Jonas came out and said, I'm not an expert but I think Carson Wentz is overrated. Oh that would hurt that would sting a little I would really Staying the I knew that I had to use Carson Wentz and not dogs because you'd be like I don't care that I don't like jokes anymore if you'd like, that's true. But Carson Wentz, I think it's right on that line. Yeah, I mean if it was something political unless it was something drastic like we don't want World Peace then obviously I would have an issue but if it was just High where the Jonas Brothers and we love war. Then I would be sad keep bombing. Everyone America love the Joe Broz. Yeah, but otherwise keep those other countries burning up with you baby. Oh my gosh. Yeah aside from that. I don't think it would really affect my life not enough for me to comment on their post and furthermore to people realize that like, they're celebrities are not reading all your comments this there. I don't understand. Why you to do that sitting there bed at night. Read what I wrote there moved. I'm sure they are Chuck a man has been arrested in Oregon for using this is a special place in hell for the student using counterfeit cash to buy Girl Scout cookies. No, that's terrible. Don't do death of those poor girls police received two different calls in mid-February from local Girl Scout Troops who reported receiving counterfeit currency on separate occasions while selling cookies outside of a Walmart in each instance the suspect allegedly. 22 buy one box of Girl Scout cookies and was given legitimate currency and change the skirt Girl Scout Troops recognize the money was fake and called 9-1-1. He was 36 year old Camden Dutch arm. I don't know. Anyway, they identify them through like security cameras because Walmart's have security cameras, right so they were able to find them but it's actually not give him props, but it's actually kind of brilliant stop it. It's smart. We are not giving criminals props anymore on this show Puff. How hard I talk to you about? Bout this how often do you hand a Girl Scout money and she pulls out that been to see that it's real they don't do that because because they could they trust people because they're sweet and naive and they like still trust. They don't know how awful this world is yet. If anything Girl Scouts, maybe this is a good lesson for you. Don't trust people. Yeah, you gotta learn at a young age. You can't trust people their evil evil world. We live in a really really shouldn't coming up. Next I'd never knew this about Apple but I now it makes a lot more sense and I try to think back and I realize yeah, I've never actually seen this before kid stuff pufnstuf podcast. Hey honey, how are the taxes? Going? Pretty good? Let's see. We either get $800 back or we go 4 grand. Hmm. I think we should call each in our block. Let's face. It taxes can be confusing and the laws seem to change every year let the professionals at your local H&R Block take the worry out of your tax season H&R Block and Dillsburg Newville Biglerville, Fairfield and Gettysburg have been owned by the same family for over 50 years and they've been there for every tax law changes. On the way don't leave money on the table file your taxes confidently with H&R Block. Do you love saving money? But hate buying one of those coupon books filled with Places You'll never go too. Well here comes quick save coupons to save the day quick save coupons as an app where you can find savings for restaurants stores and experiences that you will love and here's the best part. It's free. No big coupon books to buy no websites to give your information to click save coupons will show you all of the Savings in your area right on your phone. Just go to Google Play or the App Store and download Download the quicksave coupons app then start saving money on many of the places you already go to do your kids lose their house keys. Do you hide a key near front door for friends relatives the cleaning lady or pet sitter. Do you need a better way to secure your home? Let itd systems to security solve all your problems. I TD has the knowledge and experience to install Smart Home features, like smart locks motion sensors indoor and outdoor cameras and wireless keypads that control everything plus you can turn off lights lock doors and do any of your cameras right from your Cell phone or tablet turn your house into a future house and had peace of mind your life itd systems and security to find out more visit itd SSI.com healthier happier. You has created for more than just a gym membership or diet plan. Don't take on your New Year's goals alone. Let's see be the American Shaman Opa help you reach your goals by giving you the physical and mental relief needed to persevere. The better you challenge will reward you for sticking to your goals to learn more and to try free samples of the newest. Ducks visit a CBD American Shaman of PA store in Carlisle Mechanicsburg, Harrisburg and Lancaster or visit hemp has health.com and remember to use the promo code puff at checkout to save 10% on every order now back to the Puffin step podcast. Okay. We are back on the podcast and you're not you're not a huge movie buff. Are you not really? I wouldn't call myself that now but you do like the You do like some of the superhero movies, right? Yeah. I like the Marvel movies well. Did you know and I didn't know this until this director gave a an interview that Apple won't allow movie villains to use iPhones. Yeah, Ryan Johnson. He's the director of knives out. His leaps. God has leaked a Hollywood secret when it comes to product placement and movies apple has a strict stipulation that it's devices cannot be used by any villainous character in the movie. Right? Wow, an interview in Vanity Fair. He said Apple they let you use iPhones and movies, but if you ever Watching a mystery movie Bad Guys cannot have iPhones on camera. They use like Androids or just prop phones. Wow, Apple feel strongly about this what I mean, what do they really think is going to happen? Do they really believe that someone is going to be like well Thanos used an iPhone. So I'm going to use an iPhone because I like I want to be bad and everyone knows they're not going to like wait Apple to evil. I mean they they might already do they got to Is what jobs and stuff look kids build your iPhone's so it's what do you what do you expect Apple? It's weird. Yeah. I don't understand that. I don't think people are going to correlate those two. I think they're really overthinking this one. And as far as I'm aware and I might be wrong no might be ones. I don't know about Apple's the only one that does this it's not like for doesn't let evil people drive their trucks and movies why or anything like that never heard of any of that? Yeah, but for some reason apple has a strict. No villain policy. Like what even made them think of that? I don't know. I feel like something had to have made this come about for them to go. Okay. Yeah, we came up villains use iPhones. So like the good guys can use iPhones, right? And the bad guys are using an Android right? I'm gonna be looking for this movie, right? So like in awe like the James Bond movies and stuff. If you ever watch them use a phone, it's never going to be an iPhone if it's a bad guy. Okay, I'm gonna pay attention James Bond is going to have Siri right next to him. He has the iPhone. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. So this time to play the pole. According to the survey. This is the number one complaint women have in the workplace. The number one complaint. I'm not going to give you a hint until you have a guest or two number one complaint in the workplace in the workplace that it's cold. Yep. Are you serious? Yep. Oh my gosh, I'm doing so good at this lead is too cold. I can agree with that. I have a blanket. I have a heater. I have a jacket on and sometimes I literally go heat up water just to hold it in a mug because it feels warm. Well when we are in the studio at the radio station together, you had all this stuff you to blanket yet heater. How is it at the new job? Is it cold? It's so cold. You still have a heater. I do. We're it's like one of those like your Not allowed to have a heater thing wink. Yeah, you have to unplug it at night. So naturally I check like eight times before I leave course. You don't want to you want to be the one the birds the stadium down. No, could you imagine? Oh my god. Do you think they fire you I think so they have insurance, but nobody nobody would have a job anymore because the office wouldn't be there. I just actually the first weekend after I worked there. I was like, I woke up at like 3 o'clock in the morning and I was like, did I unplug my heater? I was this close. Is to driving to the stadium to make sure it was unplugged because that's like that's what happens to me. I'll wake up in the middle of the night. I'll be in the shower like to unplug my heater. So it kind of stresses me out, but it's worth it. Like I need I need the so you're still at your new job which is a much more professional environment than where we were before. Yeah, you're still at that job rocking a blanket. Yep, Roc and a heater. Yep, and then the the hot water trick all the time. Yep when we were at the Radio station before I had my heater that John welsbach gave me I used to go and turn the toaster oven on just to like stand by it for a few minutes then was I didn't know that. Yeah because it was so warm and I know you didn't agree but I'm telling you it was cold. And that studio one of us has natural insulation. The other ones you well, you know, the more things change the more they stay the same. It's the theme of today's show enjoy your heater and blanket stuff. Thank you. I will all right. That is the pump step podcast. tomorrow the advice column kids the Puffin step podcast