Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of tea when a bug fell in her tea but to the emperor's freak out about a bug in her tea. No, I'll tell you what she did after you switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the molars in the back. The empress wasn't freaked out by the bug in her teeth. She was fascinated. She plucked the little bug out of the tea and started examining it. It was a little worm and it was wrapped up in a cocoon the empress began unraveling the Cocoon and saw something like string. It was beautiful and very fine strength unlike anything. She'd ever seen before the string was silk. That's what you're rushing to the bottom of your mouth and brush the inside outside and chewing side of each to the worm was a silkworm. The empress saw that the little silkworm had fallen from a special tree that she was sitting under and she had an idea. She wanted to use the strings the silkworms grew to make soft and beautiful fabric that we now call Silk. The empress healing she ask the emperor to plant more of the special trees so that more of the little silkworms would have a place to live and grow more silk. Switch your rushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth and give your tongue a brush, too. The empress is plan was a huge success. Everyone wanted to buy the soft silk today Empress Shilling. She is still known as the silkworm mother and because of her inventiveness. She is today's Chompers heroin. That's it for Chompers today, but come back tonight for more stories about awesome. Ladies until then 3 2 1. Chompers is a production of gimlet media.